<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1849737_0001213900-23-024920.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4741210</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>575398</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>907041</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1127448</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1036729</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>959805</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024920.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330214819
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024920
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Patria Latin American Opportunity Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849737
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41321
		FILM NUMBER:		23782860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1 (646) 313 6271

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		601 LEXINGTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Patria Latin American Growth Opportunity Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210331

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Patria Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024920.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_patrialatin.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to . 

Commission
file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, , 
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, 0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant PLAOU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, included as part of the units, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 PLAOW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant
was required to submit such files).	 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of March
28, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share and Class B ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding, respectively. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

table
of contents 

Page 
 
 Certain Terms 
 
 ii 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary 
 
 iii 
 
 Part I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 16 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 60 
 
 Item 2. Property 
 
 60 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 60 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 60 
 
 Part II 
 
 61 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 61 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 63 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 63 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 68 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 68 
 
 Part III 
 
 69 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 69 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 81 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 81 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 84 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 86 
 
 Part IV 
 
 87 
 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 87 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 88 

i 

Certain Terms 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), references to: 

we, us, company 
or our company are to Patria Latin American Opportunity Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the company; 

Companies Act are to the Companies
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

directors are to our current directors; 

equity-linked securities are to
any debt or equity securities of our company that are convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued
in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity
or debt; 

final prospectus are to the Company s
final prospectus (File No. 333-254498), dated as of March 9, 2022, which was declared effective by the SEC on March 9, 2022; 

founders are to Ricardo Leonel Scavazza,
our Chairman of the Board, Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira, our Chief Executive Officer, Marco Nicola D Ippolito,
our Chief Financial Officer, and Alexandre Teixeira de Assump o Saigh, one of our Directors; 

founder shares are to Class B ordinary
shares initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares
that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination as described
herein; 

initial shareholders are to our
sponsor and each other holder of our founder shares upon the consummation of our initial public offering; 

IPO are to our initial public offering
that closed on March 14, 2022; 

management or our management
team are to our officers and directors; 

ordinary shares are to our Class
A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

Patria are to Patria Investments
Limited; 

private placement warrants are to
the warrants sold to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and upon conversion of working capital
loans, if any; 

public shares are to our Class A
ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our IPO (whether they are purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders
of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of
our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and member of our management team s status
as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the warrants
sold as part of the units in our IPO (whether they are purchased in our IPO or thereafter in the open market) and to the private placement
warrants if held by third parties other than our sponsor (or permitted transferees); 

sponsor are to Patria SPAC LLC,
a Cayman Islands limited liability company; 

warrants are to our public warrants
and private placement warrants; and 

, US and U.S.
dollar each refer to the United States dollar. 

ii 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements and Risk Factor Summary 

Some of the statements contained in this annual
report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or
strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, 
 plan, possible, potential , predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this annual report may
include, for example, statements about: 

our
 being a company with no operating history and no revenues; 

past
 performance of our management team, Patria, our sponsor, or their respective affiliates may
 not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us; 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 ability to obtain or maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq; 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 initial shareholders controlling the election of our board of directors and electing all
 of our directors; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

actual
 and potential conflicts of interests relating to Patria, and our sponsor, officers, directors,
 security holders, clients and their respective affiliates that may conflict with our interests; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses, including opportunities in Latin America; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from
 the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities; 

the
 potential risks subsequent to our initial business combination with respect to where our
 assets are located, potential reincorporation elsewhere, where our directors and officers
 will reside and our directors and officers familiarity with U.S. securities
 laws; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 possibility that our initial shareholders may receive additional Class A ordinary shares
 based on our trading price and/or based on certain strategic transactions after our initial
 business combination; 

the
 potential risks associated with us being incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

iii 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from the realized gain on the investments
 held in the trust account; 

the
 performance of Latin American markets and the availability of a suitable target for an initial
 business combination transaction in Latin America; additional burdens that we may face in
 finding, investigating, agreeing to and completing an initial business combination transaction
 in Latin America; and additional risks in pursuing a target company with operations in Latin
 America that may negatively impact our operations following the business combination; 

the
 potential risks associated with acquiring and operating a business in foreign countries; 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our
 financial performance; or 

the
 other risks and uncertainties described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 and elsewhere in this annual report. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There
can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

iv 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company incorporated as
a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination. Our only activities
since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for our IPO and to pursue a business combination.
We have not selected any business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. Our team has a history of executing transactions in multiple geographies
and under varying economic and financial market conditions. Although we may pursue an acquisition in a number of industries or geographies,
we intend to capitalize on the broader Patria Investments Limited, or Patria, platform where we believe a combination of our relationships,
knowledge and experience across industries and geographies can effect a positive transformation of an existing business. 

Our sponsor is an affiliate of Patria, a leading
global alternative asset manager. Given Patria s investment capabilities and the expectation that our company will leverage on Patria s
capabilities, we believe our team has the required investment, operational, due diligence and capital raising resources to affect a business
combination with an attractive target and to position it for long-term success in the public markets. 

While we may pursue an initial business combination
target in any industry or sector, geography, or stage, we intend to focus our search in Latin America and in sectors where Patria has
developed investment expertise (including but not limited to healthcare, food and beverage, logistics, agribusiness, education, and financial
services). We will pursue an initial business combination with an established business with scale, attractive growth prospects, high-quality
shareholders and management, and sustainable competitive advantages. We believe there is a large number of attractive businesses that
would benefit from a public listing as well as from the operational and value creation expertise we bring. 

Our sponsor, Patria SPAC LLC, is an affiliate
of Patria. We believe Patria offers a compelling value proposition and can help us with value creation for our target business, our shareholders
and our Sponsor. Patria is one of the leading private markets investment firms in Latin America in terms of capital raised, with over
 8.7 billion raised since 2015 including co-investments. Preqin s 2020 Global Private Equity Venture Capital Report ranks
Patria as the number one fund manager by total capital raised for private equity funds in the past ten years in Latin America. As of December
31, 2021, Patria s assets under management, or AUM, was 14.9 billion with 19 active funds, and Patria s investment portfolio
was composed of over 55 companies and assets. Patria s size and performance over its 32-year history also make it one of the most
significant emerging markets-based private markets investments managers. We intend to leverage this unique proprietary investment framework
and investment expertise with an established operational track record to generate value in our target business through many operational
levers, such as revenue growth via cross-selling with other portfolio companies, margin expansion and premiums from green-field projects,
relying on Patria s expertise to complement the business development competences of our management. 

Patria s track record derived from its strategy
and capabilities has attracted a committed and diversified base of investors, with over 300 Limited Partners, or LPs, across four continents,
including six of the world s 10 largest sovereign wealth funds and 10 of the world s 20 largest pensions, insurance companies,
funds of funds, financial institutions, endowments, foundations, and family offices. Approximately 59 of its current LPs have been investing
with Patria for over 10 years. Patria s team has also benefited from the investment of its partner, The Blackstone Group Inc., one
of the world s leading investment firms, which has held a non-controlling interest in Patria since 2010. 

1 

On January 26, 2021, Patria announced the closing
of its initial public offering of 34,613,647 of its Class A common shares at a public offering price of 17.00 per share. The shares began
trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on January 22, 2021, under the symbol PAX. 

On December 1, 2021 Patria announced the closing
of its combination with Moneda Asset Management, or Moneda, a leading asset manager headquartered in Chile. The transaction
creates a combined asset manager with nearly 24 billion in assets under management, which Patria expects will help solidify its private
equity, infrastructure and credit platforms in Latin America. 

The combination enhanced Patria s product
offering by adding the largest credit investment platform in Latin America, where Moneda manages nearly 5 billion and has generated market-leading
performance. Moneda also manages more than 450 million in private credit investments, adding to more than 200 million managed by Patria,
which Patria expects to be the foundation to pursue private credit product development in the region. 

Moneda also added a public equities portfolio,
and including Patria s Constructivist Equity Fund, or CEF, totaled 2.5 billion in public equities AUM. Within this portfolio, the
combination created the largest Constructivist Equity/CEF manager in the region with approximately 800 million in assets under management,
combining localized expertise in both Brazil and Chile. Complementary investor bases totaling more than 400 institutional clients present
a significant cross selling opportunity for Moneda s products, which will continue to carry the Moneda brand, offering Patria s
global institutional investors access to yield-oriented products in the region. 

Patria s investment approach seeks to take advantage of sizable opportunities in Latin America while mitigating risks such as macroeconomic
and foreign exchange volatility. Patria does so by focusing on resilient sectors largely uncorrelated with macroeconomic factors driving
operational value creation and partnering with entrepreneurs and management teams to develop some of the leading platforms in the region.
Patria s strategy, applied since 1994 in its flagship private equity products, has generated solid returns and sustained growth. The consolidated
equal-weighted net internal rate of return, or IRR, in U.S. dollars for all of Patria s flagship private equity funds since inception
was 29.5 as of December 31, 2022 (30.9 in Brazilian reais). The consolidated pooled-weighted net internal rate of return, or IRR, in
U.S. dollars for all of Patria s flagship private equity funds since inception was 14.0 as of December 31, 2022 (19.4 in Brazilian reais).
Patria has overseen the deployment of more than 25 billion through capital raised by its products, capital raised in IPOs and follow-ons,
debt raised by underlying companies and capital expenditures sourced from operational cash flow of underlying companies, with more than
47 investments and 273 underlying acquisitions as of December 31, 2022. 

We believe that Patria s historical returns
in U.S. dollars are particularly notable in view of the levels of currency volatility and historically limited use of leverage, which,
we also believe, makes Patria better investors focused on value creation, strategy execution and operational excellence, with more limited
reliance upon financial engineering. We expect to rely on Patria s expertise and track record to help our management to source an
attractive target business and build on Patria s extensive public company expertise to take advantage of value creation opportunities
by improving the target business s operations and accelerate its growth. 

As of December 31, 2022, Patria had 174 professionals, of which 44 were partners and directors, 19 of these working together for more
than ten years, operating in ten offices around the globe, including investment offices in Montevideo (Uruguay), S o Paulo (Brazil),
Bogot (Colombia), and Santiago (Chile), as well as client-coverage offices in New York (United States), London (United Kingdom),
Dubai (UAE), and Hong Kong (China), in addition to Patria s corporate business and management office in George Town (Cayman Islands). 

Company History 

On March 14, 2022, we consummated our initial
public offering, or the IPO of 23,000,000 units sold in our IPO, or the Public Units, including the issuance
of 3,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s, or the Underwriter exercise of its over-allotment option, or
the Over-allotment Option in full, at a price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of our IPO, we consummated the sale of 14,500,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement
Warrant, in a Private Placement to Patria SPAC LLC, or the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 14,500,000. 

2 

Of the net proceeds from the IPO, exercise of
the over-allotment option, and associated private placements, 236,900,000 of cash was placed in the Trust Account. 

We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
our initial business combination will be successful. 

On May 2, 2022, we announced that, commencing
May 4, 2022, holders of the 23,000,000 units sold in the IPO may elect to separately trade the Company s Class A Ordinary Shares
and the public warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol PLAOU 
and the Patria Class A Ordinary Shares and public warrants that were separated trade under the symbols PLAO and PLAOW, 
respectively. 

Initial Business Combination 

The Nasdaq rules require that our initial business
combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net
assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions held in the trust account and taxes payable
on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. Our board
of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination upon standards generally accepted
by the financial community. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business
or businesses, or if we are considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, such transaction would be subject to
approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. We would not be required to obtain an opinion from a third party
firm in such event to address whether the business combination is fair to our public shareholders from a financial point of view. We do
not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. We also will
not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.
Subject to these limitations, our directors and executive officers have virtually unlimited flexibility in identifying and selecting one
or more prospective businesses. 

We may, at our option, pursue an acquisition opportunity
jointly with Patria, or one or more parties affiliated with Patria, including without limitation officers and affiliates of Patria, funds
associated with Patria or investors in such funds. Any such party may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial
business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by borrowing from or issuing to such parties a
class of equity or debt securities. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such joint acquisition or specified future issuance
would be determined at the time thereof. 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the
equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that
the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet
certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons. We will
only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on the relative valuations ascribed to the target and us in
the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares
in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target or issue a substantial number of new
shares to third parties in connection with financing our initial business combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business
combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business
combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 
of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the
aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for
purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. 

3 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Other Considerations 

We currently do not have any specific business
combination under consideration. Patria and our directors and officers are regularly made aware of potential business combination opportunities,
one or more of which we may desire to pursue. However, we have not selected any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone
on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. 

In addition, certain of our directors and officers
currently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including without
limitation Patria and funds associated with Patria or their current or former portfolio companies. These funds may have overlapping investment
objectives and potential conflicts may arise with respect to Patria s decision regarding how to allocate investment opportunities
among these funds. If any of our directors and officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for a fund
or entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations (including, without limitation, any funds associated
with Patria or their current or former portfolio companies), then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she
will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such fund or entity,
before we can pursue such opportunity. If Patria, funds associated with Patria or other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity,
we may be precluded from pursuing the same. In addition, investment ideas generated within or presented to Patria or our directors and
executive officers may be suitable for both us and Patria, a current or future Patria fund or one or more of their portfolio companies
and, subject to applicable fiduciary duties or contractual obligations, will first be directed to Patria, such fund, investment vehicle
or portfolio company before being directed, if at all, to us. However, we do not expect these fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
to materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no
individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest
or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity
(including with respect to any business transaction that may involve another Patria entity) for any director or officer, on the one hand,
and us, on the other. Accordingly, Patria and our directors or officers may not be obliged to present a business combination opportunity
to us. 

Our directors and officers or Patria or their
affiliates, including funds associated with Patria, may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during
the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in
pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and the director and officer teams.
However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to identify and pursue
business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. 

In addition, our officers and directors are not
required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating time among
various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover,
our officers and directors, including our chief executive officer, are and in the future will be required to commit time and attention
to Patria and current and future funds associated with Patria. To the extent any conflict of interest arises between, on the one hand,
us and, on the other hand, any of such entities (including, without limitation, arising as a result of certain of officers and directors
being required to offer acquisition opportunities to such entities), Patria and its affiliated funds will resolve such conflicts of interest
in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing fiduciary, contractual and other duties and there can be no assurance
that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor. 

4 

On March 9, 2022, we filed a Registration Statement
on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or
the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention
of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our
initial business combination. 

Corporate Information 

Our executive offices are located at 18 Forum
Lane, 3rd floor, Camana Bay, PO Box 757, KY1-9006, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands and our telephone number is +1 345-640-4900. Our website
and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is
not considered part of, this annual report. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted
companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying
with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands
government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years
from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains
or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations
or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations
or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our
shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have
total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market
value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the
date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References
herein to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
did not equal or exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal or exceed 100 million during such
completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700 million as of the
prior June 30. 

5 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our IPO until closing a business combination. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds from our IPO and the private placement of the private placement warrants,
the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or
backstop agreements, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a
combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially
unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and
businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may use the balance of the
cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion
of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We have not selected any specific business combination
target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business
combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us. While we may pursue an initial business combination target
in any industry, we intend to focus our search on companies in the healthcare, food and beverage, logistics, agribusiness, education and
financial services sectors, primarily in Latin America. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in our IPO to evaluate the
possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

Although our management will assess the risks
inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying
all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do
nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through
a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and we may effectuate
our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition,
we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds from our IPO and the
sale of the private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from
the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing
to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete
such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination
funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business
combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing.
There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances
or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop
agreements. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional
funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Neither our sponsor officers, directors or shareholders are required to provide any
financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

6 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that our officers and directors,
as well as their affiliates and our advisory committee members, may bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become
aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade
shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily
be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. In addition, various unaffiliated
sources, including but not limited to investment bankers and private investment funds, may bring target businesses to our attention as
a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think
we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources may have read this annual report and know what types of businesses
we are targeting. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize
in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay
a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of
the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities
to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our
management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction;
in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our
existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other
compensation by the company prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). In addition, commencing on the date of our final prospectus, we expect to pay our
sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, salaries or other cash compensation paid to consultants
to our sponsor, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team and other expenses and obligations
of our sponsor. Any such payments prior to our initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other
than the foregoing, there will be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or
other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or funds managed by certain
of our affiliates, or from completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor,
officers, directors or funds managed by certain of our affiliates. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with
a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or funds managed by certain of our affiliates,
such transaction would be subject to approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. We would not be required to
obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination is fair to our public shareholders
from a financial point of view. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring
of Our Initial Business Combination 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document
reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed
to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with,
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members
of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. 

7 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an in definite
period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future
performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities
in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of
being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination, and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In additio n,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination, we may seek
to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the
ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve
Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.
However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder
approval for business or other reasons. 

Un der
Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We
 issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary
 shares then outstanding (other than in a public offering) 

Any
 of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a
 5 or greater interest earned on the trust account (or such persons collectively have a 10 
 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired
 or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an
 increase in outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more or 

The
 issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change
 of control. 

8 

Permitted
Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in
privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in
such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions
to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust
account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make
any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares.
We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the
Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine
at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval
of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote
such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such
purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their
affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted
by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business
combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would
identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share
of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with
respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our
initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to
purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant and will only
purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5
of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon
Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to
the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.30 per unit, and such amount may be increased by
up to 0.20 per unit in the event we decide to extend the time to consummate our business combination by a total of six months, as described
herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify
itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination
with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination. 

9 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares
that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem
any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds
through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business
combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such
net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either
(i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender
offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will
be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the
terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether
we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules).
Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any
transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association would require shareholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq,
we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s shareholder approval rules. 

The requirement that we provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above is contained in provisions of our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our
listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of two-thirds of our ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon,
so long as we offer redemption in connection with such amendment. 

If we provide ou r
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a general meeting, we will, pursuant to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
 offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

10 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareh olders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business
combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote
of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if
the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. Our
sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to vote their founder shares, shares underlying the private placement warrants and any public shares purchased during or after
our IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of
seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum
is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 7,500,001, or 37.5 , of the 20,000,000
public shares sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our sponsor, officers and directors, may make it more likely
that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general
meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

If a shareholder vo te
is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate
 issuer tender offers, and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1( a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering
more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, if we elect to conduct redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established
in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the
Exchange Act. 

We intend to require our public shareholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s
option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using
the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled
vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder
vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption
to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included.
The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with
our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We
believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action
from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial
business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares
delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their shares. 

11 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares
that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem
any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds
through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business
combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such
net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of
Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares without our prior consent.
We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders
to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management
to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s
shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms.
By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our IPO without our prior consent, we believe
we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business
combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a
minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Delivering Share Certificates in Connection
with the Exercise of Redemption Rights 

As described above, we intend to require our public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth
in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days
prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection
with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request
for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares
is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection
with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements.
Accordingly, a public shareholder would have up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the initial business combination if
we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as
applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a shareholder fails
to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed.
Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

12 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the
broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost
on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the
timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made,
may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if
a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior
to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem
their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is
not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 15 months after the closing of
our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance
with the terms described in our final prospectus). 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if No Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that we have only 15 months from the closing of our IPO to complete our initial business combination (or up to
within 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described
in our final prospectus). If we have not completed our initial business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other
requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will
expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by 15 months after the closing of our
IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance
with the terms described in our final prospectus). However, if our sponsor or management team acquire public shares after our IPO, they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the allotted time period. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by 15 months after the closing of our IPO
on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with
the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares
such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our
public shares at such time. 

13 

We expect that all costs and expenses
associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining
out of the 2,310,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds
for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan
of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay income taxes on the
realized gain on the investments held in the trust account, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up
to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds from
our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into
account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would
be approximately 10.30. The funds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which
would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.30. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you
that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers (other than BDO USA, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited
to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third-party
if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. BDO
USA, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our IPO will not execute agreements with us waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims
they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse
against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than BDO USA, LLP, our independent registered public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter
of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account
to below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per unit and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.30 per unit due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable,
provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any
and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we
have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has
sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully
made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than
 10.30 per unit. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

14 

In the event that the funds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per unit and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.30 per unit due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification
obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor
to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf
against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent
directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not
likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not
be less than 10.30 per unit. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our
sponsor has to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than
BDO USA, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor
will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We have access to up to 2,310,000 from the proceeds from our IPO with which to pay any such potential claims
(including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000).
In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders
who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed
our estimate of 690,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount
of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering
expenses are less than our estimate of 690,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by
a corresponding amount. 

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the trust account could
be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third
parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account,
we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.30 per unit to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up
petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by
shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer 
or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received
by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may
have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from
the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these
reasons. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
by 15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial
business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by 15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material
provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective
shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or
interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination,
a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its
shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described
above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

15 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on
the one hand, and us, on the other. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently utilize office space at 18 Forum
Lane, 3rd floor, Camana Bay, PO Box 757, KY1-9006, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. We consider our current office space adequate for our
current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have two officers: Jos Augusto
Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira and Marco Nicola D Ippolito. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific
number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed
our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to
have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this annual report on Form 10-K and the prospectus associated with our IPO, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any
of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

General Risk Factors 

We are a blank check company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company incorporated under
the laws of the Cayman Islands, and all of our activities to date have been related to our formation, our IPO and our search for a business
combination target. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target
business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our
initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

16 

Past performance by our management team, our
sponsor and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have
been associated such as Patria, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. 

Information regarding our management team and
their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated,
including Patria, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience, reputation, public company expertise, region-wide
network, and performance by our management team and their affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, such as
Patria, is not a guarantee that we will be able to (i) successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination,
(ii) have any competitive advantage in sourcing or consummating one or more business combinations, (iii) improve the target business s
operations or accelerate its growth, (iv) rely on Patria s scalable process, investment teams and analytical tools to source, diligence,
manage investments; or (v) provide positive returns to our shareholders, or of any results with respect to any initial business combination
we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences of our management team and their affiliates, including investments
and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, including Patria, as indicative
of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by each of the members of our management team
or their affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, and
our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors
to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly,
any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii)
we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of
reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay
the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our
Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would
no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

17 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when
a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal
year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent
we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies
difficult or impossible. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December
31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal
control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with
the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that
we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared
to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of
any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business
combination. 

Management concluded that there was
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, as of December
31, 2022, the Company does not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations, which raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans concerning this matter are also described in Note
1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

As of December 31,
2022, we had 707,749 cash and working capital of 230,865,720. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination
may not be successful. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans to address this need for capital are discussed under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations of this Annual Report. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery
of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a
going concern. 

18 

In the past we identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to our internal control
over financial reporting. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may
adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

In connection with the preparation and audit of our financial statements, a material weakness was identified in our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Subsequent to our initial filing of a registration statement on Form
S-1 on March 19, 2021, our management determined it should restate our previously reported financial statements as of and for the period
ended March 31, 2021. We determined we had overstated legal fees in connection with our formation and overstated deferred offering costs
in connection with our proposed public offering. The impact of the restatement on our financial statements included in our registration
statement on Form S-1 for the period ended March 31, 2021 was reflected in our financial statements as of and for the period ended December
31, 2021. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We have and
continue to take steps to remediate the material weakness, but there is no assurance that any remediation efforts will ultimately have
the intended effects. 

If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit
our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely
filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial
reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We cannot assure stockholders that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures
we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of
the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal
courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under
the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon
our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs will be governed by our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to
time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights
of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors
to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands
is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions
of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and
the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial
precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared
to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate
law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the
United States. 

We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman)
LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments
of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any
state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are
penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the
United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction
without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an
obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced
in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine
or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained
in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards
of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings
if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

19 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders
may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate
in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support
such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to
approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination
or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to
seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such
approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors
may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to
vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be
at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial
business combination. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only their
pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

We expect to encounter competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater
technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire with the net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the
acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. In addition, as our strategy is to focus
on business combination targets in Latin America, where there is a more limited pool of targets, we may be unable to find a suitable business
combination target. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the
time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware
that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within
the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

20 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem
their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for
working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public shareholders
exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with
the business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any
shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such amount of deferred underwriting commission is not available
for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion
of our initial business combination, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible
assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination
or less than such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption
of our public shares and the related business combination, and we may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective
targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. If we are able
to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation
to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or
optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have
a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or
arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing.
Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares results
in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time
of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will
not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute
to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such
redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The
above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital
structure. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination
is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in
need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a
discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment
or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell
your shares in the open market. 

21 

Because our trust account is expected to contain
approximately 10.30 per Class A ordinary share (or 10.40 or 10.50 per Class A ordinary share if the sponsor extends the period of time
for the company to complete a business combination to 18 months or 21 months, respectively) at the time of our initial business combination,
public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares at the time of our initial business combination. 

Our trust account initially contains approximately
 10.30 per Class A ordinary share (or 10.40 or 10.50 per Class A ordinary share if the sponsor extends the period of time for the company
to complete a business combination to 18 months or 21 months, respectively). This is different than some other similarly structured blank
check companies for which the trust account only contains approximately 10.30 per Class ordinary share. As a result of the additional
funds receivable by public shareholders upon redemption of public shares, our public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their
public shares. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business
combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular
as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that
would produce value for our shareholders. 

Unlike some other similar blank check companies,
we will only have by 15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) to consummate an initial business combination.
Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete
our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with
any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time
to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive
investigation. 

Our sponsor has the right to extend the term we
have to consummate our initial business combination from 15 months to up to 21 months from the closing of our IPO without providing our
shareholders with a corresponding redemption right. 

We have until 15 months from the closing of our
IPO to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business
combination within 15 months, we may, by resolution of our board of directors if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time we
have to consummate an initial business combination by two additional three month periods (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a
business combination), provided that our sponsor (or its designees) must deposit into the trust account funds equal to 0.10 per unit
sold in our IPO for each three month extension, for an aggregate additional amount of 2,300,000 for each such extension, in exchange
for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note to be repaid by us following our business combination. Such loan may be convertible
into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.
If we do not complete a business combination, we will repay such loans solely from assets not held in the trust account, if any. Our public
shareholders will not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our extension of time to consummate an initial business combination or redeem
their shares in connection with such extension. This feature is different than most other special purpose acquisition companies, in which
any extension of the completion window would require a vote of a special purpose acquisition company s shareholders and, in connection
with such vote, such special purpose acquisition company s shareholders would have the right to redeem their public shares. 

22 

Our search for a business combination, and any
partner business with which we ultimately complete a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus
(COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and a significant
outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial
markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially
and adversely affected. 

Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business
combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors
or the partner business s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and complete a transaction in a
timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are
highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions
to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue
for an extensive period of time, our ability to complete a business combination, or the operations of a partner business with which we
ultimately complete a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to complete a transaction may
be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result
of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at
all. 

Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have
the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Item 1A. Risk Factors section, such as those related
to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

We may not be able to complete our initial business
combination by 15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business
and complete our initial business combination by 15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend
the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus). Our
ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital
and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally
and, while the extent of the impact of the pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our
initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing
being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact businesses we may seek
to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other
requirements of applicable law. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such time frame before redemption from
our trust account. 

If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination by 15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), the funds then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up
to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein.
Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up or liquidate the trust account and distribute
such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution
must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond by 15 months after
the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination
in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to
them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the funds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds
to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and
only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will
public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 

23 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Our initial shareholders own approximately 20 
of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of our IPO (assuming our initial shareholders do not
purchase any units in our IPO). Our initial shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares
prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder
approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under
Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of
the company, including the founder shares. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 7,500,001,
or 37.5 , of the 20,000,000 public shares sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our
initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement
by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that
we will receive an ordinary resolution, being the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares
or public warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in
privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination,
although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. Additionally,
at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material
non-public information), our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with
investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business
combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although
still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. 

24 

In the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have
already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem
their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby
increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act
to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business
Combination Permitted Purchases of Our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or
any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of
our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender
offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with
these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such shareholder may not
become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will
furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that
must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination.
In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption
of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any
other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section of this
annual report entitled Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Delivering Share Certificates in
Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

We have not selected any specific business combination
target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds from our IPO
and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from
the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing
to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms,
if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be
required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes,
including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination businesses, the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do
not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth
of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or
growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors, advisors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in
connection with or after our initial business combination. 

25 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines, including geographic area, for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which
we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may
make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval
for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the
target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public
shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We may consider a business combination outside
of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate
offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in
our IPO than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue
a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly
applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this annual report regarding the areas of our management s
expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able
to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

Resources could be wasted in researching business
combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to
complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

26 

We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may
be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and
profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an
early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in
a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition
and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not
have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

Moreover, in pursuing our business combination
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination
on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable (if at all) as
we believed at the time of signing an agreement to acquire such private company or that fails to meet the projections upon which our valuation
may be based. 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue
a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition candidate s key
personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial
business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

27 

Since our sponsor, officers and directors will
lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they
may acquire during or after our IPO), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target
is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

In March 2021, one of our officers paid 25,000,
or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs, in exchange for an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares, which
were temporarily issued to such officer until such shares were transferred to our sponsor in April 2021. In February 2022, our sponsor
forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares for no consideration, remaining with 5,750,000 founder shares. The purchase price of the founder shares
was determined by dividing the amount of expenses paid on behalf of the company by the number of founder shares issued. The number of
founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of our IPO would be a maximum of 23,000,000 units,
which was the case given the over-allotment option was exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20 of
the outstanding shares after our IPO. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition,
our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 14,500,000 private placement warrants for an aggregate purchase price of 14,500,000, or 1.00
per warrant. The private placement warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal
and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination,
completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This
risk may become more acute as the 15-month anniversary (or 18-month anniversary or 21-month anniversary, as the case may be) of the closing
of our IPO nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that the
proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement
disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not
they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be
reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP or international
financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS depending on the
circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential
target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame. 

If the net proceeds from our IPO and the sale
of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 15 months
following the closing of the offering (or up to within 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination
in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business
or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, their affiliates, including
Patria, or our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds from our IPO, and the sale
of the private placement warrants, only 2,310,000 is available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital
requirements. We believe that, since closing of our IPO, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to
allow us to operate for at least the next 21 months following such closing; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate,
and our sponsor, their affiliates, including Patria, and members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us
in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to
assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop 
provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around
for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement
where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether
as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect
to, a target business. 

28 

If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow
funds from our sponsor, their affiliates, including Patria, our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to
liquidate. Neither our sponsor, their affiliates, including Patria, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under
any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust
account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible
into private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such
warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not
expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing
to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. Any such event in the
future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.30 per unit, or possibly less, on our redemption
of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you
to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business
with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present within a particular
target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors
outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later
write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses.
Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize
in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate
impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our
securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result
of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial
business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders or warrant holders who choose to remain shareholders or warrant holders
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders or warrant holders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach
by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private
claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination
contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
funds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30
per unit. 

Our placing of funds in the trust account may
not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such
agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including,
but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with
such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the
circumstances. BDO USA, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our IPO will not execute agreements
with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

29 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed
our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial
business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against
us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less
than the 10.30 per unit initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement included
as an exhibit to the registration statement for our IPO, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any
claims by a third party (other than BDO USA, LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per unit
and (ii) the actual amount per unit held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.30
per unit due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether
or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe
that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our
initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.30 per unit. In such event, we may not be able to complete
our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public
shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors
and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the funds in the trust account
are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per unit and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.30 per unit due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy his obligations or that he has no indemnification obligations
related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our
sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action
is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that
a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of
funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.30 per unit. 

30 

The securities in which we invest the funds
held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the
per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.30 per unit. 

The proceeds held in the trust account will
be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly
yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent
years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt
similar policies in the United States. In the event that we do not to complete our initial business combination or make certain
amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their
pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any realized gain on the investments held in the trust account
thereon and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative
interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public
shareholders may be less than 10.30 per unit. 

If, after we distribute the funds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board
of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors
and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the funds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or
bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a
bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us
to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the funds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders
and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the funds in the trust
account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is
filed against us that is not dismissed, the funds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law,
and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date
on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result,
a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company
to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted
any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 

31 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until
after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are required to hold an annual general meeting no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors.
Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company
affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each
year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition,
as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until
after the consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders
will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any target businesses with which to pursue our initial business
combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Although we expect to invest in a Latin American
company, our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector
or geographic region. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize
on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team s
established global relationships and operating experience. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic
investments globally and has done so successfully in a number of sectors, including healthcare, food and beverage, logistics, agribusiness,
education and financial services, among other sectors. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibit us from
effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet
selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition
or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business
operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot
assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete
due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances
that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove
to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly,
any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

32 

If we consider an initial business combination
with an affiliated entity or if our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business,
such transaction would be subject to approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. We would not be required to
obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination is fair to our public shareholders
from a financial point of view, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for
the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, or if we are considering an initial business combination with an
affiliated entity, such transaction would be subject to approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. We would
not be required to obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination is fair to our
public shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of a majority
of our independent and disinterested directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial
community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial
business combination. Although the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a domestic or international target business
affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, including Patria, is
subject to the approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist
and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent
any dependence on Patria or conflicts of interest. 

We may engage the underwriters or one of their
affiliates to provide additional services to us after our IPO, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial
business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The underwriters are entitled to receive
deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on the completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives
may cause the underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after our IPO, including,
for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We may engage the underwriters or one of their
affiliates to provide additional services to us after our IPO, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial
advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriters or their
affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation;
provided that no agreement was entered into with the underwriters or their affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services
was paid to the underwriters or their affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of our final prospectus, unless such
payment would not be deemed underwriting compensation in connection with our IPO.
The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination.
The fact that the underwriters or their affiliates financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction
may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest
in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

Unlike some other similarly structured special
purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to
consummate an initial business combination. 

The founder shares may be converted into Class
A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to
further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed
issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder
shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving
effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued,
or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company
in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business
combination and any private placement warrants to be issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans;
provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

33 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments as of December
31, 2022 to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt
to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained
from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no
issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt
could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is
 payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants
 restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We
may only be able to complet e one business combination with the proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants,
which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of
diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

The net proceeds from our IPO and the
private placement of warrants provides us with 228,850,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after
taking into account the 8,050,000, of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account). We may effectuate our
initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of
time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of
various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they
had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to
diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may
have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry.
Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

34 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial
adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may o perate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business
combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise
to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete
our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens
and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional
risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating
business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our
desired results. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements,
to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as
successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our
management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve
our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that
we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control
or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control
of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business,
new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial business combination
so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires
50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that
does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our
shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue
a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests
of a target, or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial business combination.
In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class
A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings
resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly,
this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. 

35 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority
of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our
initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any
of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are
validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary
shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 

Certain agreements related to our IPO may be
amended without shareholder approval. 

Each of the agreements related to our IPO to which
we are a party, other than the warrant agreement (except for provisions of the warrant agreement enabling amendments without shareholder
or warrant holder approval that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing
market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements) and the investment management trust
agreement, may be amended without shareholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us
and our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial shareholders;
the private placement warrants purchase agreement between us and our sponsor; and the administrative services agreement among us, our
sponsor and an affiliate of our sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material.
For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares,
private placement warrants and other securities held by our initial shareholders, sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such
agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which
may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors
to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors,
in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement.
Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our
material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders,
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect
on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial
shareholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of
our securities. 

36 

Our initial shareholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not
support. 

Our initial shareholders own 20 of our issued
and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial
shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase
their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to
purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this annual report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional
purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors,
whose members are appointed by our sponsor, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years
with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least
the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board
of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their
ownership position, have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control
at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose
acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies
have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for
an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets
may be available to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose
acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms.
Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, the
COVID-19 pandemic and government measures taken to curb the spread of the virus, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed
to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate
or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial
business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Their Affiliates and Our Management
Team 

We are dependent upon our founders and officers
and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our founders and officers, many of whom are affiliated with Patria. We believe that our
success depends on the continued service of our founders and officers, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.
In addition, our founders and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have
conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our
founders or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our founders or officers could have a detrimental effect on
us. 

37 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory
positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you
that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or
consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our
company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination
and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would
render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention
or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

Our officers, directors and advisory board members
will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote
to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers, directors and advisory board members
are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their
time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time
employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for
which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per
week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers , directors 
and advisory board members other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess
of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business
affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and
any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial business combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently
has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved
in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed
by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and
(ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter
which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

38 

In addition, our sponsor and our officers and
directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures
during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional
conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would
materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial business combination. 

For a complete discussion of our officers 
and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers, Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

Our officers, directors, security holders and
their respective affiliates, including Patria, may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates, including Patria, from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest
in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may
enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors, officers or funds managed
by certain of our affiliates, including Patria. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their
own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
interests and ours. 

The personal and financial interests of our directors
and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination.
Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in
a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate
and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter
of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders 
rights. See the section titled Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest 
for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against
them for such reason. 

We may engage in a business combination with
one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors, funds
managed by certain of our affiliates, including Patria, or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our sponsor,
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers,
directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, including Patria. Our directors also serve as officers
and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for business combination
opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our
initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, including entities affiliated with Patria, and there
have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be
specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, including Patria, we would pursue such a
transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Item 1.
Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial
Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. We would
not be required to obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination is fair to
our public shareholders from a financial point of view. We are dependent on, and may have conflicts of interests with, Patria. We
expect to rely on Patria s experience, reputation, region-wide network, as well as its scalable process, investment teams and
analytical tools in sourcing, conducting due diligence, and managing investments to be able to (i) successfully identify a suitable
candidate for our initial business combination, (ii) source and consummate one or more business combinations, and (iii) improve the
target business s operations and accelerate its growth, among other goals. Despite our efforts, there is no assurance that our
reliance on Patria may result in an initial business combination or in positive results to our shareholders. Also, our sponsor, and
certain of our officers, directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, including Patria, may have
interests that conflict with ours. Despite being subject to approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors
regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or
international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors, existing holders or funds managed by certain of our
affiliates, including Patria, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business
combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any dependence on Patria or conflicts of
interest. 

39 

Certain members of our board of directors and
management team may be involved in and have a greater financial interest in the performance of other entities affiliated with our sponsor,
including Patria, and such activities may create conflicts of interest in making decisions on our behalf. 

Certain of our directors and members of our management
team may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest relating to their responsibilities to our sponsor and its other affiliates,
including Patria. Such individuals may serve as members of management or a board of directors (or in similar such capacity) to various
other affiliated entities. Such positions may create a conflict between the advice and investment opportunities provided to such entities
and the responsibilities owed to us. The other entities in which such individuals may currently be or may become involved may have investment
objectives that overlap with ours. Furthermore, certain of our principals and employees may have a greater financial interest in the performance
of such other affiliated entities, including Patria, than our performance. Such involvement may create conflicts of interest in sourcing
investment opportunities on our behalf and on behalf of such other entities. 

Changes in the market for directors and officers
liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and
officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for
directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies
have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business
combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company,
the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to
obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability
to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business
combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims, or run-off insurance. The
need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our
ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in
funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only
in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the
conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by 15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate
our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material
provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public
shares if we have not completed an initial business combination by 15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to
21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in our
final prospectus), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have
any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the funds held in the trust account.
Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

40 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

We have been approved to list our units on Nasdaq.
Following the date that the Class A ordinary shares and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the Class A ordinary
shares and warrants will be separately listed on Nasdaq. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet on a pro forma
basis Nasdaq s minimum initial listing standards, which generally only require that we meet certain requirements relating to shareholders 
equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that
our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order
to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution
and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholder s equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum
number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s
continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price
would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our shareholder s equity would generally be required to be at least
 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If Nasdaq were to delist any of our securities
prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, or we were to voluntarily delist our securities prior to such time, we would
no longer be required to complete a business combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held
in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions held in the trust account). This would allow us to acquire
a target business valued substantially below the amount of funds in our trust account. 

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from
trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities
 could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could
face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will
 require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules
 and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually
our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary s hares and warrants will qualify
as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute
does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then
the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these
powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities
regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of
securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify
as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

41 

Holders of our public shares are not entitled
to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial business combination. 

Prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting. Holders of our public shares will not be
entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. Accordingly, holders of our public shares may not have any say in the
management of our company prior to the completion of an initial business combination. 

You are not entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale
of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has
not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because
we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 as of the completion of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants and
we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated
by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections
of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable and we have a longer period of time to complete our
initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our IPO were subject to Rule 419, that rule would have
prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account
were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the
shares sold in our IPO without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting
our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination.
Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and
you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will
not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, you
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares
in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

42 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of our warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such
court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect
to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result
in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, 

each
 of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition,
 we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations
 that we are not subject to. 

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of ou r
assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete
a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-business combination business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to
buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to
be a passive investor. 

43 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in
United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in
other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted
at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or
private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act. Our IPO was not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The
trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial
business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial business combination by
15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial
business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), our return of the funds held in the trust account
to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may
be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with
these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability
to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive
their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless. 

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants
unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. 

If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares
upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire
worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units have paid the full unit purchase price solely
for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. 

We have not registered, and will not register,
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time.
However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business
days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
thereafter will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial
business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth
in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or
correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 

If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to
exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis, in which
case the number of Class A ordinary shares that the holders of warrants will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula
subject to a maximum number of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash
or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance
of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
from registration or qualification is available. 

44 

If our Class A ordinary shares are at the time
of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities 
under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants
to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in
the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares
underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is
not available. 

In no event will we be required to net cash settle
any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants
in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state
securities laws. Our ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis after we call the warrants
for redemption or if there is no effective registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these
warrants will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received
had they been able to pay the exercise price of their warrants in cash. 

If we call the warrants for redemption, we will
have the option, in our sole discretion, to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis under certain
circumstances described in the prospectus for our IPO. If we choose to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
or if holders elect to do so when there is no effective registration statement, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder
upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his or her warrant for cash. For example, if the holder
is exercising 875 public warrants at 11.50 per share through a cashless exercise when the Class A ordinary shares have a fair market
value of 17.50 per share when there is no effective registration statement, then upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive
300 Class A ordinary shares. The holder would have received 875 Class A ordinary shares if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will
have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder
will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial
shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees
can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may
demand that we register such units, shares, warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear
the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in
the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration
rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target
business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders, holders
of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares
or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business
combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at
the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute
the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 177,000,000 and 14,250,000
authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not
take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B
ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares may be converted into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following
the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. We have, there will be no preferred shares issued and
outstanding. 

45 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion
of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio
greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein.
However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or
(ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 21 months from
the closing of our IPO or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder
vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preferred shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our IPO; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued
 with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

We cannot assure you that we will not seek to
amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for
us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a business combination,
special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination,
increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants,
amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of
a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant
agreement will require a vote of holders of at least a majority of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the
terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, a majority
of the then outstanding private placement warrants (except for provisions of the warrant agreement enabling amendments without shareholder
or warrant holder that are necessary or advisable in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then
existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements, provided that any modifications
or amendments that would increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in
accordance with the warrant agreement). In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide
our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within by
15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial
business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed
to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption
from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments
or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

46 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing
the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (or 65 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the
company with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account), which is a lower amendment
threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders
may not support. 

Certain other blank check companies have a provision
in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business
combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these
provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement
to deposit proceeds from our IPO and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified
circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution
under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote
at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust
account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. Our
initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our IPO, will participate in any
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote
in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and
this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against
us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by 15 months after the closing of our IPO
on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with
the terms described in our final prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary
shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements
and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements.
As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

47 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a
manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants, or for amendments necessary for the warrants to be classified as equity. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants
could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant
could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants were issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that
the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any shareholder or warrant holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
defective provision or to make any amendments that are necessary in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into
account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified as equity in our financial statements (provided that
any modifications or amendments that would increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the
warrant holders in accordance with the warrant agreement), but otherwise requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of
the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants;
provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement
solely with respect to the private placement warrants will also require at least a majority of the then outstanding private placement
warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants (i) in a manner adverse to a holder of public warrants if holders
of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment or (ii) to the extent necessary for the warrants
in the good faith determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants
to be classified as equity in our financial statements without the consent of any shareholder or warrant holder (provided that any modifications
or amendments that would increase the warrant price or shorten the exercise period shall require the approval of the warrant holders in
accordance with the warrant agreement). Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a
majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things,
increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number
of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable
for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not
the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary
shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive
a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make
it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

If (i) we issue additional ordinary shares or
equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued
Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of
the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and
(iii) the Market Value of our Class A ordinary shares is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger
price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the
 10.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

48 

Our warrants are expected to be accounted for
as a warrant liability and will be recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which
may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
business combination. 

Following the consummation of our IPO and the
concurrent private placement of warrants, we issued an aggregate of 23,000,000 warrants in connection with our IPO (comprised of the 10,000,000
warrants included in the units and the 13,000,000 private placement warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity.
Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded
as a liability. Accordingly, we account for these as a warrant liability and record at fair value upon issuance any changes in fair value
each period reported in earnings as determined by us based upon a valuation report obtained from an independent third party valuation
firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In
addition, potential targets may seek a business combination that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability,
which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, if, among other things,
the last reported sales price of our Class A ordinary shares, or Reference Value, equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for
share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). Please see Description of Securities Warrants 
Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 
of our final prospectus, incorporated by reference herein. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption
of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a
time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise
wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption,
we expect would be substantially less than the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading
day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination, or Market Value, of your
warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among
other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number
of our Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. Please
see Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption of Warrants When the Price
per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 of our final prospectus. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (1)
may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share
price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares
received is capped at 0.361 of our Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the
warrants. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase 11,500,000 Class
A ordinary shares as part of the units in connection with our IPO and, simultaneously, issued in a private placement an aggregate of 14,500,000
private placement warrants, at 1.00 per warrant. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert those loans
into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. To the extent we issue ordinary shares
to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon
exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will
increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete
the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost
of acquiring the target business. 

49 

Because each unit contains one-half of one warrant
and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. 

Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon
exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to
the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings
similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components
of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants
will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares, rather than units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase
one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure
may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best
interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of
and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that
otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Since only holders of our founder shares will
have the right to vote on the election of directors, upon the listing of our shares on Nasdaq, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 

Only holders of our founder shares will have the
right to vote on the election of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning
of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting
power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain
corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we
 have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined
 under the rules of Nasdaq; 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board of directors that is comprised entirely of independent
 directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities;
 and 

to
 the extent that we have one, we expect our nominating and corporate governance committee
 to be comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s
 purpose and responsibilities. 

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and
intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine
in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies
that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 

50 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign
Countries, in Particular in Latin America 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. 

We intend to pursue a target company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, which may subject us to additional burdens in connection
with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination,
we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border
business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting
due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes
in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial business combination
with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
setting, including any of the following: 

costs
 and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, including differences
 between U.S. GAAP and the International Accounting Standards; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange
 listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

local
 or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges
 in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer
 payment cycles; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation; 

challenges
 in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

underdeveloped
 or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

51 

corruption; 

protection
 of intellectual property; 

social
 unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime
 changes and political upheaval; 

natural
 disasters and public health events; 

terrorist
 attacks and wars; and 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these addition al risks. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial
business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our management following our initial business
combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws,
which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business combination, our
management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time
of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities
laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our
operations. 

After our initial business combination, substantially
all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such
country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and
social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future
such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

We will be exposed to certain risks that are
particular to investing in Latin America and other emerging markets. 

In seeking significant investment exposure in
Latin American countries, we are subject to political, economic, legal, operational and other risks that are inherent to operating and
investing in these countries. These risks range from challenges in finding suitable acquisition targets to difficulties in settling transactions
markets and operating businesses once acquired. Countries in Latin America have, at times and to varying degrees, experienced periods
of economic contraction, political instability, civil strife, organized crime, corruption and other adverse conditions. The economies
of these countries are susceptible to fluctuations in certain global commodity prices and are also impacted by adverse developments in
other markets. Additionally, countries in the region tend to have significant physical and digital infrastructure deficiencies, as compared
to the United States. Governments in Latin America have in the past made significant policy and regulatory shifts in response to social
pressures, including changes in taxation. Moreover, these governments have, at times, exercised a significant degree of control over the
private sector, including due to possible nationalization, expropriation, price controls and other restrictive governmental actions. We
could also face the risk that exchange or capital controls or similar restrictions imposed by foreign governmental authorities may restrict
our ability to convert local currency received or held by us in their countries into U.S. dollars or other currencies, or to take those
dollars or other currencies out of those countries. 

52 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies
may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all
revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if
any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate
and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency
against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business
combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior
to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may
make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements,
we may not be able to enforce our legal rights and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

In connection with our initial business combination,
we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the
laws of such jurisdiction would govern our company s charter documents; may govern some or all of our future material agreements;
may differ from the laws of the Cayman Islands or the United States and may subject us to foreign regulations that could affect our business.
The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation
as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant
loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 

In addition, if we determine to relocate the home
jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction, our initial business combination may require a shareholder
or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which
its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity (or may otherwise result in adverse tax consequences). We do not intend to
make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding
taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

The majority of our directors and officers live
outside the United States and all of our assets are located outside the United States, which may continue to be the case after our initial
business combination; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

The majority of our directors and officers live
outside of the United States and all of our assets are located outside of the United States, which may continue to be the case after our
initial business combination. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce
their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts
predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

We are subject to changing law and regulations
regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and regulations by various
governing bodies, including, for example, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which are charged with the protection of investors
and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law.
Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general
and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

Moreover, these laws, regulations and standards
and their interpretations and application may also evolve over time. This evolution may result in additional costs necessitated by ongoing
revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. In addition, our failure to comply with existing and future applicable laws or regulations,
as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our
initial business combination, and results of operations. 

53 

We employ a mail forwarding service, which may
delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner. 

Mail addressed to the company and received at
its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by the company to be dealt with. None of the company,
its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman
Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability
to communicate with us. 

We may be subject to an excise tax under the newly enacted
Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in connection with redemptions of our ordinary shares after December 31, 2022 . 

The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, enacted in
August 2022, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by covered corporations beginning in
2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
stockholders. Because we are a blank check Cayman Islands corporations with no subsidiaries or previous merger or acquisition
activity, we are not currently a covered corporation for this purpose. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally equal to
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax,
repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock
repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, there are certain other exceptions to the Excise Tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to issue regulations or other guidance to carry out, and to prevent the
avoidance of, the Excise Tax. The Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service recently have issued preliminary guidance regarding the application
of this excise tax, but there can be no assurance that this guidance will be finally adopted in its current form. A repurchase that occurs
in connection with a business combination with a U.S. target company might be subject to the Excise Tax, depending on the structure of
the business combination and other transactions that might be engaged in during the relevant year. 

We believe that we were a passive foreign investment
company, or PFIC, for our 2021 taxable year, and we may be a PFIC for our 2022 and current taxable year, which could result
in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion
thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of our final prospectus captioned Taxation U.S.
Federal Income Tax Considerations of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Based upon the composition of our income and assets,
we believe that we were a PFIC in our 2021 taxable year. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether
we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of our final prospectus captioned Taxation U.S. Federal Income
Tax Considerations Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules ). Depending on the particular circumstances, the application
of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception.
Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. 

Our actual PFIC status for our 2022 and current
taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the start-up exception,
potentially not until after the taxable year following our current taxable year). Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable
year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder a PFIC Annual Information Statement in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and
maintain a qualified electing fund election, which could mitigate certain of the adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences
of our PFIC status to U.S. investors, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election
would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisers regarding the possible
application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed explanation of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders, see the
section of our final prospectus captioned Taxation U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations Passive Foreign Investment
Company Rules. 

After our initial business combination, it is
possible that a majority of our directors and officers live outside the United States and all of our assets are located outside the United
States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our initial business
combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets are located outside
of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their
legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

54 

Certain Factors Relating to Latin America 

Governments have a high degree of influence
in the economies in which we plan to operate. The effects of this influence and political and economic conditions in Latin America could
harm us and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Governments in many of the markets in which we
currently, or may in the future, operate, frequently exercise significant influence over their respective economies and occasionally
makes significant changes in policy and regulations. Government actions to control inflation and other policies and regulations have
often involved, among other measures, increases or decreases in interest rates, changes in fiscal policies, wage and price controls,
foreign exchange rate controls, blocking access to bank accounts, currency devaluations, capital controls and import and export restrictions.
We have no control over and cannot predict what measures o r policies governments
may take in the future. We and the market price of our securities may be harmed by changes in government policies, as well as general
economic factors, including, without limitation: 

growth
 or downturn of the relevant economy; 

interest
 rates and monetary policies; 

exchange
 rates and currency fluctuations; 

inflation; 

liquidity
 of the capital and lending markets; 

import
 and export controls; 

exchange
 controls and restrictions on remittances abroad and payments of dividends; 

modifications
 to laws and regulations according to political, social and economic interests; 

fiscal
 policy and changes in tax laws and related interpretations by tax authorities; 

economic,
 political and social instability, including general strikes and mass demonstrations; 

the
 regulatory framework governing the financial services industry; 

labor
 and social security regulations; 

energy
 and water shortages and rationing; 

commodity
 prices; 

natural
 disasters; 

public
 health, including as a result of epidemics and pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

changes
 in demographics; and 

other
 political, diplomatic, social and economic developments in or affecting Latin America. 

Uncertainty
over whether Latin American governments will implement reforms or changes in policy or regulation affecting these or other factors
in the future may affect economic performance and contribute to economic uncertainty in Latin America, such as increased tax uncertainty
regarding the tax authorities interpretations of applicable tax laws and exemptions, which may have an adverse effect on our activities
and consequently our operating results, and may also adversely affect the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Recent economic and political instability in Brazil,
for instance, has led to a general negative perception of the Brazilian economy and higher volatility in the Brazilian securities markets,
which also may adversely affect us and our Class A ordinary shares. See The ongoing economic uncertainty and political instability
in Latin America, including as a result of ongoing corruption investigations, may harm us and the price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

55 

Developments
and the perceptions of risks in other countries, including other emerging markets, the United States and Europe, may harm the economy
of the countries in which we operate and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The
market for securities offered by companies with significant operations in Latin America is influenced by political, economic and market
conditions in the region and, to varying degrees, market conditions in other emerging markets, as well as the United States, Europe and
other countries. To the extent the conditions of the global markets or economy deteriorate, the business of companies with significant
operations in Latin America may be harmed. The weakness in the global economy has been marked by, among other adverse factors, lower
levels of consumer and corporate confidence, decreased business investment and consumer spending, increased unemployment, reduced income
and asset values in many areas, reduction of China s growth rate, currency volatility and limited availability of credit and access
to capital, in addition to significant uncertainty results from the current COVID-19 pandemic. Developments or economic conditions in
other emerging market countries have at times significantly affected the availability of credit to companies with significant operations
in Latin America and resulted in considerable outflows of funds from Latin American countries, decreasing the amount of foreign investments
in the region. 

Crises
and political instability in other emerging market countries, the United States, Europe or other countries, including increased international
trade tensions and protectionist policies, could decrease investor demand for securities offered by companies with significant operations
in Brazil and Latin America, such as our Class A ordinary shares. For example, in 2019, political and social unrest in Latin American
countries, including Ecuador, Chile, Bolivia and Colombia sparked political demonstrations and, in some instances, violence. In October
2019, presidential elections were held in Bolivia, Uruguay and Argentina. Controversial outcomes in Bolivia and Uruguay led to violent
protests and claims of fraudulent elections in Bolivia and a runoff election in Uruguay. Similarly, Chile experienced political unrest
and social strife, including a wave of protests and riots, beginning on October 18, 2019, sparked by an increase in the subway fare of
the Santiago Metro and widened to reflect anger over living costs and inequality. These developments, as well as potential crises and
other forms of political instability or any other as of yet unforeseen development, may harm our business and the trading price of our
Class A ordinary shares. 

The
ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine may have repercussions on the world s geopolitical and economic scenarios. 

The
ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has provoked strong reactions from the United States, the UK, the EU and various
other countries around the world, including from the members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or NATO. Following
Russia s invasion of Ukraine beginning on February 24, 2022, the United States, the UK, the EU and other countries announced broad
economic sanctions against Russia, including financial measures such as freezing Russia s central bank assets, limiting its ability
to access its dollar reserves, the US, the EU and the UK have also banned people and businesses from dealings with the Russian central
bank, its finance ministry and its wealth funds, selected Russian banks will also be removed from Swift messaging system, which enables
the smooth transfer of money across borders. Other sanctions by the UK include major Russian banks from the UK financial system, stopping
them from accessing sterling and clearing payments, excluding major Russian companies and the state will be stopped from raising finances
or borrowing money on the UK markets, and establishment of limits on deposits Russians can make at UK banks. The US, the EU and the UK
adopted personal measures, such as sanctions on individuals with close ties to Mr. Putin, and placed visa restrictions on several oligarchs,
as well as their family members and close associates, and froze their assets. 

While
the precise effect of the ongoing armed conflict and these sanctions on the Russian and global economies remains uncertain, should tensions
continue to increase, markets may face continued volatility as well as economic and security consequences including, but not limited
to, supply shortages of different kinds, increases in prices of commodities, including piped gas, oil and agricultural goods, among others.
Given that Russia and Ukraine are among the largest grain exporters in the world, impacts on financial markets, inflation, interest rates,
unemployment and other matters could affect the global economy that is currently recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Particularly, these effects could result in increased inflation in Brazil and in measures by the Brazilian government to contain inflation,
such as raising the basic interest rate, which could materially impact the cost of debt and third-party capital for financing and investing
activities across industries. 

Other
potential consequences include, but are not limited to, growth in the number of popular uprisings in the region, increased political
discontent, especially in the regions most affected by the conflict or economic sanctions, an increase in cyberterrorism activities and
attacks, exodus to regions close to the areas of conflict and an increase in the number of refugees fleeing across Europe, among other
unforeseen social and humanitarian effects. 

56 

As
our target business may operate globally, the adverse effects global or localized of the ongoing conflict between Russia
and Ukraine, and/or economic sanctions and import and/or export controls to be imposed on the Russian government by the United States,
the UK, the EU or others, could materially affect our operations, expansion plans, and ultimately our results. 

The
ongoing economic uncertainty and political instability in Brazil, including as a result of ongoing corruption investigations, may harm
us and the price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

The
ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine has provoked strong reactions from the United States, the UK, the EU and various
other countries around the world, including from the members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or NATO. Following
Russia s invasion of Ukraine beginning on February 24, 2022, the United States, the UK, the EU and other countries announced broad
economic sanctions against Russia, including financial measures such as freezing Russia s central bank assets, limiting
its ability to access its dollar reserves, the US, the EU and the UK have also banned people and businesses from dealings with the Russian
central bank, its finance ministry and its wealth funds, selected Russian banks will also be removed from Swift messaging system, which
enables the smooth transfer of money across borders. Other sanctions by the UK include major Russian banks from the UK financial system,
stopping them from accessing sterling and clearing payments, excluding major Russian companies and the state will be stopped from raising
finances or borrowing money on the UK markets, and establishment of limits on deposits Russians can make at UK banks. The US, the EU
and the UK adopted personal measures, such as sanctions on individuals with close ties to Mr. Putin, and placed visa restrictions on
several oligarchs, as well as their family members and close associates, and froze their assets. 

While
the precise effect of the ongoing armed conflict and these sanctions on the Russian and global economies remains uncertain, should tensions
continue to increase, markets may face continued volatility as well as economic and security consequences including, but not limited
to, supply shortages of different kinds, increases in prices of commodities, including piped gas, oil and agricultural goods, among others.
Given that Russia and Ukraine are among the largest grain exporters in the world, impacts on financial markets, inflation, interest rates,
unemployment and other matters could affect the global economy that is currently recovering from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Particularly, these effects could result in increased inflation in Brazil and in measures by the Brazilian government to contain inflation,
such as raising the basic interest rate, which could materially impact the cost of debt and third-party capital for financing and investing
activities across industries. 

Other
potential consequences include, but are not limited to, growth in the number of popular uprisings in the region, increased political
discontent, especially in the regions most affected by the conflict or economic sanctions, an increase in cyberterrorism activities and
attacks, exodus to regions close to the areas of conflict and an increase in the number of refugees fleeing across Europe, among other
unforeseen social and humanitarian effects. 

As
our target business may operate globally, the adverse effects global or localized of the ongoing conflict between Russia
and Ukraine, and/or economic sanctions and import and/or export controls to be imposed on the Russian government by the United States,
the UK, the EU or others, could materially affect our operations, expansion plans, and ultimately our results. 

Inflation
and government measures to curb inflation may adversely affect the economies and capital markets in some of the countries in which we
operate, and as a result, harm our business and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

In
the past, high levels of inflation have adversely affected the economies and financial markets of some of the countries in which we operate,
particularly Argentina and Brazil, and the ability of their governments to create conditions that stimulate or maintain economic growth.
Moreover, governmental measures to curb inflation and speculation about possible future governmental measures have contributed to the
negative economic impact of inflation and have created general economic uncertainty and heightened volatility in the capital markets.
As part of these measures, governments have at times maintained a restrictive monetary policy and high interest rates that have limited
the availability of credit and economic growth. 

57 

According
to the National Consumer Price Index ndice Nacional de Pre os ao Consumidor Amplo ), or IPCA, which is published
by the Brazilian Institute for Geography and Statistics Instituto Brasileiro de Geografia e Estat stica ), or IBGE, Brazilian
inflation rates were 10.1 , 4.5 and 4.3 for the years ended as of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Brazil may experience
high levels of inflation in the future and inflationary pressures may lead to the Brazilian government s intervening in the economy
and introducing policies that could harm our business and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. One of the tools used by
the Brazilian government to control inflation levels is its monetary policy, specifically relating to interest rates. An increase in
the interest rate restricts the availability of credit and reduces economic growth, and vice versa. During recent years there has been
significant volatility in the official Brazilian interest rate, which ranged from 14.25 on December 31, 2015, to 2.00 on December 31,
2020. This rate is set by the Monetary Policy Committee of the Central Bank Comit de Pol tica Monet ria ),
or COPOM. On February 7, 2018, the Monetary Policy Committee reduced the base interest rate Sistema Especial de Liquida o
e Cust dia , or SELIC rate) to 6.75 and further reduced the SELIC rate to 6.50 on March 22, 2018. The Monetary Policy Committee
reconfirmed the SELIC rate of 6.50 on May 16, 2018 and subsequently on June 20, 2018. As of December 31, 2018, the SELIC rate was 6.50 .
The Monetary Policy Committee reconfirmed the SELIC rate of 6.50 on February 6, 2019, but reduced the SELIC rate to 6.00 on August
1, 2019, further reduced the rate to 5.50 on October 30, 2019 and further reduced the rate to 4.50 on December 12, 2019. On February
6, 2020, the Monetary Policy Committee reduced the SELIC rate to 4.25 , on March 19, 2020, further reduced the rate to 3.75 , on May
7, 2020, further reduced the rate to 3.00 , on June 18, 2020, further reduced the rate to 2.25 and on August 6, 2020, further reduced
the rate to 2.00 . On March 18, 2021, the Monetary Policy Committee raised the SELIC rate to 2.75 and further raised the rate to 3.50 
on May 5, 2021, to 5.25 on August 4, 2021, to 6.25 on September 22, 2021, to 7.75 on October 28, 2021, to 9.25 as of December 19,
2021, to 10.75 on February 2, 2022, to 11.75 on March 16, 2022, to 12.75 on May 5, 2022, and to 13.25 on June 16, 2022. As of March
28, 2023, the SELIC rate was 13.75 . Conversely, more lenient government and Central Bank policies and interest rate decreases
have triggered and may continue to trigger increases in inflation and, consequently, growth volatility and the need for sudden and significant
interest rate increases, which could negatively affect us and increase our target business indebtedness. Any change in interest rates,
in particular any volatile swings, could adversely affect our growth, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our target
business. 

In
addition, as of July 1, 2018, Argentina is considered highly inflationary under U.S. GAAP. Although inflation rates in certain of the
other countries in which we operate have been relatively low in the recent past, we cannot assure you that this trend will continue.
The measures taken by the governments of these countries to control inflation have often included maintaining a tight monetary policy
with high interest rates, thereby restricting the availability of credit and retarding economic growth. Inflation, measures to combat
inflation and public speculation about possible additional actions have also contributed materially to economic uncertainty in many of
these countries and to heightened volatility in their securities markets. Periods of higher inflation may also slow the growth rate of
local economies that could lead to reduced demand for the products and services of our target business. Inflation is also likely to increase
some costs and expenses of our target business, which the target business may not be able to fully pass on to customers and which could
adversely affect our operating margins and operating income. 

Exchange
rate instability may have adverse effects on the Brazilian economy, our business and the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Our
functional currency is the U.S. dollar. The Brazilian currency has been historically volatile and has been devalued frequently over the
past three decades. Throughout this period, the Brazilian government has implemented various economic plans and used various exchange
rate policies, including sudden devaluations, periodic mini-devaluations (during which the frequency of adjustments has ranged from daily
to monthly), exchange controls, dual exchange rate markets and a floating exchange rate system. Although long-term depreciation of the
Brazilian real is generally linked to the rate of inflation in Brazil, depreciation of the real occurring over shorter
periods of time has resulted in significant variations in the exchange rate between the real , the U.S. dollar and other currencies.
In 2017, the real depreciated by 1 , with the exchange rate reaching R 3.308 per US 1.00 on December 31, 2017. In 2018, the real
 depreciated an additional 18 , to R 3.875 per US 1.00 on December 31, 2018. In 2019, the real depreciated an additional 4 
to R 4.031 per US 1.00 on December 31, 2019. The real /U.S. dollar exchange rate reported by the Central Bank was R 5.197 per US 1.00
on December 31, 2020, which reflected a 29 depreciation of the real against the U.S. dollar during 2020 due primarily to the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Brazilian economy. The real /U.S. dollar exchange rate reported by the Central Bank was
R 5.581 per US 1.00 on December 31, 2021, which reflected a 7 depreciation of the real against the U.S. dollar during 2021 due
primarily to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Brazilian economy. The real /U.S. dollar exchange rate reported by the
Central Bank was R 5.218 per US 1.00 on December 31, 2022, which reflected a 7 appreciation of the real against the U.S. dollar
during 2022 due primarily to the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Brazilian economy. As of March 28, 2023, the
 real /U.S. dollar exchange rate reported by the Central Bank was R 5.173 per US 1.00, an appreciation of 0.9 of the
 real since December 31, 2022. There can be no assurance that the real will not appreciate or further depreciate against
the U.S. dollar or other currencies in the future. 

58 

A
devaluation of the real relative to the U.S. dollar could create inflationary pressures in Brazil and cause the Brazilian government
to, among other measures, increase interest rates. Any depreciation of the real may generally restrict access to the international
capital markets. It would also reduce the U.S. dollar value of our results of operations. Restrictive macroeconomic policies could reduce
the stability of the Brazilian economy and harm our results of operations and profitability. In addition, domestic and international
reactions to restrictive economic policies could have a negative impact on the Brazilian economy. These policies and any reactions to
them may harm us by curtailing access to foreign financial markets and prompting further government intervention. A devaluation of the
 real relative to the U.S. dollar may also, as in the context of the current economic slowdown, decrease consumer spending, increase
deflationary pressures and reduce economic growth. 

On
the other hand, an appreciation of the real relative to the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies may deteriorate the Brazilian
foreign exchange current accounts. Depending on the circumstances, either devaluation or appreciation of the real relative to
the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies could restrict the growth of the Brazilian economy, and affect our business, results of
operations and profitability. 

We
will be subject to significant foreign currency exchange controls and currency devaluation in certain countries in which we may operate. 

Certain
Latin American economies have experienced shortages in foreign currency reserves and their respective governments have adopted restrictions
on the ability to transfer funds out of the country and convert local currencies into U.S. dollars. This may increase our costs and limit
our ability to convert local currency into U.S. dollars and transfer funds out of certain countries, including for the purchase of dollar-denominated
inputs, the payment of dividends or the payment of interest or principal on our outstanding debt. In the event that any of our subsidiaries
may be unable to transfer funds to us in the future due to currency restrictions, we are responsible for any resulting shortfall. 

Since
September 2019, the current Argentine government has tightened restrictions on capital flows and imposed exchange controls and transfer
restrictions, substantially limiting the ability of companies to retain foreign currency or make payments outside of Argentina. Furthermore,
the Central Bank of Argentina implemented regulations requiring its prior approval for certain foreign exchange transactions otherwise
authorized to be carried out under the applicable regulations, such as dividend payments or repayment of principal of inter-company loans
as well as the import of goods. As a consequence of the re-imposition of exchange controls, the spread between the official exchange
rate and other exchange rates resulting implicitly from certain capital market operations usually effected to obtain U.S. dollars has
broadened significantly. The implementation of the above-mentioned measures could impact our ability to transfer funds outside of Argentina
in the future and may prevent or delay payments that Argentine portfolio companies may be required to make outside Argentina, if any.
As a result, if we are prohibited from transferring funds out of Argentina, or if we become subject to similar restrictions in other
countries in which we operate, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition,
the continuing devaluation of the Argentine peso since the end of 2015 has led to higher inflation levels, has significantly reduced
competitiveness, real wages and consumption and has had a negative impact on businesses whose success is dependent on domestic market
demand and supplies payable in foreign currency. Further currency devaluations in any of the countries in which we operate could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

59 

We
and our target business are subject to review by taxing authorities, and an incorrect interpretation by us of tax laws and regulations
may have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our
activities will require the use of estimates and interpretations of complex tax laws and regulations and are subject to review by taxing
authorities. We and our target business may be subject to the income and investment tax laws of Brazil and the other jurisdictions in
which we expect to operate. These tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and relevant governmental
taxing authorities, leading to disputes which are sometimes subject to prolonged evaluation periods until a final resolution is reached.
In making investment decisions or in establishing a provision for income tax expense and filing returns, we must make judgments and interpretations
about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. If the judgment, estimates and assumptions we use in making our investment
decisions or in preparing our tax returns are subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a material adverse effect on us. The
interpretations of Brazilian taxing authorities and the other jurisdictions in which we operate are unpredictable and frequently involve
litigation, which introduces further uncertainty and risk as to tax expense. 

Infrastructure
and workforce deficiency in Latin America may impact economic growth and have a material adverse effect on us and our target business. 

After
our business combination, our performance will depend in part on the overall health and growth of the Latin American economy, especially
in Brazil. Brazilian GDP growth has fluctuated over the past few years, with contractions of 3.5 and 3.3 in 2015 and 2016, respectively,
followed by growth of 1.3 , 1.8 and 1.4 in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. In 2020, Brazilian GDP contracted by 4.1 . Growth is
limited by inadequate infrastructure, including potential energy shortages and deficient transportation, logistics and telecommunication
sectors, general strikes, the lack of a qualified labor force, and the lack of private and public investments in these areas, which limit
productivity and efficiency. Additionally, despite our plans to adopt business continuity and crisis management policies, travel restrictions
or potential impacts on personnel due to the COVID-19 pandemic may disrupt our target business operations and the markets in which it
operates. Any of these factors could lead to labor market volatility and generally impact income, purchasing power and consumption levels,
which could limit growth and ultimately have a material adverse effect on us and our target business. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic is expected to continue to have a negative impact on global, regional and national economies, and we would be materially
adversely affected by a protracted economic downturn. 

The
current COVID-19 pandemic is expected to continue to have a negative impact on global, regional and national economies and to disrupt
supply chains and otherwise reduce international trade and business activity. Reflecting this, the COVID-19 pandemic has already caused,
since February 2020, the levels of equity and other financial markets to decline sharply and to become volatile, and such effects may
continue or worsen in the future. This may in turn further impact the stock market and private equity markets in Brazil and elsewhere
in Latin America, which may impact our future business in Latin America and our resulting business combination operations. The market
declines and volatility could negatively our operations causing us to incur losses as well as result in the postponement or cancellation
of expansion plans or mergers and acquisitions thereby reducing our future growth prospects, among others. The economic slowdown and
market downturn could also negatively impact our target business performance through lower demand for its products or services and higher
than expected losses, potentially leading our investors to redirect investments away from us. The current COVID-19 pandemic and its continued
impact on the global economy may affect our ability to meet our financial targets or business combination. While it is too early for
us to predict the impacts on our target business or our financial targets that the pandemic, and the governmental responses to it, may
have, we would be materially adversely affected by a protracted downturn in local, regional or global economic conditions. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Property 

None. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

To
the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us
or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

60 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a)
Market Information 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols PLAOU, PLAO and PLAOW, 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on March 10, 2022. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on
May 4, 2022. 

(b)
Holders 

As of March 29, 2023, there was one holder of
record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, four holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two
holders of record of our warrants. 

(c)
Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e)
Performance Graph 

Not
applicable. 

(f)
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered
Sales 

In
March 2021, one of our officers paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs, in exchange
for an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares, which were temporarily issued to such officer and, on April 7, 2021, transferred to our
sponsor in April 2021. In February 2022, our sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares for no consideration, remaining with 5,750,000
founder shares. Immediately prior to our IPO, our sponsor transferred 25,000 of our founder shares to each of our three independent directors.
Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by one of our officers, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible.
After our IPO, we had 5,750,000 outstanding founder shares, representing 20 of the outstanding shares at the time. The Class B founder
shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently or immediately following the consummation of our initial
business combination, at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B founder shares
will equal, in the aggregate on an as-converted basis, 20 of (i) the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such
conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including (ii) the total number
of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights
issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding
(x) any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to
be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, and (y) any private placement warrants to be issued to our sponsor, officers
or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than
one-for-one basis. 

61 

The
founder shares may be converted into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial
business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after
such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number
of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights
issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding
any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be
issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants to be issued to our sponsor, officers or
directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one
basis. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination,
the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Our
Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 14,500,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, or approximately
 14,500,000 in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our IPO. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per ordinary share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from our IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will
be non-redeemable (except as described under Description of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 of our final prospectus, incorporated by reference
herein) so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

Use
of Proceeds 

A
total of 236,900,000, comprised of 225,400,000 of the proceeds from the IPO, including 8,050,000 of the underwriter s deferred
discount, and 11,500,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

There
has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from such use as described in the Company s final prospectus. 

(g)
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

62 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
in this report (the Annual Report to we, us or the Company refer to Patria Latin
American Opportunity Acquisition Corp. (the Company ). References to our management or our management
team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Patria SPAC LLC. The following
discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may
differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the
section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Cayman Islands on February 25, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a
merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, ordinary share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or
more businesses, or the Business Combination. The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject
to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO, although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the
Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations
having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount
of deferred underwriting commission held in Trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement
to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company only intends to complete a Business Combination if the post-business
combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Upon the closing of the IPO, management has agreed that an amount equal
to at least 10.30 per Unit sold in the IPO, including the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, will be held in
a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting
as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the
earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. The Company
will provide the holders (the Public Shareholders of the Company s issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, sold in the IPO (the Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their
Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the
Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business
Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account.
The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, the Company will proceed with a Business
Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by
law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its
Amended and Restated Articles of Association (the Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to
completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to
obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect
to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares
(as defined below) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial
shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the
completion of a Business Combination. 

63 

The
Articles of Association will provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with
whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The holders of the Founder Shares (the initial shareholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation
to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or up to within 21 months if the
Company extends the period of time to consummate the Initial Business Combination in accordance with the terms described in the Company s
final prospectus) of the IPO (the Combination Period and the Company s shareholders have not amended the Articles
of Association to extend such Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem
the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations
under Cayman law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The
initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder
Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders acquire
Public Shares after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust if the Company fails to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission
held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in
such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption
of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available
for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only 10.30. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the
Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which
the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below (i) 10.30 per unit or (ii) the lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of
the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes,
provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to
seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event
that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust
Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements
with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

64 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from February 25, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described
below, and the Company s search for a target business with which to complete a Business Combination. We do not expect to
generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in
the form of realized gains on the investments held in the trust account. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection
with completing a Business Combination. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 we had a net income of 9,256,245 which consists of general and administrative expenses of 901,733
(made up of professional services fees of 414,769 and other general and administrative fees of 486,964), change in fair value of
derivative warrant liabilities of 7,060,500, realized gain on the investments held in the trust account of 3,411,986, and
transaction costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities of 314,508. 

For
the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 49,868 which consisted of formation costs. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern Consideration 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital of 230,865,720 including the Trust Account, deferred underwriting fees payable
and Derivative warrant liabilities. Working capital was 943,734 when marketable securities held in Trust Account, deferred underwriting
fees payable and Derivative warrant liabilities were excluded from the calculation. Of the net proceeds from the IPO and associated sale
of Private Placement Warrants, 236,900,000 of cash was placed in the Trust Account. The working capital surplus includes the amount
of restricted marketable securities held in the Trust Account, deferred underwriting fees payable and derivative warrant liabilities,
all of which have been classified as current at December 31, 2022 as a result of the Company being less than 12 months away from consuming
the assets held in the Trust Account to either consummate a business combination or to liquidate. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,156,250 which is made up of a net income of 9,256,245 and
changes in operating assets and liabilities, which used 254,517. These amounts were offset by realized gain on investments held in
Trust Account of 3,411,986, transaction costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities of 314,508 and the change in fair value of
derivative warrant liabilities of 7,060,500. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 236,900,000 which included the redemption of U.S. government
treasury obligations of 715,209,000, fully offset by the purchase of U.S. government treasury obligations of 715,209,000. Cash of 707,309
was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the Company s working capital purposes. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 707,309. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate
target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of
prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an Initial Business Combination, the Company s sponsor, or an affiliate of
the sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide Working Capital Loans to
the Company. As of December 31, 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

65 

If
the Company s estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking due diligence and negotiating an Initial Business
Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business
prior to an Initial Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete an Initial
Business Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of its Public Shares upon completion of an Initial
Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Initial Business
Combination. 

The
Company anticipates that the cash held outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to allow the Company
to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements, assuming that a Business Combination is not
consummated during that time. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying
existing accounts payable and accrued liabilities, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing
due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire,
and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued.
Management plans to address this uncertainty through the Business Combination as discussed above. In addition, the sponsor or an affiliate
of the sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may
be required under the Working Capital Loans. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate the Business Combination
will be successful or successful within the Combination Period or that the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain of the
Company s officers and directors will loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans. 

The
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Commitments
and Contractual Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 8,050,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will be waived by the
underwriters in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the date of the IPO, the Company pays the Sponsor or an affiliate a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities, secretarial
and administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred and paid 95,484 in administrative support fees. For the
period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 we did not incur or pay any fees. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, including any that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans,
if any (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, including any that may be
issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement
entered into prior to the consummation of the IPO. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration
rights. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company is not required to effect or permit any registration or
cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of
Regulation S-K. 

66 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

See
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 2 of the accompanying financial statements. 

JOBS
Act 

The
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain
reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act
are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies.
We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised
accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result,
the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company
effective dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth
public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted
by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until
we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

67 

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item. 

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-22 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 9.
Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief
financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.
Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

68 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Ricardo Leonel Scavazza 
 45 
 Chairman and Director 
 
 Alexandre Teixeira de Assump o Saigh 
 55 
 Director 
 
 Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 
 44 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Marco Nicola D Ippolito 
 46 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pedro Paulo Elejalde de Campos 
 67 
 Director 
 
 Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos 
 65 
 Director 
 
 Maria Cl udia Mello Guimar es 
 57 
 Director 

Our
directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Ricardo
Leonel Scavazza, Chairman and Director 

Ricardo
Leonel Scavazza is the Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Scavazza is a Managing Partner of Patria Investments Limited and is the
Chief Executive Officer Chief Investments Officer of Latin American Private Equity. Mr. Scavazza is responsible for all Latam Private
Equity strategy at Patria Investments Limited. Before taking over as CEO CIO for Private Equity Latam, Mr. Scavazza served as the
Head of Private Equity Strategy in Brazil. Mr. Scavazza joined Patrim nio in 1999, became a Partner in 2005, and has worked on
several new investments and acquisitions for the portfolio companies of Private Equity Funds I, II, III, IV and V. Mr. Scavazza held
operating roles in several investments, including a tenure as Chief Executive Officer at Anhanguera between 2009 and 2013. He was Chief
Financial Officer at DASA in 2001 and at Anhanguera Educacional from 2003 to 2006. Mr. Scavazza holds a bachelor s degree in Business
Administration and Management from Funda o Getulio Vargas (FGV) and the University of Texas at Austin. Mr. Scavazza also
holds a Master s in Business Administration and Management from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. 

Alexandre
Teixeira de Assump o Saigh, Director 

Alexandre
Teixeira de Assump o Saigh has served as the Director of the Board since our inception. Mr. Saigh is the Chief Executive
Officer and is a member of our Board of Directors at Patria Investments Limited since 2010. He is also one of our founding partners and
Chairman of our executive-level Private Equity Investment and Divestment Committee. Mr. Saigh is also a Senior Managing Partner of Patria
Investments Limited and an Executive Director of Patria Holdings Limited. Before taking the role as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Saigh
was primarily responsible for our Private Equity division being responsible for the start-up and development of this business within
Patria. He held and currently holds board member positions in several of our funds invested companies. Mr. Saigh was one of the
founders of Patria in 2001 (successor of Banco Patrim nio), developing and leading the efforts for Patria to become one of the
leading private markets firms in Latin America. Mr. Saigh joined Banco Patrim nio in 1994, as a Managing Partner responsible for
the development and execution of Patria Investments Limited s private equity business. Between 1994 and 1997, while developing
Patrim nio s private equity strategy, Mr. Saigh was Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Drogasil, one
of the leading drugstore chains in Brazil and Patria s first private equity investment. Prior to joining Patrim nio, Mr.
Saigh worked at J.P. Morgan Investment Bank from 1989 to 1994, as a Vice President for its private equity, corporate finance and M A
divisions. Mr. Saigh holds a bachelor s degree in Financial Management and Hotel Administration from Boston University and a Post-
Graduate Certificate of Special Studies in Administration and Management from Harvard University. 

69 

Jos 
Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira, Chief Executive Officer 

Jos 
Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira is our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Teixeira is a Partner of Patria Investments Limited,
where he currently serves as a member of its Management Committee and as Head of Marketing and Products. Mr. Teixeira is primarily responsible
for Patria s Global Product Marketing strategy and development as well as for leading distribution efforts in Brazil. Previously,
Mr. Teixeira served as the Head of Marketing and Investor Relations for Private Equity products between 2013 and 2020. From 2005 to 2013,
Mr. Teixeira was fully dedicated to Anhanguera Educacional, Patria s flagship investment in Education, where he held various senior
positions: he served as Chief Financial Officer between 2011 and 2013, including oversight over the company s robust M A program;
Investor Relations Officer between 2007 and 2013; Strategic, Commercial and Financial Planning Director between 2007 and 2011; and Financial
Planning Manager between 2005 and 2007. Prior to the investment in Anhanguera, Mr. Teixeira focused on the development of Patria Investments
Limited s post-secondary Education thesis and worked at Anhembi-Morumbi University. Prior to joining Patria in 2004, Mr. Teixeira
worked with the Latin American Research Sales team at Goldman Sachs in New York. Mr. Teixeira holds a bachelor s degree in Political
Science and Economics from Amherst College. 

Marco
Nicola D Ippolito, Chief Financial Officer 

Marco
Nicola D Ippolito has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception. Mr. D Ippolito is also Managing Partner
 Chief Financial Officer of Patria Investments Limited. Mr. D Ippolito is a member of Patria Investments Limited s Management
Committee and is primarily responsible for finance, operations, shareholders relations, fund administration, legal, compliance, technology
and governance. Before taking over as CFO, Mr. D Ippolito served Patria Investments Limited as COO for four years. Before that,
Mr. D Ippolito worked at Patria Investment Limited s Private Equity division, being responsible for different investments
in the technology, logistics, healthcare, agribusiness and food industries. Mr. D Ippolito was also responsible for fundraising
initiatives within the Patria Private Equity business. In addition, Mr. D Ippolito was the Chairman of the Board and Board Member
of different portfolio companies. Before joining Patria in 2005, Mr. D Ippolito worked for a Latin American family office as private
equity portfolio manager between 2002 and 2005. Prior to that, Mr. D Ippolito participated on the start-up, development and sale
of an IT private company in Brazil. Mr. D Ippolito holds a bachelor s degree in Economics from Funda o Armando
 lvares Penteado (FAAP) and a MBA from Instituto Brasileiro de Mercado de Capitais (IBMEC). 

Pedro
Paulo Elejalde de Campos, Director 

Pedro
Paulo Elejalde de Campos serves as a Director. Mr. Campos is currently a Managing Partner at Arsenal Investimentos, a Brazilian based
investment and advisory firm. Mr. Campos joined Arsenal in 2017 and is responsible for leading its investment banking activities. Prior
to that, from 2011 to 2017, Mr. Campos was a Partner at Patria Investimentos, a Brazilian investment firm associated with Blackstone
Group from New York, where he was responsible for Blackstone s investments in Brazil and Patria Investment Limited s investment
banking operations. From 2003 to 2011, Mr. Campos was at Angra Partners, an investment and financial advisory firm, where he was a Founding
Managing Partner responsible for its general management, investment committees (chair) and investment portfolios. In addition, during
his career, Mr. Campos held the position of a Managing Director at Citigroup from 2000 to 2003, the President and CEO of GE Capital Latin
America and Banco GE Capital Brasil from 1996 to 2000. Mr. Campos started his professional career in 1982 at J.P. Morgan offices in New
York and left the firm in 1995 as a Vice President. Also, along his career, Mr. Campos has served as board director in several corporations
and non-profit organizations. Mr. Campos holds bachelors degrees in Engineering and Business Administration; both from Universidade
Federal do Rio Grande Sul. 

Ricardo
Barbosa Leonardos, Director 

Ricardo
Barbosa Leonardos serves as a Director. Currently, Mr. Leonardos is a founding partner of Symphony (since 2002), a family business consulting
firm focused on governance, succession, financial planning and family office. In this role, Mr. Leonardos structured and was the CEO
of the Diniz family office for five years. Additionally, Mr. Leonardos is the vice-chairman of the Tecnisa S.A. s board of directors
(since 2006), an independent board member of Biosev S.A./Louis Dreyfuss Group (since 2013), a member of the board of directors of Associa o
Umane (since 2016), an independent member of the board of ASG Holdings/Athena Sa de (since 2020) and serves on the advisory board
of the family holding companies Componente (since 2010) and Jaguari (since 2019). With over 30 years of experience in the capital markets
and investments, Mr. Leonardos has worked in mergers and acquisitions, IPOs, privatization processes, portfolio management and investment
funds. Mr. Leonardos is certified as an advisor by the IBGC-Brazilian Institute of Corporate Governance, as a consultant for family businesses
by the Family Firm Institute of Boston, as portfolio manager authorized by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and as an analyst
by APIMEC. Mr. Leonardos holds a bachelor s degree in Economics from the Faculdade de Economica S o Luis and an MBA from
the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University. He also holds a certificate in Technology Innovation in Planning Effective
Investments in Technology Markets from Tel-Aviv University Coller School of Management Business Leaders and in the Digital Immersion
Program from Digital House of S o Paulo. 

70 

Maria
Cl udia Mello Guimar es, Director 

Maria
Cl udia Mello Guimar es serves as a Director. She is a partner at KPC Consulting Firm, a member of Petrobras Board
of Directors, a member of Petrobras Audit Committee and president of Petrobras Environment, Safety and Health Committee.
A former board member of Constellation Oil Services in Luxembourg, Ms. Guimar es also worked as Investment Banking Manager Director
at Bank of America Merrill Lynch for almost 10 years. Before that, Ms. Guimar es had experiences at ING, Ita Bank, Bank
Boston and ABN AMRO working in several areas, such as investment banking, corporate finance, corporate banking, credit risk, debt restructuring
and project finance, mainly focused on Natural Resources, Energy and Capital Goods companies. Additionally, Ms. Guimar es holds
a bachelor s degree in Engineering from Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ) with a master s degree from COPPEAD
- UFRJ. 

Advisors
to the Board of Directors 

We
intend to form an advisory board comprised of Flavio Uchoa Teles de Menezes, Luiz Elisio Castello Branco de Melo, Norberto Whitaker Sobral
Jannuzzi, Peter Paul Loren o Estermann, Thiago Lima Borges, Jos Antonio Toledo Vieira, Fernando Machado Terni, Walter
Domingues de Faria Jr, Jos Roberto Ferraz, Gil Conrado Karsten and Pedro de Andrade Faria, which appointments shall take effect
upon the closing of this offering. Such individuals will assist our management team with sourcing and evaluating business opportunities
and devising plans and strategies to optimize any business that we acquire following the consummation of this offering. The advisors
are neither paid nor reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the search of acquisition targets before or after the
consummation of our initial business combination. We have not currently entered into any formal arrangements or agreements with the members
of our advisory board to provide services to us and they will have no fiduciary obligations to present business opportunities to us. 

Our
advisors to the board of directors are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Flavio Uchoa Teles de Menezes 
 53 
 Listed Equities 
 
 Luiz Elisio Castello Branco de Melo 
 62 
 Consumer 
 
 Norberto Whitaker Sobral Jannuzzi 
 42 
 Healthcare Products 
 
 Peter Paul Loren o Estermann 
 65 
 Food and Distribution 
 
 Thiago Lima Borges 
 42 
 Consumer 
 
 Jos Antonio Toledo Vieira 
 58 
 Healthcare Products 
 
 Fernando Machado Terni 
 66 
 Healthcare Services 
 
 Walter Domingues de Faria Jr 
 58 
 Distribution 
 
 Jos Roberto Ferraz 
 57 
 Healthcare 
 
 Gil Conrado Karsten 
 48 
 Food 
 
 Pedro de Andrade Faria 
 49 
 Technology and Listed Equities 

Flavio
Uchoa Teles de Menezes, Listed Equities 

Flavio
Uchoa Teles de Menezes is a Partner Chief Investment Officer for Constructivist Equity Fund, or CEF, at Patria Investments Limited.
Mr. Menezes is primarily responsible for the supervision of the Constructivist Equity Fund. Before taking over as CIO for Constructivist
Equity Fund, Mr. Menezes served as one of Patria s officers since 2012 in the Public Equities business unit. Mr. Menezes was the
founder and investment officer of Mainstay Asset Management, an investment management boutique, from 2007 to 2012. Before that, he was
partner and Chief Investment Officer at GPS Global Portfolio Strategists, a leading investment advisory company, from 2001 to
2006. He started his career at Banco Patrim nio in 1991 as an equity research analyst and portfolio manager, becoming a partner
in 1996. He was also a Vice President and co-head of equity asset management for Chase Manhattan Bank in Brazil. Mr. Menezes also serves
at the Boards of Directors of Tenda, a listed Brazilian homebuilder, where he leads the Audit and Finance Committee, CVC Corp., one of
Latin America s leading travel services companies and at the Fiscal Board of Unidas, Brazil s second largest mobility company.
Mr. Menezes holds a BA in Business Administration from Funda o Getulio Vargas and an MBA with a concentration in Finance
and Accounting from the University of Chicago s Booth School of Business. 

71 

Luiz
Elisio Castello Branco de Melo, Consumer 

Luiz
Elisio Castello Branco de Melo is an Operating Partner at Patria Investments Limited with a demonstrated history of working in the retail
industry, including food and beverage retail, e-commerce, clothing, and others. for over 35 years. As CEO of Natulab, Mr. Melo has been
responsible for leading and developing Patria s F B Portfolio and its healthcare products. Before joining Patria, Mr. Melo
held senior executive positions in Submarino, Lojas Americanas, Lojas Renner, Hortifruti and GPA. Mr. Melo holds a degree of Civil Engineering
from Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro (1983) and an Advanced Executive Program in Business Administration and Management of Northwestern
University Kellogg School of Management (2014). 

Norberto
Whitaker Sobral Jannuzzi, Healthcare Products 

Norberto
Whitaker Sobral Jannuzzi is a Partner at Patria Investments Limited Head of Private Equity Healthcare Strategy Brazil. Mr. Jannuzzi
is primarily responsible for managing funds and investments in Patria s Private Equity business unit since 2011, responsible for
several investments in funds IV, V and VI including Elfa, Natulab, Eve and Atrial. Mr. Jannuzzi was also CFO and CTO for healthcare portfolio
companies between 2012 and 2016. Mr. Jannuzzi joined Patria Investments Limited in 2011 and became a partner in 2019. Prior to joining
Patria Investments Limited, Mr. Jannuzzi was an investment lead at HAL Investments (Dutch Private Equity) based in its Latin America
Office and was responsible for investments in the healthcare and retail markets. Earlier in his career, Mr. Jannuzzi was a Business Development
head at Novo Nordisk Pharma (NVO) for Latin America between 2006 and 2009. Mr. Jannuzzi started his professional career as a management
consultant at Accenture, focused on strategy projects and based in London and S o Paulo between 2003 and 2006. Mr. Jannuzzi holds
a bachelor s degree with honors in Business Administration from the University of Bath/U.K. (1999-2003). 

Peter
Paul Loren o Estermann, Food and Distribution 

Peter
Paul Loren o Estermann is a Partner at Patria Investments Limited and Chief of Portfolio Management of Value Creation Business
for Latam strategies. He has over 40 years of professional experience, including 12 years in agribusiness, 10 years in the industry for
the transformation of polymers, paper and cellulose and refractory materials, 12 years in telecommunications and health services, and
6 years in retail. Previously, Mr. Estermann was the CEO of GPA (from April 2018 to November 2020), where he was responsible for the
operations in the region, with over 100,000 employees and a revenue of R 60 billion. Mr. Estermann was also Infrastructure and Strategic
Development Officer of GPA from June 2014 to October 2015. Mr. Estermann has developed his career in different industries and the service
sector, and in large and leading companies with different areas of expertise, differentiated in terms of technology, management models
and cultures. Mr. Estermann was CEO of Via Varejo S. A. (2015-2018, 2018-2019) and Vice-CEO and Chief Operating Officer of Medial Sa de
(2006 - 2007). Mr. Estermann has held important positions in various European and Brazilian companies since 1981. Mr. Estermann holds
a degree in Agronomy Engineering from the Federal University of Lavras Minas Gerais and post graduate studies from Harvard Business
School Making Corporate Boards more Effective 2008, Audit Committees in a New Era of Governance 
 2008 and Program for Management Development/PMD 1999). 

Thiago
Lima Borges, Consumer 

Thiago
Lima Borges is the current CFO of Smartfit. Mr. Borges is primarily responsible for managing the capital structure in a high growth multi-national
healthcare company. Before joining Smartfit, Mr. Borges was the CFO and IRO of Arezzo Co from 2009 to 2017 and was responsible for
structuring key strategic initiatives to support the company s high growth profile and also led the IPO process on the BOVESPA
stock exchange. Prior to this, Mr. Borges worked at Tarpon Investments, where Mr. Borges served as an investment analyst covering the
consumer/retail sector. Earlier in his career, Mr. Borges worked for nearly five years at Braskem, in different strategic areas. His
last position was Senior Investment Analyst of the Vinylic market and products, managing operational investments and strategic planning.
Mr. Borges started his professional career at Ernst Young, working in sectors such as chemicals, energy and financials. Mr. Borges
holds a bachelor s degree in Business Administration at Unifacs and earned his MBA from Stanford University. In 2014 he was elected
the best finance executive in the Brazilian retail industry and was awarded with Grand Prix for the Best Overall Investor Relation Program
for small and mid-cap companies in Brazil. 

72 

Jos 
Antonio Toledo Vieira, Healthcare Products 

Jos 
Antonio Toledo Vieira is currently the Operating Partner at Patria Investments Limited and also the CEO of Elfa Medicamentos, a Patria-owned
pharmaceutical distributor in Brazil. Mr. Vieira has more than 30 years of experience in the Pharma Sector in companies like Novartis,
AbbVie and AstraZeneca in Brazil, Portugal, Australia, New Zealand and the UK. Mr. Vieira started his career in Novartis where Mr. Vieira
took several Commercial roles, having also worked for about 2 years for Novartis in Portugal. Mr. Vieira left to take over AstraZeneca
Brazil as the Country President for 5 years, being transferred to Sydney where Mr. Vieira lived for 5 years as the Country President
for Australia and New Zealand. In 2011, he moved to London to take a role as a VP in Global Commercial at AstraZeneca s headquarters
and returned to Brazil in 2013, with the mission to spin-off the Pharmaceutical division of Abbot in order to create AbbVie in the country.
In early 2015, Mr. Vieira accepted the role of Country President at Novartis Brazil and joined Patria Investments Limited in November
2018. Nowadays, Mr. Vieira is also a Board Member to Elfa Medicamentos and Natulab Pharmaceutical in Brazil. Mr. Vieira is an economist,
with an MBA from Business School S o Paulo in Brazil and is also an AMP Harvard Alumni. 

Fernando
Machado Terni, Healthcare Services 

Fernando
Machado Terni is the Operating Partner for the Healthcare Services platform at Patria Investments Limited, responsible for investments
in Alliar, Athena and BioRitmo (since 2019). Mr. Terni first joined Patria Investments Limited in 2012 as CEO of Alliar. Prior to joining
Patria Investments Limited, Mr. Terni served as CEO of Grupo Schincariol (today Heineken), a 3 billion enterprise in the beer 
soft drink segment. Mr. Terni was also the CEO of Nokia in Brazil and Senior VP for Latin America for five years, after being CEO of
Intelig Telecom (today TIM), a long distance operator and internet provider. Mr. Terni served as Vice President for Energy Transmission
and Distribution for 20 years at ABB (Asea Brown Boveri) where he began his career holding several positions in the energy and industrial
segments. Mr. Terni holds a degree in Electrical Engineering from Escola de Engenharia Mau and an MBA from Funda o
Getulio Vargas, S o Paulo. Mr. Machado Terni also holds an Executive MBA from The Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern
University and Executive Education from The Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. 

Walter
Domingues de Faria Jr, Distribution 

Walter
Domingues de Faria Jr is the CEO of Beauty Holding Co, a Patria Investments Limited invested company. Mr. Faria is in charge of the fast
moving consumer goods distribution company project in Patria Investments Limited, focused on grocery and supermarket stores. Mr. Faria
has a comprehensive expertise in general management and organizational development at fast moving consumer goods companies (Colgate-Palmolive,
Coca-Cola, Clorox and Danone) and at the largest wholesaler distribution company in Brazil (Martins), a family owned company. Mr. Faria
holds a bachelors degree in Business Administration from S o Marcos University (1988), extension in Economy from S o
Paulo University (1989), General Management Program from USA Center for Creative Leadership (2005), General Management CEO Legacy from
IMD Funda o Dom Cabral (2016) and Board of Directors Program from Funda o Dom Cabral (2020). 

Jos 
Roberto Ferraz, Healthcare 

Jos 
Roberto Ferraz has 32 years of international experience in the healthcare industry, leading organizations in a variety of segments such
as surgery, specialty pharma, e-commerce and retail OTC. Mr. Ferraz has held senior executive positions at Livanova plc, Nestle Health
and Johnson Johnson and had board experiences in Brazil and abroad. Mr. Ferraz holds a bachelor s degree in Business Administration
and a postgraduate degree in International Marketing and Finance, both from Funda o Getulio Vargas (FGV). 

Gil
Conrado Karsten, Food 

Gil
Conrado Karsten is a Partner at Patria Investments Limited Private Equity Divestment Latam. Mr. Karsten is primarily responsible
for the Divestment process of all the Private Equity portfolio companies. In addition, Mr. Karsten is also a board member of the current
portfolio companies of the food beverages vertical: Delly s, Superfrio, Frooty and Gran Coffee. Prior to this, Mr. Karsten
managed a portfolio of companies in the same food beverages vertical and worked on new business efforts in Patria Investments Limited s
Private Equity. In the beginning of his career at Patria Investments Limited, Mr. Karsten acted as Chief Operating Officer at LFG, a
business unit of Anhanguera. Before joining Patria Investments Limited in 2008, Mr. Karsten worked for 5 years as Chief Operating Officer
of a leading Brazilian retail company and as Export Director of a large consumer goods company. Mr. Karsten worked for more than 8 years
in investment banking, at J.P. Morgan in New York and S o Paulo and at Banco Patrim nio. Mr. Karsten holds a bachelor s
degree in Business Administration from Funda o Getulio Vargas (FGV) and an MBA from the University of Chicago Graduate
School of Business. 

73 

Pedro
de Andrade Faria, Technology Listed Equities 

Pedro
de Andrade Faria is a partner and founder of Kamaroopin Gestora de Recursos Ltda., or Kamaroopin, an investment management company that
received an investment from one of Patria Investments Limited entities. Mr. Faria is primarily responsible for growth equities initiatives,
mainly in the sectors of petcare, healthcare and finance at Kamaroopin. Before his partnership with Patria, Mr. Faria was a founding
partner and portfolio manager at Tarpon Investimentos S.A. between June 2002 and May 2020. He was also the CEO of BRF S.A. between December
2013 and December 2017. In addition, Mr. Faria is the Chairman of the Board and Board Member of different companies such as Petlove Cayman
Ltd, Zenklub Tecnologias S.A. and Kepler Weber S.A.. Mr. Faria holds a bachelor s degree in business administration from
Funda o Getulio Vargas and an MBA from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business. 

Investment
Committee 

We
expect to benefit from Patria s investment committee, which is currently comprised of our board members, Ricardo Leonel Scavazza
and Alexandre Teixeira de Assump o Saigh, as well as certain officers of the Patria group, Ol mpio Matarazzo Neto,
Ot vio Castello Branco, Daniel Sorrentino and Andre Sales. Patria s investment committee members have been investing together
for an average of 20 years, with decades of experience in the financial and business services sectors, and we believe they have a sustained
investment performance track record across market cycles. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the officers and directors. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each
year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance
with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year
end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Pedro Paulo Elejalde de Campos,
will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos
and Maria Cl udia Mello Guimar es, will expire at the second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class
of directors, consisting of Ricardo Leonel Scavazza, Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira and Alexandre Teixeira
de Assump o Saigh, will expire at the third annual general meeting. 

Only
holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors
during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to the rights of holders
of Class B ordinary shares to appoint directors may be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary
shares voting in a general meeting. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of
directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate
pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

74 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our initial public offering. An
 independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has
no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has
a relationship with the company). We have three independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined that Pedro Paulo Elejalde de Campos, Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos and Maria Cl udia
Mello Guimar es are independent directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities
are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay our
sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, salaries or other cash compensation paid to consultants
to our sponsor, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team and other expenses and obligations
of our sponsor. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside
the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls
in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments
and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor,
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance
committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in
rules, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance
committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter approved by our board
and have the composition and responsibilities described below. 

75 

Audit
Committee 

Pedro
Paulo Elejalde de Campos, Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos and Maria Cl udia Mello Guimar es serve as members and Maria Cl udia
Mello Guimar es serve as chair of the audit committee. Pedro Paulo Elejalde de Campos, Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos and Maria Cl udia
Mello Guimar es are independent of and unaffiliated with our sponsor and our underwriters. Under Nasdaq listing standards and
applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. 

Maria
Cl udia Mello Guimar es is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Maria Cl udia Mello
Guimar es qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting
or related financial management expertise. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting
 board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with
 legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s
 qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and
 independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention,
 replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting
 firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
 policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public
 accounting firm all relationships the registered public accounting firm has with us in order
 to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
 obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public
 accounting firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s
 internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the independent registered public accounting
 firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within
 the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm
 and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting
 to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing
 our specific disclosures under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
 of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related
 party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
 by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
 as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that
 raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant
 changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

Ricardo
Barbosa Leonardos and Maria Cl udia Mello Guimar es serve as the members and Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos serve as chair of
the compensation committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards, all the directors on the compensation committee must be independent. 

76 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief
 executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and
 any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all
 of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other
adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and
the SEC. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
members of our nominating and corporate governance are Pedro Paulo Elejalde de Campos and Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos. Pedro Paulo Elejalde
de Campos serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

We
have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which will detail the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating
and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying,
 screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria
 approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination
 for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing
 and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate
 governance guidelines; 

coordinating
 and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual
 directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing
 on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and
 when necessary. 

77 

The
charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice
of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search
firm s fees and other retention terms. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right
to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one
or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the period from February 25, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021 there were no delinquent filers. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics as an exhibit to the registration statement of which our final prospectus is a part. You will be able to
review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the committees of our board of directors will be provided without charge upon request
from us. See the section of our final prospectus entitled Where You Can Find Additional Information. If we make any amendments
to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver,
including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under
applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. The information included on our
website is not incorporated by reference into our final prospectus or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references
to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Under
Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: 

(i) duty
 to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests
 of the company as a whole; 

(ii) duty
 to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral
 purpose; 

(iii) directors
 should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

(iv) duty
 to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

78 

(v) duty
 not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the
 company and their personal interests; and 

(vi) duty
 to exercise independent judgment. 

In
addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement
to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience
of that director. 

As
set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing,
or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be
forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by
way of permission granted in the memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then- current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i)
no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain
from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any
interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for any director or officer on the one hand, and us, on the other. 

Below
is a table summarizing the other entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 Entity/Organization 
 Entity s
 Business 
 Affiliation 
 
 Ricardo
 Leonel Scavazza 
 Patria
 Investments Limited 
 Financial
 Services 
 Partner
 and Officer 

Patria
 Holdings Limited 
 Financial
 Services 
 Shareholder 
 
 Jos 
 Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 
 Patria
 Investments Limited 
 Patria
 Holdings Limited 
 Financial
 Services 
 Financial
 Services 
 Partner
 and Officer 
 Shareholder 
 
 Alexandre
 Teixeira de Assump o Saigh 
 Patria
 Holdings Limited 
 Financial
 Services 
 Partner,
 Officer and Controlling Shareholder 

Patria
 Investments Limited 
 Financial
 Services 
 Director 
 
 Marco
 Nicola D Ippolito 
 Patria
 Investments Limited 
 Financial
 Services 
 Partner
 and Officer 

Patria
 Holdings Limited 
 Financial
 Services 
 Director 
 
 Pedro
 Paulo Elejalde de Campos 
 Arsenal
 Investimentos 
 Advisory
 Services 
 Partner 
 
 Ricardo
 Barbosa Leonardos 
 Symphony
 Consultoria e Participa es 
 Consulting
 Services 
 Partner 

Tecnisa
 S.A. 
 Construction 
 Director 

Biosev
 S.A. 
 Energy 
 Director 

Associa o
 Umane 
 NGO 
 Director 

ASG
 Holdings/Athena Sa de 
 Healthcare 
 Director 

Componente
 Holding 
 Financial
 Services 
 Advisory
 Board 

Jaguari
 Comercial e Agricola 
 Consumer/Retail 
 Advisory
 Board 
 
 Maria
 Cl udia Mello Guimar es 
 KPC
 Consulting Firm 
 Consulting
 Services 
 Partner 

Petrobras
 Petroleo Brasileiro 
 Energy/Oil 
 Director 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our
 officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs,
 which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
 and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to
 have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
 Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled
 to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific
 number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our
 initial shareholders purchased founder shares prior to the date of our IPO and purchased
 private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of
 our IPO. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us,
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
 founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business
 combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their
 rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder
 shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
 frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
 frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, our sponsor, officers
 and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and
 any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of:
 (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) the date following
 the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
 share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having
 the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

79 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lockup. 

The
private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not
be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our officers and directors
will own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular
target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers, directors or funds managed by certain of our affiliates or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other
form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers, directors or funds managed by certain of our affiliates. In the event we seek to
complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors
or funds managed by certain of our affiliates, such transaction would be subject to approval by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors. We would not be required to obtain an opinion from a third party firm in such event to address whether the business combination
is fair to our public shareholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers
or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, be paid by the company any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, since
the date our securities were first listed on Nasdaq, we also pay our sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per month for office
space, utilities, salaries or other cash compensation paid to consultants to our sponsor, secretarial and administrative services provided
to members of our management team and other expenses and obligations of our sponsor. 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to vote their founder shares, and they and the other members of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares
and any shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman
Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public
policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted
by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful
neglect. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors
against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify
our officers and directors. We also intend to enter into indemnity agreements with them. 

Our
officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account,
and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification
provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an
initial business combination. 

Our
indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their
fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 

80 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

None
of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities
are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay our
sponsor or an affiliate thereof up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, salaries or other cash compensation paid to consultants
to our sponsor, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team and other expenses and obligations
of our sponsor. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside
the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls
in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments
and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor,
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares available to us at December 31, 2022,
with respect to our ordinary shares held by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding
 ordinary shares; 

each
 of our officers and directors; and 

all
 our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our
ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement
warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 14, 2022. 

In
March 2021, one of our officers paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs, in exchange
for an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares, which were temporarily issued to such officer until such shares were transferred to our
sponsor in April 2021. In February 2022, our sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares for no consideration, remaining with 5,750,000
founder shares. Prior to our IPO, our sponsor transferred 30,000 of our founder shares to each of our three independent directors. Prior
to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by one of our officers, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number
of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of our IPO would be a maximum of 23,000,000
units, given that the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full and therefore such founder shares represent 20 
of the outstanding shares after our IPO. The post-offering percentages in the following table reflect that the full exercise of the over-allotment
option by the underwriters, that no founder shares were surrendered, and that there are 28,750,000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

81 

Name
 of Beneficial Owners(1) 
 Class A ordinary shares 
 
 Class B ordinary shares(2) 

Number of shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 
 Number of shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 
 Approximate Percentage of Ordinary Shares 

5 Shareholders 

Patria SPAC LLC(3) 

5,660,000 
 100.0 
 19.7 
 
 Entities affiliated with Apollo
 SPAC Fund I, L.P.(4) 
 1,980,000 
 8.6 

6.9 
 
 Entities affiliated with Saba
 Capital Management, L.P.(5) 
 1,600,000 
 6.9 

7.0 
 
 Glazer Capital, LLC (6) 
 1,225,316 
 5.3 

5.3 
 
 Ricardo Leonel Scavazza 

Jos Augusto Gon alves
 de Ara jo Teixeira 

Alexandre Teixeira de Assump o
 Saigh 

Marco Nicola D Ippolito 

Pedro Paulo Elejalde de Campos 

30,000 

Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos 

30,000 

Maria Cl udia Mello
 Guimar es 

30,000 

All officers and directors
 as a group (six individuals) 

90,000 
 1.6 

Less
than one percent. 

(1) Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 18 Forum Lane, 3rd floor,
 Camana Bay, PO Box 757, KY1-9006, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. 

(2) Interests
 shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares
 may be converted into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following
 the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment,
 as described in the section of our final prospectus entitled Description of Securities. 

(3) Patria
 SPAC LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of such shares, and Patria SPAC LLC is wholly
 owned by Patria Finance Limited. There are four managers of Patria SPAC LLC s board
 of managers: Ricardo Leonel Scavazza, Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo
 Teixeira, Alexandre Teixeira de Assump o Saigh, and Marco Nicola D Ippolito.
 Each manager of Patria SPAC LLC has one vote, and the approval of three of the four members
 of the board of managers is required to approve an action of Patria SPAC LLC. Under the so-called
 rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s
 securities are made by two or more individuals, and a voting and dispositive decision requires
 the approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a
 beneficial owner of the entity s securities. This is the case with regard to Patria
 SPAC LLC. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual manager of Patria SPAC LLC exercises
 voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by Patria SPAC LLC even those
 in which he directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed
 to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares and, for the avoidance of doubt, each
 expressly disclaims any such beneficial interest to the extent of any pecuniary interest
 he may have therein, directly or indirectly. 

(4) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023 on
 behalf of Apollo SPAC Fund I, L.P., a Cayman Islands limited partnership SPAC Fund
 I ), Apollo SPAC Management I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership SPAC Management
 I ), Apollo SPAC Management I GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company SPAC
 Management I GP ), Apollo Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
 Capital Management ), Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited
 liability company Capital Management GP ), Apollo Management Holdings, L.P.,
 a Delaware limited partnership Management Holdings ), Apollo Management Holdings
 GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Management Holdings GP ). The
 principal office of SPAC Fund I is One Manhattanville Road, Suite 201, Purchase, New York
 10577. The principal office of each of SPAC Management I, SPAC Management I GP, Capital Management,
 Capital Management GP, Management Holdings, and Management Holdings GP is 9 W. 57th Street,
 43rd Floor, New York, New York 10019. 

(5) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 on
 behalf of Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ),
 Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ),
 and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein. The business address of each of Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr.
 Boaz R. Weinstein is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(6) This
 information is based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 on
 behalf of Glazer Capital, LLC., a Delaware limited liability company Glazer Capital held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Glazer Capital serves as investment manager
 (collectively, the Glazer Funds ), and Mr. Paul J. Glazer (Mr. Glazer ),
 as the Managing Member of Glazer Capital, with respect to the shares of Ordinary Shares held
 by the Glazer Funds. The address of the business office of each of Glazer Capital and Mr.
 Glazer is 250 West 55th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 

Our
initial shareholders beneficially own 25 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Only holders of Class B ordinary shares will
have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial
business combination. Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all
other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. 

82 

Our
Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 14,500,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, or approximately
 14,500,000 in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our IPO. The private placement warrants are identical
to the warrants sold in our IPO except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted
transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants),
subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. The
private placement warrants may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. A portion
of the purchase price of the private placement warrants was added to the proceeds from our IPO to be held in the trust account such that
at the time of closing of our IPO 236,900,000 was held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination
by 15 months after the closing of our IPO on March 14, 2022 (or up to 21 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial
business combination in accordance with the terms described in our final prospectus), the private placement warrants will expire worthless.
The private placement warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. 

Patria
SPAC LLC, our sponsor, and our officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the
federal securities laws. 

Transfers
of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants 

The
founder shares, private placement warrants and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each subject
to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the agreement entered into by our sponsor and management team. Those lock-up
provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A)
one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the
closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and any Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination
except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliate or family member of any of our officers or directors, any affiliate
of our sponsor or to any member of our sponsor or any of their affiliates, (b) in the case of an individual, as a gift to such person s
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of such person s immediate family, an affiliate of such person
or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of such person;
(d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection
with any forward purchase agreement or similar arrangement or in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices
no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (f) by virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands
or our sponsor s limited liability company agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor, (g) in the event of our liquidation prior
to our consummation of our initial business combination; or (h) in the event that, subsequent to our consummation of an initial business
combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; provided, however, that in the case
of clauses (a) through (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions
and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the (i) founder shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our IPO, (ii) private placement warrants,
which were issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such private
placement warrants and (iii) private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration
rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. Pursuant to
the registration rights agreement and assuming 1,500,000 of working capital loans are converted into private placement warrants, we
will be obligated to register up to 21,750,000 Class A ordinary shares and 16,000,000 warrants. The number of Class A ordinary shares
includes (i) 5,750,000 Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon conversion of the founder shares, (ii) 14,500,000 Class A ordinary shares
underlying the private placement warrants and (iii) 1,500,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants issued
upon conversion of working capital loans. The number of warrants includes 14,500,000 private placement warrants and up to 1,500,000 additional
private placement warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up
to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

83 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities
were authorized for issuance. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

In
March 2021, one of our officers paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs, in exchange
for an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares, which were temporarily issued to such officer until such shares were transferred to our
sponsor in April 2021. In February 2022, our sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares for no consideration, remaining with 5,750,000
founder shares. 

In
connection with our IPO and pursuant to a written agreement, our sponsor purchased through a private placement 14,500,000 warrants, each
exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, or 14,500,000, in a private
placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our IPO. The private placement warrants will be identical to the warrants sold
in our IPO except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) will
not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain
limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination,
(iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. The private placement warrants
(including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holder. 

We
currently utilize office space at 18 Forum Lane, 3rd floor, Camana Bay, PO Box 757, KY1-9006, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands from our sponsor
as our executive offices. 

No
compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination.
In addition, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will
review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

On March 3, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory
note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 250,000. The promissory note was non-interest
bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, and (ii) the completion of the IPO. On January 31, 2022, we amended the promissory
note to provide an additional borrowing of 250,000, for a total borrowing capacity of 500,000. Promissory note balance as of December
31, 2021 was 437,508, which was fully paid upon our consummation of our initial public offering on March 14, 2022. As of December 31,
2022, there is no outstanding balance on the promissory note. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. If we complete an initial business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used
for such repayment. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-business combination
entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.
Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such
loans. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor
or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any
and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. As of December 31, 2022, we had an outstanding balance of 3,144 due to the
Sponsor related to expenses paid by the Sponsor on behalf of the Company. This amount is due on demand. During the year ended December
31, 2022, we borrowed 150,334 from the Sponsor, all of which was repaid except the outstanding balance of 3,144. 

Any
of the foregoing payments to our sponsor, repayments of loans from our sponsor or repayments of working capital loans prior to our initial
business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. 

84 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

Prior
to the date of our IPO, Patria or its affiliates had expressed to us an interest to purchase an aggregate of 2,300,000 units in our IPO
at the offering price and we had agreed to direct the underwriters to sell to Patria or its affiliates such amount of units. Patria and
certain of its affiliates have purchased 2,300,000 units in our IPO at the offering price. For further information, see Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters-Registration Rights. We have
entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement warrants, which is described under
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters-Registration Rights. 

Following our IPO, we pay the Sponsor or an affiliate
a monthly fee of 10,000 for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we
incurred and paid 95,484 in administrative support fees. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
we did not incur or pay any fees. 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The
audit committee of our board of directors adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval or ratification
of related party transactions. A related party transaction is any consummated or proposed transaction or
series of transactions: (i) in which the company was or is to be a participant; (ii) the amount of which exceeds (or is reasonably expected
to exceed) the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of the company s total assets at year-end for the prior two completed fiscal
years in the aggregate over the duration of the transaction (without regard to profit or loss); and (iii) in which a related party 
had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Related parties under this policy will include: (i) our directors,
or officers; (ii) any record or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities; (iii) any immediate family member
of any of the foregoing if the foregoing person is a natural person; and (iv) any other person who maybe a related person 
pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant
facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be
obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction,
(iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship
underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its shareholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may
have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees.
Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances
relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the
transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or officer to participate
in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing rules require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the
listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with
the company). Our board of directors has determined that Pedro Paulo Elejalde de Campos, Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos and Maria Cl udia
Mello Guimar es are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our
independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

85 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid to BDO USA, LLP, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit for the period from February 25, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2022 financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are
normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The
aggregate fees billed by BDO USA, LLP for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31,
2022 including the services rendered in connection with our IPO, totaled 167,043. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 totaled 83,636. 

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of the period
from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 
For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, BDO USA, LLP did not render such services. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, BDO USA, LLP did not render such services. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed
for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, BDO USA, LLP did not render such services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, BDO USA, LLP did not render such services. 

All Other Fees . All other fees consist
of fees billed for all other services. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, BDO USA, LLP did not
render any of these other services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, BDO USA, LLP did not render any of these other services. 

86 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP New York, New York PCAOB ID #243) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 25, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 25, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 25, 2021 (Inception) through December 31,
 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(2)
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be accessed on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

87 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, between the Company, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as the underwriters (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, between the Company and certain security holders (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, among the Company and its officers and directors and Patria SPAC LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 9, 2022, between the Company and Patria SPAC LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of March 3, 2021, issued to Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-254498) filed with the SEC on December 27, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note Assignment Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, between Patria SPAC LLC and Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-254498) filed with the SEC on December 27, 2021). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

88 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 30, 2023. 

PATRIA
 LATIN AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 

Name: 
 Jos 
 Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title

Date

/s/
 Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Jos 
 Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Marco Nicola D Ippolito 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Marco
 Nicola D Ippolito 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Ricardo Leonel Scavazza 

Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Ricardo
 Leonel Scavazza 

/s/
 Alexandre Teixeira de Assump o Saigh 

Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Alexandre
 Teixeira de Assump o Saigh 

/s/
 Pedro Paulo Elejalde de Campos 

Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Pedro
 Paulo Elejalde de Campos 

/s/
 Ricardo Barbosa Leonardos 

Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Ricardo
 Barbosa Leonardos 

/s/
 Maria Cl udia Mello Guimar es 

Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Maria
 Cl udia Mello Guimar es 

89 

PATRIA LATIN AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY ACQUISITION
CORP 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP New York, New York PCAOB ID # F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 25, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February 25, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from February
25, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 
Patria Latin American Opportunity Acquisition Corp. 
Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Patria Latin American
Opportunity Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes
in ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of operations, and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company does
not have sufficient cash to sustain its operations and has a net working capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditors since 2021. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

PATRIA LATIN AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY ACQUISITION
CORP 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total current assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Due to related party 

Deferred underwriting fees payable 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value 

Shareholders deficit 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption, and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

PATRIA LATIN AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY ACQUISITION
CORP 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For The Year 
 Ended December 31, 
2022 
 For The Period 
 from February 25, 
2021(Inception) 
Through 
December 31, 
2021 
 
 Formation costs 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations	 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Realized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Transaction costs allocation to derivative warrant liabilities 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A subject to possible redemption

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

PATRIA LATIN AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY ACQUISITION
CORP 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Ordinary Shares Subject to 
Possible Redemption 
 Ordinary
Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class
A 
 Class
B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholder 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2022	 

Proceeds from the sale of Class A Units 

Paid underwriters fees	 

Deferred underwriting fees payable	 

Fair value of Public Warrants	 

Other offering costs	 

Excess cash received over fair value of Private Placement Warrants	 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value	 

Net income	 

Balance as of December 31, 2022	 

Balance as of February 25, 2021 (inception)	 

Insurance of ordinary shares to Sponsor	 

Net loss	 

Balance as of December 31, 2021	 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

PATRIA LATIN AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY ACQUISITION
CORP 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For The Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For The Period from
 February 25, 
2021(inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income (loss)	 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Realized gain on investments held in Trust Account	 

Transaction costs allocation to derivative warrant liabilities	 

Formation and operating expenses funded by note payable through Sponsor	 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities	 

Formation and operating expenses paid in exchange for Founder Shares	 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses	 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Proceeds from redemption of marketable securities held in Trust Account	 

Purchase of marketable securities held in Trust Account	 

Investment of cash into Trust Account	 

Net cash used in investing activities	 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities	 

Repayment of note payable	 

Repayment of amount due to related party	 

Proceeds from sale of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, gross	 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants	 

Offering costs paid	 

Net cash provided by financing activities	 

Net increase in cash	 

Cash beginning of period	 

Cash end of period	 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption	 

Immediate accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value	 

Subsequent accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value	 

Offering and formation costs paid for by a related party 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses	 

Offering costs paid through prepaid legal expense funded by sponsor	 

Deferred underwriting fees payable	 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

PATRIA LATIN AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY ACQUISITION
CORP. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units ), including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriter s exercise
in full of its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value per share (the
 Class A Ordinary Shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Public Warrant ),
with each Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for per share, subject to adjustment.
The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private
Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

, including
 in deferred underwriting fees payable, in underwriting fees paid and in other offering costs, of which
 were expensed and charged to temporary equity. 

per Unit) of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, comprised
of of the proceeds from the IPO (which is net of of the underwriter s fees) and of the proceeds
of the sale of Private Placement Warrants, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account (the Trust Account at J.P. Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A. maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. The funds in the Trust Account were invested
only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

F- 7 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commission
held in Trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business
Combination. However, the Company only intends to complete a Business Combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires
 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). Upon the closing of the IPO, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least per Unit sold in the IPO,
including the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, was held in a Trust Account located in the United States with
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account as described below. The Company provides the holders (the Public Shareholders of the Company s issued and
outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares, par value per share, sold in the IPO (the Public Shares with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder
meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek
shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the
amount then held in the Trust Account. The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will
not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. If the Company seeks shareholder approval,
the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.
If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Articles of Association (the Articles of Association ), conduct the
redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer
documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by
law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem the Public
Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally,
each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have
agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of a Business
Combination. In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and
Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent
of the Company. The holders of the Founder Shares (the initial shareholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to
the Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection
with a Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
in conjunction with any such amendment. 

F- 8 

of interest to pay dissolution
expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. 

. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company
if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction
agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per unit or (ii) the lesser amount
per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the
trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims
under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

. Of the net proceeds from the IPO and associated sale of Private Placement Warrants, of cash was
placed in the Trust Account. The working capital surplus includes the amount of restricted marketable securities held in the Trust Account,
deferred underwriting fees payable and derivative warrant liabilities, all of which have been classified as current at December 31, 2022
as a result of the Company being less than 12 months away from consuming the assets held in the Trust Account to either consummate a business
combination or to liquidate. Working capital would be if the line items described above were not included in the working capital
calculation. Cash of was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the Company s working capital purposes
of which was remaining as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

F- 11 

F- 12 

Less: Accretion of temporary equity in excess of fair value	 

Net loss including accretion of temporary equity in excess of fair value	 

Deemed dividend for accretion of temporary equity in excess of fair value	 
 
 -
 
 -

Allocation of net income (loss) and deemed dividend	 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted	

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share	

F- 13 

shares of Class A Ordinary Shares subject to
possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s
balance sheets. 

per share. In accordance with the guidance, the Company has elected to measure the ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption to their redemption amount (i.e., per share) immediately as if the end of the first reporting
period after the IPO, March 14, 2022, was the redemption date. Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence
of additional paid-in capital, in accumulated deficit. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an accretion of 
of which was recorded in additional paid-in capital and was recorded in accumulated deficit. 

ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit
section of the Company s balance sheets. 

Less: 

Class A Ordinary Shares issuance costs	 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance	 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value	 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022	 

F- 14 

F- 15 

F- 16 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable
warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A Ordinary Shares at an
exercise price of per whole share. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, which was
exercised in full on the IPO date. 

of Private Placement Warrants, including the overallotment option, at a price of per
Private Placement Warrant in the aggregate). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class
A Ordinary Shares at a price of per share. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds
from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Upon the purchase of the Private Placement Warrants by the
Sponsor, the Company recorded the excess proceeds received over the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants as additional paid-in
capital amounting to . 

,
to cover certain of our offering costs, in exchange for an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ),
which were temporarily issued to such officer until such shares were transferred to our sponsor in April 2021. Our Sponsor was formed
on March 9, 2021. In February 2022, our Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares for no consideration, remaining with Founder
Shares. Prior to the IPO, on March 9, 2022, our Sponsor transferred of our Founder Shares to each of our three independent directors.
These shares were not subject to forfeiture. The allocation of the Founder Shares to the directors is in the scope of ASC 718.
Under ASC 718, share-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Company
used the Monte Carlo model to estimate the fair value associated with the Founder Shares granted. The fair value of the shares
granted to the Company s directors in March 2022 was or per share. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance
condition, the occurrence of an Initial Business Combination. Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when
the performance condition is probable of occurrence under ASC 718. The Company determined the performance conditions are not considered
probable, and, therefore, no share-based compensation expense was recognized for period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December
31, 2022, the unrecognized stock compensation expense was . 

Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 17 

of the total number of Class A Ordinary
Shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares by Public Shareholders),
including the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the Initial Business
Combination, excluding any Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Ordinary
Shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor,
or the Company s officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares
will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022, and (ii) the completion
of the IPO. On January 31, 2022, the Company amended the unsecured Promissory Note to provide an additional borrowing of , for
a total borrowing capacity of . Promissory note balance as of December 31, 2021 was which was fully paid upon the Company s
consummation of its initial public offering. There is no outstanding balance on the promissory note as of December 31, 2022. 

due to the Sponsor related to expenses paid by the Sponsor on behalf of the Company. This amount is due on demand. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had borrowed from the Sponsor, all of which was repaid except the outstanding balance
of . 

for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services. For the year ended December
31, 2022, we incurred and paid in administrative support fees. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021 we did not incur or pay any fees. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into
warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

F- 18 

Units to cover over-allotments. The underwriter fully exercised its
over-allotment option concurrently with the close of the IPO. The underwriter was entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per
Unit (or of the gross proceeds of the IPO. Additionally, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred underwriting commission
of per Unit (or of the gross proceeds of the IPO upon the completion of the Company s Initial Business Combination.
The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the
event that the Company completes an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Warrants
issued in connection with the IPO (the of Public Warrants and the of Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with
the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder,
each Warrant much be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classifies each Warrant as a liability at its fair value. This
liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted
to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statements of operations. 

per share, subject to adjustment. Only whole Warrants are exercisable. The
Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination and will expire five years after the
completion of the Initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

). The Company
has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of its Initial Business Combination,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement
for the IPO or a new registration statement covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and will
use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of the Company s
Initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A Ordinary Shares until the Warrants expire
or are redeemed. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance
with the above requirements, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. However,
no Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws
of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s
Class A Ordinary Shares are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that
they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in
effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

F- 19 

: Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants (except
as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

per Warrant; 

per share (as adjusted) for
any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice
of redemption to the warrant holders. 

F- 20 

preferred shares, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were and shares, respectively, of Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding that are subject to possible
redemption. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option for shares on March 14, 2022. 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, Class B ordinary shares were issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, Class B ordinary shares were issued
and outstanding. In February 2022, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares for no consideration, remaining with Founder
Shares, which was reflected retroactively as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 21 

Liabilities 

Public Warrants	 

Private Placement Warrants	 

Total liabilities	 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Transfers from level 3 to level 2 instruments 

Transfers from level 3 to level 1 instruments 

Level 3 warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 

, which is presented as change in
fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Underlying share price 

Volatility 

Term to Business Combination (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Change in fair value	 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022	 

F-22 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_patrialatin.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

The
following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the securities of Patria Latin American Opportunity Acquisition
Corp. we, us or our that are registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of our securities is not complete and may not contain all
the information you should consider before investing in our securities. This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety
by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which are incorporated herein by reference. The summary
below is also qualified by reference to the Companies Act and common law of the Cayman Islands. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had three classes of securities registered under the Exchange Act: our Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par
value per share; warrants to purchase shares of our Class A ordinary shares; and units consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-half
of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share. In addition, this Description of Securities also contains a description
of our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into shares of the Class A ordinary shares. The description of the founder shares is necessary
to understand the material terms of the Class A ordinary shares. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to
purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise
its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised
at any given time by a warrant holder. 

The
Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on March 14, 2022 and holders have the option to continue to hold units or
separate their units into the component pieces. 

Ordinary
Shares 

Ordinary
shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Holders of Class A
ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our
shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required
by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary
shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a
special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;
such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation
with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years
with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors,
with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors.
However, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the
right to appoint any directors until after the completion of our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive
ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase
the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination
to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into
three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior
to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary
general meetings or appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20
per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold shareholder votes
and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public
shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote
is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about
our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder
approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like
many special purpose acquisition companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules
and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if
we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who
attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their
affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority
of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking
approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is
obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given
of any general meeting. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to
more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares 
without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce
their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in
their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue
to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market
transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares
purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our
initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 7,500,001, or
37.5 , of the 20,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in
order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Additionally, each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were
a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

2 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not completed our initial business combination by September
14, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000
of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to
provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by September 14, 2023.
However, if our sponsor or management team acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
the prescribed time period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share
ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each
class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per-share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations and on the conditions
described herein. 

Founder
Shares 

The
founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares
included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders,
except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the founder
shares are entitled to registration rights; (iii) Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public
shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to
redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by September 14, 2023 or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, (C) waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business
combination by September 14, 2023, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period and (D) vote any founder
shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated
transactions) in favor of our initial business combination, (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary
shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and (v) only holders of Class
B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint directors in any general meeting held prior to or in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination. 

3 

The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of
our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares
or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the sum of all Class A ordinary shares and
Class B ordinary shares in issue upon completion of our initial public offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with the consummation of the initial business combination excluding any Class A ordinary shares
or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in an initial business combination and any private placement warrants
issued to our sponsor or entities affiliated with our sponsor upon conversion of working capital loans made to the Company; provided
that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination,
the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 720 days
after our initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Register
of Members 

Under
Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the
 names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of
 the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the
 voting rights of shares of each member; 

the
 date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the
 date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register
of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register
of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register
of members. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, the register of members was immediately updated to reflect the issue of
shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have
legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to
a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman
Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that
the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register
of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman
Islands court. 

4 

Preference
Shares 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares
may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations,
powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares
with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and
could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could
have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference
shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure
you that we will not do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Public
Shareholders Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from September 14, 2023 and 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination, provided, in each case, that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered,
qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the
warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole
warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and
only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole
warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
are not obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and have no obligation to settle such
warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the
warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with
respect to registration. No warrant is exercisable and we are not obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant
unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the
securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately
preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant
and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event are we required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that
a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid
the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business
combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under
the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts
to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating
thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration
statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business
day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A
ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the
definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of
public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we
do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to
the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for
that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied the excess of the fair market value less the exercise price
of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value shall mean the volume weighted average
price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise
is received by the warrant agent. 

5 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement
warrants): 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption
 period to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per
 share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third
 trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders
 (the Reference Value ). 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the
underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. However, we will not redeem the warrants unless an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective
and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. Any
such exercise would not be done on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise
price for each warrant being exercised. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger
price (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50
(for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, provided
 that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption
 and receive the number of shares determined by reference to the table set forth under Description
 of Securities Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants based on the
 redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as
 defined below); 

if,
 and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above under Redemption of warrants when
 the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds 10.00
 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like); and 

if
 the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share
 capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the private placement
 warrants must also concurrently be called for redemption on the same terms (except as described
 herein with respect to a holder s ability to cashless exercise its warrants) as the
 outstanding public warrants, as described above. 

6 

The
numbers in the table below represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection
with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares
on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10
per warrant), determined based on volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days
immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the
corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our
warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 

Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, references above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into
which the Class A ordinary shares have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business
combination. 

The
numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of
the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

The
share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable
upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution
Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column
headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise
price of the warrant after such adjustment and the denominator of which is the price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment.
In such an event, the number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator
of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which
is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of the warrant is adjusted as a
result of raising capital in connection with the initial business combination, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will
by multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the
heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00. 

Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 Redemption Date 
(period to
 expiration of warrants) 
 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

7 

The
exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between
two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to
be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the
higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable.
For example, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following
the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57
months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants
for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. 

For
an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average
price of our Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants,
holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each
whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary
shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

This
redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading
at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price
of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants
having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant
to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility
input as of May 3, 2021. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants,
and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised
or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right
and it will allow us to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such,
we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the
warrants and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders. As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares
are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect
to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price
below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they
would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary
shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No
fractional Class A ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder.
If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant
agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for
such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, the Company (or
surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise
of the warrants. 

Redemption
Procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder
will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with
such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as
specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

8 

Anti-dilution
Adjustments. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary
shares, or by a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, split-up
or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such
increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary
shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share capitalization of
a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering
(or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary
shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical
fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary
shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for
such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value 
means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular
way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which
the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption
rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, or (d) in connection with
the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will
be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any
securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification
of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion
to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise
price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator
of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment,
and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such
issuance to our sponsor, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of
the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class
A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business
combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price described adjacent to Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to the caption Redemption of warrants when the price per
share of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of
the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

9 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely
affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation
(other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or
reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation
or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved,
the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions
specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that
the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than
70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A
ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter
market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly
exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced
as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant.
The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction
occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential
value of the warrants. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any shareholder or
warrant holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision or to make any amendments that are necessary in the good faith
determination of our board of directors (taking into account then existing market precedents) to allow for the warrants to be classified
as equity in our financial statements, but otherwise requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights
until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of
the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number, the number of Class A ordinary shares
to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Exclusive
Forum Provision. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising
out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit
to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive objections
to each such exclusive jurisdiction and that such court represents inconvenient forum. 

10 

Private
Placement Warrants 

The
private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions
as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers
and directors, and other persons or entities respectively affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long
as they are held by our sponsor, members of our sponsor, or their respective permitted transferees. Each of the sponsor, or its respective
permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the
private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our
initial public offering. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor, or their respective permitted
transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants
included in the units being sold in our initial public offering. 

Except
as described under Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00, if
holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering
his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the
number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the historical fair market value 
of our Class A ordinary shares (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes,
the historical fair market value will mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10
trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent.
The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor, or
their respective permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business
combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited.
We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during
such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is
in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell
the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders
could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants
on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a
business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability
to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

11 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have
agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each
of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted
for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Certain
Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman
Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary
of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated
in the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers
and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands
companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated
by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where
the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a)
a special resolution (usually a majority of 662/3 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each
company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No
shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares
of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest
of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is
satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar
of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where
the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the
directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they
are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited
by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated,
and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition
or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign
company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction
and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise
or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company
are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

12 

Where
the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required
to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been
met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not
intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted
by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or
waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company;
and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that
the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the
laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit
the merger or consolidation. 

Where
the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure
is as follows (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the
vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger
or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by
the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder
must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his
intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following
the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger
or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a
written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the
company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder
such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the
date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand
Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders
with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the
court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate
fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available
in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized
stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed
are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover,
Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances,
schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly
referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger
was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures
typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number
of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths
in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy
at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must
be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the
view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we
 are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the
 statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; 

13 

the
 shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the
 arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the
 arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision
 of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If
a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable
to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise
ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out
Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four
months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms
of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence
of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further,
transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than
these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an
operating business. 

Shareholders 
Suits. Our Cayman Islands legal counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court.
Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for
such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for
example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and
on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions
to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a
 company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the
 act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly
 authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those
 who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A
shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about
to be infringed. 

Enforcement
of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less
protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United
States. 

14 

We
have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of
the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed
by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of
judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes
upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the
grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands
Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special
Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act
distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts
business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company
are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an
 exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar
 of Companies; 

an
 exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an
 exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an
 exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an
 exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation
 (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an
 exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered
 in the Cayman Islands; 

an
 exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an
 exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited
liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the
company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper
purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

15 

Our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

The
Business Combination Article of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide
certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business
combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed
to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s
articles of association) of a company s shareholders at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose
the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous
written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
(i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our
initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering),
will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to
vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things,
that: 

If
 we have not completed our initial business combination by September 14, 2023, we will (i)
 cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
 possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and
 up to 100,000 of interest income to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
 then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
 rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
 if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
 the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
 subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of
 creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law; 

Prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle
 the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on our initial
 business combination; 

Although
 we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
 with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In
 the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors,
 will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA
 or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to our company
 from a financial point of view; 

If
 a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not
 decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem
 our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will
 file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act; 

We
 must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of
 at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting
 commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the
 agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

16 

If
 our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
 in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
 if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 14, 2023 or (B) with
 respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
 business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
 to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
 to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject
 to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; and 

We
 will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or
 a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities
or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following our initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy
such net tangible assets requirement. 

The
Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but,
provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles
of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend
any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor
our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors.
As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or
more general meetings. 

Our
authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval
and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee
benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more
difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Listing
of Securities 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants have been approved for trading on Nasdaq under the symbols CRECU, CREC 
and CRECW, respectively. 

17 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_patrialatin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Patria Latin
American Opportunity Acquisition Corp. (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release
Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 

Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_patrialatin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Marco Nicola D Ippolito, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Patria Latin
American Opportunity Acquisition Corp. (the Company ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release
Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee
of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Marco Nicola D Ippolito 

Marco Nicola D Ippolito 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_patrialatin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira,
Chief Executive Officer of Patria Latin American Opportunity Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 

Jos Augusto Gon alves de Ara jo Teixeira 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_patrialatin.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Marco Nicola D Ippolito, Chief Financial Officer of Patria
Latin American Opportunity Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Marco Nicola D Ippolito 

Marco Nicola D Ippolito 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its
staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 plao-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 plao-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 plao-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 plao-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 plao-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

