<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1853513_0000950170-23-004337.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20294359</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1122195</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2394190</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10215794</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2225288</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3892823</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004337.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224141436
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004337
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mister Car Wash, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001853513
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AUTOMOTIVE REPAIR, SERVICES & PARKING [7500]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40542
		FILM NUMBER:		23665855

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 E. 5TH STREET
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85705
		BUSINESS PHONE:		520-615-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		222 E. 5TH STREET
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85705

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004337.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 mcw-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period From ___to___ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The New York Stock Exchan ge on June 30, 2022, was . 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding as of February 15, 2023 was . 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

MISTER CAR WASH, INC. 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary 
 
 1 

Market and Industry Data 
 
 3 

PART I 
 
 4 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 20 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 21 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 21 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 21 

PART II 
 
 23 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 23 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 24 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 25 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 35 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 36 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 70 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 70 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 71 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 71 

PART III 
 
 72 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 72 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 72 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 72 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 72 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 72 

PART IV 
 
 73 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 73 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 75 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of present and historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including without limitation, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and approach are forward-looking. You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, potential, predict, seek, vision, or should, or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us. Such beliefs and assumptions may or may not prove to be correct. Additionally, such forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to various factors, including, but not limited to, those identified in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors and in Part II. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 An overall decline in the health of the economy and other factors impacting consumer spending, such as natural disasters, the occurrence of a recession, growing inflation and worsening in economic conditions may affect consumer purchases, reduce demand for our services and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may be unable to attract new customers, retain existing customers and maintain or grow the number of Unlimited Wash Club UWC members, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and rate of growth. 

If we fail to acquire, open and operate new locations in a timely and cost-effective manner and enter into new markets our financial performance could be materially and adversely affected. 

We may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategies on a timely basis or at all. 

We are subject to a number of risks and regulations related to credit card and debit card payments we accept. 

Supply chain disruption and other increased operating costs could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our locations may experience difficulty hiring and retaining key or sufficient qualified personnel or increases in labor costs. 

We lease or sublease the land and buildings where a number of our locations are situated, which could expose us to possible liabilities and losses. 

Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and competitive position. 

Our business is subject to various laws and regulations and changes in such laws and regulations, or failure to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business. 

Our locations are subject to certain environmental laws and regulations. 

We are subject to data security and privacy risks that could negatively impact our results of operations or reputation. 

We may be unable to adequately protect, and we may incur significant costs in enforcing or defending, our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. 

Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, resulting in substantial losses for investors purchasing shares of our common stock. 

1 

You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements as guarantees of future performance. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate, may differ materially from the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speaks only as of the date of such statement. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise, or to publicly announce any update or revision to, any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise, references to Mister Car Wash, Mister, the Company, we, us, and our, refer to Mister Car Wash, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 2 

Market and Industry Data 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes estimates regarding market and industry data that we prepared based on management s knowledge and experience in the markets in which we operate, together with information obtained from various sources, including publicly available information, industry reports and publications, surveys, our customers, distributors, suppliers, trade and business organizations and other contacts in the markets in which we operate. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information released by independent industry analysts and third-party sources, as well as data from our internal research, and are based on assumptions made by management upon reviewing such data and our knowledge of such industry and markets which we believe to be reasonable. In presenting this information, we have made certain assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on such data and other similar sources and on our knowledge of, and our experience to date in, the markets for the services we offer. Market share data is subject to change and may be limited by the availability of raw data, the voluntary nature of the data gathering process and other limitations inherent in any statistical survey of market shares. In addition, customer preferences are subject to change. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such market share data. References herein to the markets in which we conduct our business refer to the geographic metropolitan areas in which we operate our locations. 
 
 3 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Who We Are 
 Mister Car Wash, Inc. is the largest national car wash brand offering express exterior and interior cleaning services to customers across 436 car wash locations in 21 states, as of December 31, 2022. Founded in 1996, we employ an efficient, repeatable and scalable process, which we call the Mister Experience, to deliver a clean, dry and shiny car every time. The core pillars of the Mister Experience are providing the highest quality car wash and ensuring the experience is quick and convenient. We offer a monthly subscription program, Unlimited Wash Club UWC ), as a flexible, quick and convenient option for customers to keep their cars clean. 
 Our purpose is simple: Inspire People to Shine . This starts with our people. We attract and retain a pool of talent by investing in their training and development through our specialized programs and our MisterLearn training platform that allows us to develop and promote entry-level team members to leadership roles. As a result, our team members are highly engaged and deliver memorable experiences to our customers. We have proven our people-first approach is scalable and has enabled us to develop a world class team, comprised of both internally developed talent and external hires from top service organizations. We believe our purpose-driven culture is critical to our success. 
 We believe Mister Car Wash offers an affordable, feel-good experience, enjoyed by all who value a clean, dry and shiny car. As we grow and to serve the approximately 276 million registered vehicles in the United States as of the end of 2022, we are dedicated to putting our team members first and delivering a consistent, convenient and high-quality car wash experience at scale. 
 Products and Services 
 Our car wash locations consist of two formats: (a) Express Exterior Locations (360 locations as of December 31, 2022) and (b) Interior Cleaning Locations (76 locations as of December 31, 2022). All locations offer express exterior wash packages and have exterior-only lanes. Every wash includes our T3 Cleaning Conditioner, Wheel Cleaner, and Dynamic Dry system. 
 Express Exterior Locations 
 Express Exterior Locations offer self-drive exterior cleaning services and include free vacuums available for customer use. Customers purchase a wash or sign-up for a UWC membership through sales kiosks or assisted by team members and remain in their vehicle through the tunnel and wash process. Customers have the option to use free self-serve vacuums at any time before or after their exterior wash. 
 Interior Cleaning Locations 
 Interior Cleaning Locations offer exterior and interior cleaning services, including vacuuming by our team members . Customers purchase a wash or sign-up for a UWC membership through sales kiosks or assisted by team members and either remain in their vehicle through the tunnel and wash process or wait in the lobby. Customers who purchase interior cleaning services have their vehicles vacuumed and cleaned by Mister team members. 
 Our Customers 
 We serve a diverse mix of customers, which include individual retail customers and UWC Members, which include both retail and corporate customers. Given the broad appeal of our services, we have a wide variety of customers spanning a broad set of demographics. The portfolio of cars serviced across our locations is diverse and represents a balance across new and old cars and across all vehicle price points. Our customer service, convenient locations and easy-to-manage membership programs have helped position our locations as the go-to destinations for our customers car wash needs. 
 Markets 
 We are the largest national car wash brand and have developed extensive resources and capabilities over our 25-year history. Our scale, consistency of operations at every location and culture of continuous improvement have allowed us to develop an efficient and high-quality customer experience with every wash. 
 4 

We believe our key differentiators include our unified national brand, robust training development programs which generate a talent pipeline, dedicated regional support infrastructure, sophisticated technology and proprietary product formulation, and strategic market density network effect . 
 Key Growth Drivers 
 Grow Our UWC Members to Drive Predictable Earnings Growth and Higher Annual Customer Spend 
 We believe there is an opportunity to grow UWC penetration further in core, acquired and greenfield locations. In 2022, we increased overall UWC penetration from 64 to 68 of total wash sales. We estimate that the average UWC Member spends more than four times the retail car wash consumer, providing us an opportunity to increase our sales as penetration increases. At both new greenfield and acquired locations, we have developed proven processes for growing UWC membership per location. 
 Build Upon Our Established Success in Opening Greenfield Locations 
 During 2022, we successfully opened 28 greenfield locations and expect to lead our future location growth through greenfield locations. We have developed a process for opening new greenfield locations, from site selection to post-opening local marketing initiatives, which has driven our greenfield performance consistently over time. We plan to continue to invest in this part of our growth strategy and have a development pipeline for future locations in existing and adjacent markets nationwide. 
 Pursue Opportunistic Acquisitions in Highly Fragmented Industry 
 We will continue to employ a disciplined approach to acquisitions, carefully selecting locations that meet our criteria for a potential Mister Car Wash site. We have a track record of location growth through acquisitions and have a process for integrating acquired locations, which includes a variety of upgrades to each location that has led to the successful integration of over 100 acquisitions during our history. 
 Drive Scale Efficiencies and Robust Free Cash Flow Generation 
 We will continue to utilize our scale to drive operating leverage as our business grows. As we open and acquire new locations and maximize throughput at our existing locations through our ongoing focus on operational excellence, we believe we will have an opportunity to generate meaningful efficiencies of scale. 
 Marketing 
 We lead with a unified national brand across our entire footprint. To acquire, convert and retain our customers at a local level, we use a mix of traditional and digital marketing tactics and channels to emphasize our convenient, easy, and high-quality wash experience. 
 Competitive Conditions 
 The car wash industry is fragmented, and we compete with a variety of operators. Competitors include national, regional and local independent car wash operators, and other retailers (including gasoline and convenience retailers), each of which offer car washes. We believe our scale allows us to compete effectively due to our convenience, quality, price, and service. 
 Resources 
 Our Proprietary Products and Advanced Technology 
 Our research and development team is responsible for car wash processes, equipment and technology improvements. The team tests new products, formulations, processes and ideas in select markets before rolling out improvement and changes across the broader platform. Through continuous research and development, Mister Car Wash has formulated a balanced wash process that factors in conveyor length, line speed, water quality, mechanical equipment, ambient temperature and soil conditions. 
 
 5 

Suppliers and Distribution 
 We maintain long-term relationships with our key vendors. We believe our scale and large purchase quantities provide us leverage in securing competitive pricing. Our key purchases include car wash equipment and parts and wash chemicals. 
 While we maintain a limited stock of parts and supplies for repairs and maintenance, most equipment, chemicals, and other supplies are purchased on an as-needed basis, which generally are shipped directly from the vendors to our locations. We have deep industry knowledge and maintain relationships with previous and prospective vendors to quickly address issues that may arise with our current supply chain. 
 In 2018, we entered into an agreement with a supplier of a comprehensive suite of hardware, software, and management systems for our car wash locations which better track our membership and customer loyalty programs, streamline our operations and enhance our ability to track costs. 
 Intellectual Property and Trademarks 
 We own intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, know-how and trademarks in the United States and internationally. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 47 trademark registrations and applications, including registrations for Mister Car Wash, Hotshine, Mister Hotshine and Unlimited Wash Club, and held one U.S. patent, one foreign patent and one pending U.S. patent application. Our issued patents are expected to expire between 2023 and 2025. We have also registered the Internet domain name: mistercarwash.com . 
 We believe that our trademarks and other proprietary rights are important to our success and our competitive position, and, therefore, we devote resources to the protection of our trademarks and proprietary rights. However, we believe that no single patent, trademark or intellectual property asset is material in relation to our business as a whole. 
 Seasonality 
 As a result of our presence in certain markets that are subject to seasonal weather patterns, some of our business is seasonal. However, our 21-state geographic diversity typically limits the weather impacts of a specific region on overall performance. Additionally, we do experience a large majority of sales of UWC memberships during the first six months of the year. 
 Human Capital 
 We are centered around our purpose of Inspiring People to Shine, and that starts with our team members. To recruit and retain the most qualified team members in the industry, we focus on treating our team members well by paying them competitive wages, offering them attractive benefit packages, offering robust training and development opportunities, and providing an operational support infrastructure with opportunities for upward mobility. We believe satisfied employees are more productive, are more likely to have a positive impact on other employees around them and are more likely to deliver great customer service. 
 Team Members 
 Throughout 2022, we focused our efforts on refining our staffing model to ensure our wash locations run as efficiently as possible. This will allow us to continue our focus on competitive wages and benefits as well as investing in the training and development of our team members. We invest in the training and development of our team members through our specialized programs and our MisterLearn training platform that allows us to develop and promote entry-level team members to leadership roles. As a result, our team members are highly engaged and deliver memorable experiences to our customers. Through these efforts, we expect to build strength in our bench of future leaders while increasing retention and diversity. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 6,350 team members, which is a 6 reduction from the prior year, even while adding 40 locations throughout the year. This reduction was achieved primarily through natural attrition combined with more precise staffing guidelines for our wash locations and converting eight of our interior clean locations to express locations. 
 6 

Environmental Matters Other Governmental Regulation 
 We are subject to various laws and regulations, including those governing labor and employment including minimum wages and paid sick time, workplace safety, employee and public health including COVID-19, consumer protection, recurring debit and credit card charges, information security, consumer protection, data privacy, marketing and advertising, environmental protection and compliance, including recycling, waste and water usage, zoning and land use, taxation and public company compliance. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. 
 We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to ownership and operation of underground storage tanks; the release or discharge of regulated materials into the air, water and soil; the generation, storage, handling, use, transportation and disposal of regulated materials, including wastes; the exposure of persons to hazardous materials; remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater; and the health and safety of employees dedicated to such transportation and storage activities. 
 Environmental laws and regulations can restrict or impact our business activities in many ways, such as: 
 requiring the acquisition of certifications, registrations, permits or other authorizations or the provision of financial assurances in connection with the transportation, storage and sale of hazardous substances and other regulated activities; 

requiring remedial action to mitigate releases of petroleum hydrocarbons, hazardous substances or wastes caused by our operations or attributable to former operators; 

requiring capital expenditures to comply with environmental pollution control, cathodic protection or release detection requirements; 

enjoining the operations of facilities deemed to be in noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations; and 

imposing substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our operations. 

Compliance with existing laws, rules, and regulations has not historically had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. With respect to acquired locations, we conduct due diligence regarding potential exposure to environmental liabilities and overall regulatory compliance but cannot be certain that we have identified or will identify all adverse environmental conditions or non-compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 For further discussion, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Governmental Regulation Our locations are subject to certain environmental laws and regulations. 
 Available Information 
 Our website address is www.mistercarwash.com . We post, and stockholders may access without charge, the Company's recent filings and any amendments of its annual reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and its Proxy Statement as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 We may use our website as a distribution channel of material information about the Company. Financial and other important information regarding the Company is routinely posted on and accessible through the Investor Relations sections of its website at https://ir.mistercarwash.com . 
 The reference to the Company's or other websites herein does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on or available through our website, and you should not consider such information to be a part of this Form 10-K. 
 7 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Global economic conditions, including inflation and supply chain disruptions, could adversely affect our operations. 
 General global economic downturns and macroeconomic trends, including heightened inflation, capital market volatility, interest rate fluctuations, and economic slowdown or recession, may result in unfavorable conditions that could negatively affect demand for our products and exacerbate some of the other risks that affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Domestic markets experienced significant inflationary pressures in fiscal year 2022 and inflation rates in the U.S. are currently expected to continue at elevated levels for the near-term. In addition, the Federal Reserve in the U.S. has raised, and may continue to raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation, which, coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. Interest rate increases or other government actions taken to reduce inflation could also result in recessionary pressures. Additionally, these risks which are beyond our control, could adversely affect operating costs and administrative expenses such as wages, benefits, supplies and inventory costs, legal claims, insurance costs and borrowing costs. Any such increase could reduce our sales and profit margins if we do not choose, or are unable, to pass the increased costs to our customers. 
 Furthermore, consumer purchases of car washes decline during periods when economic or market conditions are unstable or weak. Reduced consumer confidence and spending cutbacks may result in reduced demand for our services, which could result in lost sales. Reduced demand also may require increased selling and promotional expenses, thereby impacting our profitability. Changes in areas around our locations or to the adjacent streets that reduce car traffic or otherwise render the locations unsuitable, could cause our sales to be less than expected. Prolonged or pervasive economic downturns could slow the pace of new greenfield openings, reduce comparable sales or cause us to close certain locations, which could have a material negative impact on our financial performance. 
 We may be unable to sustain or increase demand for our UWC subscription program, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and rate of growth. 
 Because our UWC subscription program accounted for 68 of our total wash sales in 2022, our continued business and revenue growth is dependent on our ability to continue to attract and retain UWC Members. We view the number of UWC Members and the growth in the number of UWC Members on a net basis from period to period as key indicators of our revenue growth. We may not be successful, however, in continuing to grow the number of UWC Members on a net basis from period to period and our membership levels may decline. 
 UWC Members can cancel their membership at any time and may decide to cancel or forego memberships due to any number of reasons, including increased prices for UWC membership or for our services, quality issues with our services, harm to our reputation or brand, seasonal usage, or individuals personal economic pressures. Increasing governmental regulation of automatically renewing subscription programs may negatively impact our marketing of this program. A decline in the number of UWC Members could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we fail to acquire, open and operate new locations in a timely and cost-effective manner or fail to successfully enter new markets, our financial performance could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our growth strategy depends on growing our location base, both through greenfield expansion and acquisitions, in existing and new geographic regions and operating our new locations successfully. Our ability to execute our growth strategy on favorable terms and successfully operate new locations may be exposed to significant risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 8 

we may be unable to acquire a desired location or property because of competition from other investors with significant capital; 

even if we are able to acquire a desired location or property, competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price or result in other less favorable terms; 

we may be unable to complete an acquisition because we cannot obtain debt and/or equity financing on favorable terms or at all; 

we may spend more than budgeted amounts to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired locations; 

we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate acquired locations into our existing operations; 

acquired properties may be subject to tax reassessment, which may result in higher-than-expected property tax payments; 

loss of key staff at acquired locations or inability to attract, retain and motivate staff necessary for our expanded operations; 

acquired locations or greenfield expansions in regions where we have not historically conducted business may subject us to new operational risks, laws, regulations, staff expectations, customs, and practices; and 

we may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities, such as liabilities for the remediation of undisclosed environmental contamination; and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers, and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties. 

The realization of any of the above risks could significantly and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, the market price of our common stock, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations. We cannot assure you that our growth strategy will be successful, or that such expansion will be completed in the time frames or at the costs we estimate. 
 In addition, there can be no assurance that newly opened or acquired locations will achieve sales or profitability levels comparable to those of our existing locations in the time periods estimated by us, or at all. In instances where new or acquired locations are geographically proximate to existing locations, such locations may also adversely impact the comparable store sales growth of our existing car wash locations. If our locations fail to achieve, or are unable to sustain, acceptable total sales and profitability levels, our business may be materially and adversely affected, and we may incur significant costs associated with the early closure of such locations. Our plans to accelerate the growth of our location base may increase this risk. 
 We may not be able to successfully implement our growth strategies on a timely basis or at all. 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand recognition are critical to our relationships with existing customers and our ability to attract new customers. The promotion of our brand may require us to make substantial investments and we anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, these marketing initiatives may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Our marketing activities may not be successful or yield increased revenue, and to the extent that these activities yield increased revenue, the increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur, and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 In addition, any factor that diminishes our reputation or that of our management, including failing to meet the expectations of our customers, could make it substantially more difficult for us to attract new customers. The marked increase in the use of social media platforms that provide individuals with access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons results in the opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information. Information posted may be averse to our interests or inaccurate, each of which may harm our performance, prospects or business. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. 
 If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our reputation and brand recognition with our customers, our business may not grow and we could lose our relationships with customers, which would materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 9 

We are subject to a number of risks and regulations related to credit card and debit card payments we accept. 
 We accept payments through credit card and debit card transactions. For credit card and debit card payments, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time. An increase in those fees would require us to either increase the prices we charge for our memberships, which could cause us to lose UWC Members or suffer an increase in our operating expenses, either of which could harm our operating results. 
 If we or any of our processing vendors have problems with our billing software or the billing software malfunctions, it could have an adverse effect on our member satisfaction and could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued use of their payment products. In addition, if our billing software fails to work properly and, as a result, we do not automatically charge our UWC Members credit cards or debit cards on a timely basis or at all, we could lose membership revenue, which would materially and adversely affect our operating results. 
 If we fail to adequately control fraudulent credit card and debit card transactions, we may face civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures and significantly higher credit card and debit card related costs, each of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to a number of federal regulations relating to the use of debit and credit cards, such as the Electronic Funds Act and the Truth in Lending Act of 1968, which provide guidelines and parameters for payment processing on debit cards and credit cards, respectively, and certain state regulations relating to automatic renewal, including, among others, the California Business Professional Code Section 17601-17606, as amended, which provides requirements we must follow for the automatic renewal of subscription fees such as those charged to our UWC Members. We may also face legal liability or reputational harm for any failure, or any allegation that we have failed, to comply with such consumer protection laws relating to consumer debit or credit transactions. We also are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard PCI DSS ), issued by the PCI Council and to the American National Standards Institute ANSI data encryption standards and payment network security operating guidelines, as well as the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act FACTA ). Failure to comply with these guidelines or standards may result in the imposition of financial penalties or the allocation by debit and credit card companies of the costs of fraudulent charges to us. 
 Any material interruptions or failures in our payment related systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to comply with the security standards established by banks and the payment card industry, we may be subject to fines, restrictions and expulsion from card acceptance programs, which could materially and adversely affect our retail operations and the UWC program. 
 We depend on a limited number of suppliers for most of our car wash equipment and certain supplies. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers for most of the car wash equipment and certain other supplies we use in our operations. Our ability to secure such equipment and supplies from alternative sources as needed may be time-consuming or expensive or may cause a temporary disruption in our supply chain. In recent months, we have anticipated intermittent shortages of certain supplies from our standard vendors and, accordingly, we enhanced our sourcing procedures to identify alternative suppliers and avoid any actual shortages, albeit sometimes at additional cost. Additionally, we do not have a supplier contract with our main supplier of car wash tunnel equipment, and our orders are based on purchase orders. As such, we are subject to the risk that a supplier will not continue to provide us with the required car wash tunnel equipment. We also do not carry a significant inventory of such equipment. Increasingly during 2021, the delivery times were extended on certain equipment for our greenfield pipeline but, through alternative sourcing, we have thus far avoided any significant disruptions. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of car wash equipment and other supplies could occur for reasons within or beyond the control of us and the supplier. Decreased fuel supplies are anticipated to increase fuel prices, which may adversely impact our transportation costs. Any shortage or interruption to our supply chain could reduce our sales and profit margins, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 10 

Our locations may experience difficulty hiring and retaining qualified personnel, resulting in higher labor costs. 
 The operation of our locations requires both entry-level and skilled team members, and trained personnel continue to be in high demand and short supply at competitive compensation levels in some areas, which is likely to result in increased labor costs. Accordingly, we may experience increased difficulty hiring and maintaining such qualified personnel. In addition, the formation of unions may increase the operating expenses of our locations. Any such future difficulties could result in a decline in customer service negatively impacting sales at our locations, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Many of our key personnel have worked for us for a significant amount of time or were recruited by us specifically due to their experience. Our success depends in part upon the reputation and influence within the industry of our senior managers. Each of our executive officers and other key employees may terminate his or her relationship with us at any time and the loss of the services of one or a combination of our senior executives or members of our senior management team may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business or development objectives and could materially harm our business. Further, contractual obligations related to confidentiality and noncompetition may be ineffective or unenforceable, and departing employees may share our proprietary information with competitors in ways that could adversely impact us. 
 We lease or sublease the land and buildings where a number of our locations are situated, which could expose us to possible liabilities and losses. 
 We lease the land and buildings where a significant number of our locations are located. The terms of the leases and subleases vary in length, with primary terms (i.e., before consideration of option periods) expiring on various dates. In addition, we may not be able to terminate a particular lease if or when we would like to do so, which could prevent us from closing or relocating certain underperforming locations. Our obligations to pay rent are generally non-cancelable, even if the location operated at the leased or subleased location is closed. Thus, if we decide to close locations, we generally are required to continue paying rent and operating expenses for the balance of the lease term. The performance of any of these obligations may be expensive. We may not assign or sublet the leased locations without consent of the landlord. When we assign or sublease vacated locations, we may remain liable on the lease obligations if the assignee or sub-lessee does not perform. Accordingly, we are subject to the risks associated with leasing locations which can have a material adverse effect on us. 
 As leases expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to close locations in desirable locations or otherwise negatively affect profits, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We depend on cash from our operating activities to make lease payments for our leases, which may strain our cash flow. 
 We depend on net cash provided by operating activities to pay our rent and other lease expenses and to fulfill our other cash needs. If our business does not generate sufficient cash provided by operating activities, and sufficient funds are not otherwise available to us from borrowings under our First Lien Term Loan and Revolving Commitment or from other sources, we may not be able to service our lease expenses, grow our business, respond to competitive challenges or fund our other liquidity and capital needs, which would harm our business. 
 Changes in applicable tax laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our effective tax rate could also change materially as a result of various evolving factors, including changes in income tax law or changes in the scope of our operations. 
 We are subject to income taxation at the federal and state level due to the scope of our operations. We have also recorded non-income tax-based liabilities such as those related to sales, property, payroll and withholding tax. We have structured our operations in a manner designed to comply with current prevailing laws but the Internal Revenue Service, state and/or local taxing authorities could seek to impose incremental or new taxes on our business operations. In addition, changes in federal and state tax rates, laws and regulations may result in additional income and non-income tax liabilities being imposed on us and have an adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of 
 11 

operations and financial condition. Lastly, changes in the scope of our operations, including expanding into new geographies, could increase our income tax liabilities and have an adverse impact on our effective tax rate. 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Capital Requirements 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and competitive position. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 895.5 million of indebtedness, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, outstanding pursuant to an amended and restated first lien credit agreement entered into on May 14, 2019 (First Lien Term Loan ). To service this debt and any additional debt we may incur in the future, we need to generate cash. Our ability to generate cash is subject, to a certain extent, to our ability to successfully execute our business strategy, including acquisition activity, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings or other financing will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our debt and fund our other capital needs. To the extent we are required to use our cash flow from operations or the proceeds of any future financing to service our debt instead of funding working capital, capital expenditures, or acquisitions, we will be less able to plan for, or react to, changes in our business, industry and in the economy generally. This places us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. There can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that the terms of that debt will allow any of the above alternative measures or that these measures would satisfy our scheduled debt service obligations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to repay or refinance our debt on favorable terms, it could significantly adversely affect our financial condition and the value of our outstanding debt. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations, make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. 
 On March 5, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration IBA ), the administrator of LIBOR, and the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of the IBA, announced in public statements (the Announcements that the final publication or representativeness date for one-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors will be December 31, 2021 and all other USD Libor tenors (overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month and 12-month) will be June 20, 2023. As a result, USD LIBOR will not be available for use in agreements and other instruments after the relevant cessation date and may ultimately cease to be utilized in advance of such relevant cessation date. In December 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 4 to our Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto, and Jeffries Finance LLC, as administrative agent, to transition from LIBOR to Eurocurrency rate SOFR spread, whereas all revolver borrowings and term loan borrowings under the existing credit agreement will be SOFR based. 
 The terms of our Credit Facilities impose certain operating and financial restrictions on us that may impair our ability to adapt to changing competitive or economic conditions. 
 The credit agreements governing our Credit Facilities contain, and any agreements evidencing or governing other future debt may contain, certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability, among other things, to engage in certain activities that are in our long-term best interests, including our ability to: 
 incur liens; 

incur or assume additional debt or amend our debt and other material agreements; 

issue certain disqualified stock; 

declare or make dividends or distributions and redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests; 

prepay, redeem or repurchase debt; 

make investments, loans, advances, guarantees and acquisitions; 

enter into agreements restricting the ability to pay dividends or grant liens securing the obligations under the credit agreements; 

12 

amend or modify governing documents; 

enter into transactions with affiliates; 

engage in certain business activities or alter the business conducted by us and our restricted subsidiaries; and 

engage in certain mergers, consolidations and asset sales. 

In addition, the First Lien Term Loan contains a springing maximum first lien net leverage ratio financial covenant. Our ability to meet this requirement can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to satisfy such financial covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events and factors beyond our control. Our failure to comply with any of these covenants or restrictions could result in an event of default under our Credit Facilities. An event of default would permit the lending banks under the facility to take certain actions, including terminating all outstanding commitments and declaring all amounts outstanding under our credit facility to be immediately due and payable, including all outstanding borrowings, accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable with respect to such borrowings and any terminated commitments. 
 In addition, the lenders would have the right to proceed against the collateral we granted to them, which includes substantially our assets. 
 In order to support the growth of our business, we may need to incur additional indebtedness or seek capital through new equity or debt financings, which sources of additional capital may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 We intend to continue to make significant investments to support our business growth, respond to business challenges or opportunities, develop new services, enhance our existing services and operating infrastructure and potentially acquire complementary businesses and assets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net cash provided by operating activities was 229.2 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had 65.2 million of cash and cash equivalents, which were held for working capital purposes. 
 Our future capital requirements may be significantly different from our current estimates and will depend on many factors, including the need to: 
 finance unanticipated working capital requirements; 

develop or enhance our infrastructure and our existing services; 

acquire complementary businesses, assets or services; 

ensure the availability of sale-leaseback arrangements when we engage in an acquisition; 

fund strategic relationships, including joint ventures and co-investments; 

fund additional implementation engagements; and 

respond to competitive pressures. 

Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings or other arrangements to secure additional funds. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our ordinary shares. In addition, during times of economic instability, it has been difficult for many companies to obtain financing in the public markets or to obtain debt financing, and we may not be able to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 13 

We are a holding company and depend on our subsidiaries for cash to fund operations and expenses, including future dividend payments, if any. 
 We are a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of our own. As a result, we are largely dependent upon cash distributions and other transfers from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations and to make future dividend payments, if any. We do not currently expect to declare or pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future; however, the agreements governing the indebtedness of our subsidiaries impose restrictions on our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. The deterioration of the earnings from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries for any reason could impair their ability to make distributions to us. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 Our business is subject to various laws and regulations and changes in such laws and regulations, or failure to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is subject to numerous and frequently changing federal, state and local laws and regulations. We routinely incur significant costs in complying with these regulations. New or existing laws, regulations and policies, liabilities arising thereunder and the related interpretations and enforcement practices, particularly those dealing with minimum wages, paid sick time, workplace safety, employee and public health crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, advertising and marketing, consumer protection, recurring debit and credit card charges, information security, data privacy, environmental protection including recycling, waste, water usage, zoning and land use, taxation and public company compliance, may result in significant added expenses or may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement and/or could materially increase our cost of doing business. In addition, we are subject to environmental laws pursuant to which we could be strictly liable for any contamination at our current or former locations, or at third-party waste disposal sites, regardless of our knowledge of or responsibility for such contamination. 
 Our locations are subject to certain environmental laws and regulations. 
 Our current and former car wash operations and quick lube businesses, as well as our former motor fuel dispensing, are governed by stringent federal, state and local laws and regulations, including environmental regulations of the handling, storage, transportation, import/export, recycling, or disposing of various new and used products the generation, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, and the release of materials into the environment. Additionally, in the course of our operations, we may generate some amounts of material that may be regulated as hazardous substances. 
 Pursuant to these laws and regulations, or future changes thereto, we may be required to obtain and maintain approvals or permits for the discharge of wastewater or storm water and are required to develop and implement spill prevention, control and countermeasure plans in connection with on-site storage of significant quantities of motor fuel. We believe that we maintain all required discharge permits necessary to conduct our operations, and further believe we are in substantial compliance with the terms thereof. 
 The federal Clean Air Act, as amended, CAA and similar state laws impose requirements on emissions to the air from motor fueling activities in certain areas of the country, including those that do not meet state or national ambient air quality standards. These laws may require the installation of vapor recovery systems to control emissions of volatile organic compounds to the air during the motor fueling process. 
 Under the CAA and comparable state and local laws, permits are typically required to emit regulated air pollutants into the atmosphere. In addition, the federal Clean Water Act CWA and analogous state laws may require us to obtain and maintain individual permits or coverage under general permits for discharges of wastewater or storm water runoff. While we expect to obtain necessary approvals for our operations, as with all governmental permitting processes, there is a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular permit will be granted, the time it will take for such permit to be issued, and the conditions that may be imposed in connection with the granting of such permit. We are unaware of pending changes to environmental laws and regulations that will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our stockholders; nonetheless, there exists the possibility that new laws or regulations may be imposed in the future that could result in more stringent 
 14 

and costly compliance requirements that potentially could materially and adversely affect our business. We are not presently aware of any material liability related to the costs of investigations and cleaning up sites of spills, disposals or other releases of hazardous materials at our current or former locations or business operations. 
 The historical transportation, distribution and storage of motor fuels (diesel fuel and gasoline) and other chemicals are subject to environmental protection and operational safety laws and regulations. 
 As of December 31, 2020, the Company had divested its quick lube business but in December 2021 acquired four quick lube operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was no longer dispensing gasoline or diesel fuels at any location. 
 Where releases of motor fuels, petroleum products, chemicals or other substances or wastes have occurred, federal and state laws and regulations require that contamination caused by such releases be assessed and remediated to meet applicable clean-up standards. 
 Changing Climate, Global Climate Change Regulations and Greenhouse Gas Effects may Adversely Affect our Operations and Financial Performance. 
 There is continuing concern from members of the scientific community and the general public that emissions of greenhouse gases GHG and other human activities have or will cause significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of extreme weather events, including droughts, wildfires and flooding. These types of extreme weather events have and may continue to adversely impact us, our suppliers, our customers and their ability to purchase our products and our ability to timely receive appropriate raw materials to manufacture and transport our products on a timely basis. 
 Any adverse environmental impact on our locations due to climate change could materially and adversely affect our business and the results of our operations. New federal or state legislation or regulations on greenhouse gas GHG emissions that may be imposed in areas of the United States in which we conduct business and that apply to our operations could adversely affect our business. 
 If such legislation or regulations are enacted, we could incur increased energy, environmental and other costs and capital expenditures to comply with the limitations. 
 We, along with other companies in many business sectors, are considering and implementing environmental, social and governance ESG and sustainability strategies, specifically ways to reduce GHG emissions. As a result, our customers may request that changes be made to our products or facilities, as well as other aspects of our business, that increase costs and may require the investment of capital. Failure to provide climate-friendly products or demonstrate GHG reductions could potentially result in loss of market share. 
 Government regulations, weather conditions including drought and natural hazards may affect the availability of water supplies for use at our car wash locations. 
 Our ability to meet the existing and future water demands at our car wash locations depends on adequate supplies of water. Generally, the water used in our car wash locations is sourced from rivers, lakes, streams and groundwater aquifers and, in some limited instances, through onsite groundwater wells. As such, we typically do not own the water that we use in our operations but instead are dependent on local public and/or private water agencies for most of the water used. Accordingly, governmental restrictions on water use may result in decreased access to water supplies or to temporary suspension of water usage from time to time. 
 Climate change, drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water and our access to water supplies. Ongoing drought conditions currently exist in several areas of the United States, particularly in the western states, where we operate. Governmental restrictions on water use may also result in decreased access to water supplies, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Water service interruptions are also possible due to severe weather events, including winter storms and freezing conditions in colder climate locations, high wind conditions in areas known to experience tornados, earthquakes in areas known to experience seismic activity, high water conditions in areas located in or near designated flood plains, hurricanes, and severe electrical storms. 
 15 

Any interruption in our ability to access water could materially and adversely affect the results of our operations and financial condition. Furthermore, losses from business interruptions or damage to our facilities might not be covered by our insurance policies and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance coverage in the future at acceptable rates. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Information Technology and Data Privacy 
 We are subject to data security and privacy risks that could negatively impact our results of operations or reputation. 
 We collect, process, transmit and store personal, sensitive and confidential information, including our proprietary business information and that of consumers (including UWC Members), employees and suppliers. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. 
 Increased global IT security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime and increased ransomware attacks pose a risk to the security of our computer systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Despite our security measures, we have been subject to cyber-attacks and attempts in the past and our IT systems and infrastructure may continue to be vulnerable to computer viruses, cyber-attacks, security breaches caused by employee error or malfeasance or other disruptions in the future. Though no such incident to date has had a material impact on our business, we cannot ensure that our security efforts will prevent unauthorized access or loss of functionality to our or our third-party providers' systems. Any such incident could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. A security breach of our computer systems or those of our third-party service providers and business partners could interrupt or damage our operations or harm our reputation, or both. In addition, any such breach, attack, virus or other event could result in costly investigations and litigation, government enforcement actions, civil or criminal penalties, fines, operational changes or other response measures, loss of consumer confidence in our security measures, and negative publicity that could materially and adversely affect our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition. These costs and losses may not be adequately covered by applicable insurance coverage or other contractual rights available to us. 
 We must comply with increasingly and complex privacy and security laws and regulations in the United States. Further, in June 2018 California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA gives California residents certain rights to access and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Although there are limited exemptions for health-related information, including Protected Health Information and clinical trial data, the CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Further, the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act (the CPRA ), which went into effect on January 1, 2023, significantly amends the CCPA and will impose additional data protection obligations on covered businesses, including additional consumer rights processes, limitations on data uses, new audit requirements for higher risk processing, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It will also create a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Similar laws have been proposed or enacted in other states and at the federal level, and when passed, such laws may have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging. Our operations are subject to the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and similar state laws. 
 As a general matter, compliance with laws, regulations and any applicable rules or guidance from self-regulatory organizations relating to privacy, data protection, information security and consumer protection may result in substantial costs and may necessitate changes to our business practices, which may compromise our growth strategy, materially and adversely affect our ability to acquire customers and otherwise materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be unable to adequately protect, and we may incur significant costs in enforcing or defending, our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. 
 Our success depends in part on our brand image and our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property and other proprietary rights and differentiate ourselves from our competitors. We rely upon a combination of trademark, 
 16 

patent, trade secret, copyright, and unfair competition laws, and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. We cannot assure you that the steps we take to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights will be adequate to prevent the infringement or other violation of such rights by others, including the imitation and misappropriation of our brand, which could damage our brand identity and the goodwill we have created. To the extent that our intellectual property and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected, third parties may challenge, invalidate, circumvent, infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property or the intellectual property of our third-party licensors, or such intellectual property may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain service offerings or other competitive harm. We may have to litigate to enforce or determine the scope and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, which is expensive and could exceed applicable insurance coverage, could cause a diversion of resources and may not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to obtain sufficient rights to use third-party intellectual property could harm our business and ability to compete. 
 We may be subject to infringement claims. 
 Although we believe that our services and operations do not infringe upon or otherwise violate the proprietary rights of third parties, we cannot guarantee that we do not, and will not in the future, infringe or otherwise violate the proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties have in the past, and may in the future, assert infringement or other intellectual property violation claims against us with respect to future products, services or operations. Any claim from a third party may result in a limitation on our ability to use our intellectual property. Even if we believe that intellectual property related claims are without merit, defending against such claims is time-consuming, expensive and could result in the diversion of the time and attention of our management and employees. Claims of intellectual property infringement are inherently uncertain, and might require us to redesign affected services, enter into costly settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage awards for which we may not have insurance coverage, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our services. Even if we have an agreement for indemnification against such costs, the indemnifying party, if any in such circumstances, may be unable to uphold its contractual obligations. If we cannot or do not license the infringed technology on reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, will qualify for, and may rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 
 LGP has more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors, and, as a result, we are considered a controlled company for the purposes of the New York Stock Exchange the NYSE ). Although we currently comply with the NYSE rules applicable to companies that do not qualify as a controlled company, as a controlled company, in the future we may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance standards, including the requirements: 
 that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors; 

that our board of directors have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; 

that our board of directors have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance committee and compensation committee. 

For as long as LGP owns more than 50 of our common stock it will be able to exert a controlling influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the nomination and election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our Company or its assets. Even if LGP were to own or control less than a majority of our total outstanding shares of 
 17 

common stock, it will be able to influence the outcome of corporate actions so long as it owns a significant portion of our total outstanding shares of common stock. 
 LGP may have interests that are different from our other stockholders and may vote in a way with which our other stockholders disagree and that may be averse to their respective interests. In addition, LGP s concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over the market price for their common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation could prevent us from benefiting from corporate opportunities that might otherwise have been available to us. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will, to the maximum extent permitted from time to time by Delaware law, renounce any interest or expectancy that we have in, or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities that are from time to time presented to our officers, directors or stockholders or their respective affiliates, other than those officers, directors, stockholders or affiliates who are our or our subsidiaries employees. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, none of LGP or any of their affiliates or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his director and officer capacities) or his or her affiliates will have any duty to refrain from (i) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of business in which we or our affiliates now engage or propose to engage or (ii) otherwise competing with us or our affiliates. In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in the event that LGP or any non-employee director acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for itself or himself or its or his affiliates or for us or our affiliates, such person will have no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or business opportunity to us or any of our affiliates and they may take any such opportunity for themselves or offer it to another person or entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not renounce our interest in any business opportunity that is expressly offered to a non-employee director solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no business opportunity will be deemed to be a potential corporate opportunity for us unless we would be permitted to undertake the opportunity under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we have sufficient financial resources to undertake the opportunity and the opportunity would be in line with our business. 
 As a result of these provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we may not receive the benefit from certain corporate opportunities, such as an acquisition target or other extraordinary transaction, that might have otherwise been available to us and potentially beneficial to our business. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 Moreover, holders of approximately 73 of our outstanding common stock as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K have rights, pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, to require us to file registration statements for the public sale of their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. A registration statement covering such shares has been filed and has been declared effective. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could have a material and adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022 we are no longer an emerging growth company , and we are no longer able to take advantage of the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies . 
 As of June 30, 2022, the market value of our ordinary shares that were held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million and therefore, as of December 31, 2022, we no longer qualified as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012. On December 31, 2022, we became a large accelerated filer and the reduced disclosure obligations of emerging growth companies are no longer available to us. As an emerging growth 
 18 

company, we took advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies. As a result, we will need to comply with the independent auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, will be required to hold a say-on-frequency vote at our 2023 annual general meeting of stockholders, and will no longer be entitled to provide the reduced executive compensation disclosures permitted by emerging growth companies in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our proxy statement for the 2023 annual general meeting of stockholders. We expect that our transition from emerging growth company to large accelerated filer will require additional attention from management and will result in increased costs to us, which could include higher legal fees, accounting fees and fees associated with investor relations activities, among others. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which could harm our operating results, our ability to operate our business and investors views of us. 
 We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires public companies to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, we are required to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that will need to be evaluated frequently. If we fail to maintain the effectiveness of our internal controls or fail to comply in a timely manner with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, this could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by NYSE, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. In addition, if our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
 Some provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others, even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, as well as provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions include: 
 establishing a classified Board such that not all members of the Board are elected at one time; 

allowing the total number of directors to be determined exclusively (subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors) by resolution of our Board and granting to our Board the sole power (subject to the rights of holders of any series of preferred stock or rights granted pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement) to fill any vacancy on the Board; 

providing that our stockholders may remove members of our Board only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of our then-outstanding stock, following such time as LGP ceases to beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least 50 of the voting power of our common stock; 

authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock by our Board, without further stockholder approval, to thwart a takeover attempt; 

19 

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent (and, thus, requiring that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders), if LGP ceases to beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least 50 of the voting power of our common stock; 

eliminating the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders, except for LGP for so long as LGP beneficially owns, in the aggregate, at least 50 of the voting power of our common stock; 

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the Board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at annual stockholder meetings; and 

requiring the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all outstanding stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, to amend or repeal our certificate of incorporation or bylaws if LGP ceases to beneficially own, in the aggregate, at least 50 of the voting power of our common stock. 

These provisions could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control. They could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and cause us to take corporate actions other than those that stockholders desire. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of lawsuits, which could limit our stockholders' abilities to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the amended and restated certificate of incorporation or the proposed bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine will have to be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware (or the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware if the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction). The amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws also require that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act; however, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision, and investors cannot waive compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of applicable law in the types of lawsuits to which they apply, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. These provisions would not apply to any suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Moreover, the terms of our existing First Lien Term Loan and Revolving Commitment restrict our ability to pay dividends, and any additional debt we may incur in the future may include similar restrictions. In addition, Delaware law may impose requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. As a result, stockholders must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 20 

Item 2. Properties 
 We lease 25,350 and own 27,973 square feet of office space at our corporate headquarters in Tucson, Arizona. As of December 31, 2022, we leased 374 locations and owned 59 locations. We also operate 3 locations still owned by third-party developers. The chart below provides a breakdown of our operating car wash locations as of December 31, 2022: 

State 
 
 Locations 

Alabama 

13 

Arizona 

16 

California 

48 

Colorado 

6 

Florida 

75 

Georgia 

22 

Idaho 

7 

Illinois 

1 

Iowa 

15 

Maryland 

2 

Michigan 

29 

Minnesota 

24 

Mississippi 

8 

Missouri 

7 

New Mexico 

18 

Pennsylvania 

4 

Tennessee 

16 

Texas 

77 

Utah 

19 

Washington 

15 

Wisconsin 

14 

Total 

436 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are subjected from time-to-time to various claims, lawsuits and other legal proceedings, including intellectual property claims. Some of these claims, lawsuits and other legal proceedings involve highly complex issues, and often these issues are subject to substantial uncertainties. Accordingly, our potential liability with respect to a large portion of such claims, lawsuits and other legal proceedings cannot be estimated with certainty. Management, with the assistance of legal counsel, periodically reviews the status of each significant matter and assesses potential financial exposure. We recognize provisions for claims or pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable, and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Due to the inherent uncertain nature of litigation, the ultimate outcome or actual cost of settlement may materially vary from estimates. If management s estimates prove incorrect, we could incur a charge to earnings which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We are not party to any material legal proceedings. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 Our executive officers as of February 24, 2023, are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Officer Since 
 
 Position 

John Lai 
 
 59 
 
 2013 
 
 Chairperson, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Jedidiah Gold 
 
 43 
 
 2019 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Mayra Chimienti 
 
 39 
 
 2022 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Markus Hartmann 
 
 59 
 
 2022 
 
 General Counsel 

Effective March 14, 2022, Mayra Chimienti was appointed Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Ms. Chimienti had served as the Company s Vice President, Operations Services since July 2017. Ms. Chimienti joined the Company in 2007 and previously served as Director of Training Development from March 2013 to July 2017. 
 Effective October 28, 2022, Markus Hartmann was named General Counsel and leads the Company s legal function in ethics and compliance, intellectual property and other general corporate legal matters. Mr. Hartmann brings over 20 years of experience advising companies on wide-ranging critical corporate initiatives and most recently served as Senior Compliance Officer at Stryker Corporation (Spine Division) (NYSE: SYK), one of the world s leading medical technology companies. Prior to joining Stryker in 2021, Mr. Hartmann served as Vice President General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: TAST), one of the largest restaurant franchisees in the United States, and before that, as Vice President Technical Compliance NAFTA for Mercedes-Benz Research Development North America, Inc. (a Daimler company). He began his career as an associate attorney with the law firm Hale Dorr LLP (now WilmerHale) and is a retired Colonel in the Marine Corp Reserve. 
 22 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity , Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our common stock has traded on The New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), under the symbol MCW since our initial public offering in June 2021. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 15, 2023, there were 1,429 holders of record of our common stock. This number excludes stockholders whose stock is held in street name by banks, brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business, and, therefore, we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our share capital in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions under our Credit Facilities and any other agreements governing our indebtedness and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we did not repurchase any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative stockholder return since June 25, 2021, the date our common stock began trading on NYSE with S P 1500 Consumer Services Index, S P 500 Total Return Index, and Russell 2000 Index. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our stock and in each index was 100 at June 25, 2021, and that all dividends were reinvested. 

6/25/21 

12/31/21 

12/31/22 

Mister Car Wash, Inc. 
 
 100.00 

90.00 

45.00 

S P 1500 Consumer Services 
 
 100.00 

105.00 

90.00 

S P 500 Total Return 
 
 100.00 

112.00 

92.00 

Russell 2000 
 
 100.00 

97.00 

76.96 

23 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 24 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors or in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Factors Affecting Our Business and Trends 
 We believe that our business and growth depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us and may pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Growth in comparable store sales. Comparable store sales have been a driver of our net revenue growth and we expect it to continue to play a key role in our future growth and profitability. We will seek to continue to grow our comparable store sales by increasing the number of UWC Members, maximizing efficiency and throughput of our car wash locations, optimizing marketing spend to add new customers, and increasing customer visitation frequency. 

Number and loyalty of UWC Members . The UWC program is a critical element of our business. UWC Members contribute a significant portion of our net revenue and provide recurring revenue through their monthly membership fees. 

Labor management. Hiring and retaining skilled team members and experienced management represents one of our largest costs. We believe people are the key to our success and we have been able to successfully attract and retain engaged, high-quality team members by paying competitive wages, offering attractive benefit packages, and providing robust training and development opportunities. While the competition for skilled labor is intense and subject to high turnover, we believe our approach to wages and benefits will continue to allow us to attract suitable team members and management to support our growth. 

Factors Affecting the Comparability of Our Results of Operations 
 Our results have been affected by, and may in the future be affected by, the following factors, which must be understood in order to assess the comparability of our period-to-period financial performance and condition. 
 Greenfield Location Development 
 Our primary historical growth strategy has involved acquiring local and regional car wash operators, upgrading the facilities and equipment, training the team to provide the Mister Experience and converting the site to the Mister brand. More recently, we have also grown through greenfield development of Mister Car Wash locations, with particular focus on Express Exterior Locations, and anticipate further pursuit of this strategy in the future. During 2022, we successfully opened a total of 28 greenfield locations, with the expectation of driving the majority of our future location growth through greenfield development. We believe such a strategy will drive a more controllable pipeline of unit growth for future locations in existing and adjacent markets. 
 The comparability of our results may be impacted by the inclusion of financial performance of greenfield locations that have not delivered a full fiscal year of financial results nor matured to average unit volumes, which we typically expect after approximately three full years of operation. 
 Business Acquisitions 
 In 2022, we completed four business acquisitions of 11 properties. Following acquisition, we implement a variety of operational improvements to unify branding and enhance profitability. As soon as feasible, we fully integrate and transition acquired locations to the Mister brand and make investments to improve site flow, upgrade tunnel equipment and technology, and install our proprietary Unity Chemical system, which is a unique blend of our signature products utilizing the newest technology and services to make a better car wash experience for our 
 25 

customers. We also establish member-only lanes, optimize service offerings and implement training initiatives that we have successfully utilized to improve team member engagement and drive UWC growth post-acquisition. The costs associated with these onboarding initiatives, which vary by site, can impact the comparability of our results. 
 The comparability of our results may also be impacted by the inclusion of financial performance of our acquisitions that have not delivered a full fiscal year of financial results under Mister Car Wash s ownership. 
 Divestitures 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we did not consummate any significant divestitures. 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 We prepare and analyze various operating and financial data to assess the performance of our business and to help in the allocation of our resources. The key operating performance and financial metrics and indicators we use are set forth below, as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Financial and Operating Data 

Location count (end of period) 

436 

396 

Comparable store sales growth 

5 

32 

UWC Members (in thousands, end of period) 

1,884 

1,656 

UWC sales as a percentage of total wash sales 

68 

64 

Net income (loss) 

112,900 

(22,045) 

Net income (loss) margin 

12.9 

(2.9) 

Adjusted EBITDA 

281,646 

254,348 

Adjusted EBITDA margin 

32.1 

33.5 

Location Count (end of period) 
 Our location count refers to the total number of car wash locations operating at the end of a period, inclusive of new greenfield locations, acquired locations and offset by closed locations. The total number of locations that we operate, as well as the timing of location openings, acquisitions and closings, have, and will continue to have, an impact on our performance. In fiscal year 2022, we increased our location count by 40 locations, including 28 greenfield locations and 12 business acquisition locations. One location, which was part of a 2021 acquisition, opened during the second quarter of 2022 and is included as an acquired location above. In fiscal year 2021, we increased our location count by 54 locations, including 17 greenfield locations, 37 business acquisition locations, and one asset purchase location, partially offset by one closed location. 
 Comparable Store Sales Growth 
 A location is considered a comparable store on the first day of the 13th full calendar month following a location s first day of operations. A location converted from an Interior Cleaning Location format to an Express Exterior Location format is excluded when the location did not offer interior cleaning services in the current period but did offer interior cleaning services in the prior year period. Comparable store sales growth is the percentage change in total wash sales of all comparable store car washes. 
 Opening new locations is a component of our growth strategy and as we continue to execute on our growth strategy, we expect that a significant portion of our sales growth will be attributable to non-comparable store sales. Accordingly, comparable store sales are only one measure we use to assess the success of our growth strategy. During 2022, comparable store sales increased 5 compared to an increase of 32 in 2021. 
 UWC Members (end of period) 
 Members of our monthly subscription service are known as Unlimited Wash Club Members, or UWC Members. We view the number of UWC Members and the growth in the number of UWC Members on a net basis from period to period as key indicators of our revenue growth. The number of UWC Members has grown over time as we have 
 26 

acquired new customers and retained previously acquired customers. There were approximately 1.9 million and approximately 1.7 million UWC Members as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our UWC program grew by approximately 0.2 million UWC Members, or approximately 13.8 , from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 UWC Sales as a Percentage of Total Wash Sales 
 UWC sales as a percentage of total wash sales represent the penetration of our subscription membership program as a percentage of our overall wash sales. Total wash sales are defined as the net revenue generated from express exterior cleaning services and interior cleaning services for both UWC Members and retail customers. UWC sales as a percentage of total wash sales is calculated as sales generated from UWC Members as a percentage of total wash sales. We have consistently grown this measure over time as we educate customers as to the value of our subscription offering. UWC sales were 68 and 64 of our total wash sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure of our operating performance and should not be considered as an alternative to net income as a measure of financial performance or any other performance measure derived in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before interest expense, net, income tax provision (benefit), depreciation and amortization expense, (gain) loss on sale of assets, loss on extinguishment of debt, stock-based compensation expense, acquisition expenses, management fees, non-cash rent expense, expenses associated with the completion of our initial public offering in June 2021 the IPO ), expenses associated with the secondary public offering, and other nonrecurring charges. Adjusted EBITDA margin is defined as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net revenues for a given period. 
 We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing operating performance. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. There can be no assurance that we will not modify the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA in future periods, and any such modification may be material. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies in our industry or across different industries. 
 Our management believes Adjusted EBITDA is helpful in highlighting trends in our core operating performance compared to other measures, which can differ significantly depending on long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which companies operate and capital investments. We also use Adjusted EBITDA in connection with establishing discretionary annual incentive compensation; to supplement U.S. GAAP measures of performance in the evaluation of the effectiveness of our business strategies; to make budgeting decisions; and because our Amended First Lien Credit Agreement (as defined below) uses measures similar to Adjusted EBITDA to measure our compliance with certain covenants. 
 Adjusted EBITDA has its limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under U.S. GAAP. Some of these limitations include: 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditure or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in our cash requirements for our working capital needs; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the interest expense and the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect cash requirements for replacement of assets that are being depreciated and amortized; 

27 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect non-cash compensation, which is a key element of our overall long-term compensation; 

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of certain cash charges or cash receipts resulting from matters we do not find indicative of our ongoing operations; and 

other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do. 

Our Adjusted EBITDA was approximately 281.6 million and 254.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our Adjusted EBITDA margin was 32 and 34 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase experienced in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year is primarily attributable to an increase in car wash sales due to growth in UWC Members and the year-over-year addition of 40 locations, offset by an increase in operating costs and expenses. The following is a reconciliation of our net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented. 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA: 

Net income (loss) 

112,900 

(22,045) 

Interest expense, net 

41,895 

39,424 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

32,924 

(25,093) 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

61,580 

50,559 

Gain on sale of assets, net (a) 

(949) 

(23,188) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

3,204 

Stock-based compensation expense (b) 

22,305 

216,579 

Acquisition expenses (c) 

3,648 

4,617 

Management fees (d) 

500 

Non-cash rent expense (e) 

2,792 

1,659 

Expenses associated with initial public offering (f) 

272 

1,599 

Expenses associated with secondary public offering (g) 

498 

Other (h) 

4,279 

6,035 

Adjusted EBITDA 

281,646 

254,348 

Net Revenues 

876,506 

758,357 

Adjusted EBITDA margin 

32.1 

33.5 

(a) Consists of (gains) and losses on the disposition of assets associated with sale leaseback transactions, store closures or the sale of property and equipment. 

(b) Represents non-cash expense associated with our share-based payments, including approximately 201.9 million in stock-based compensation expense associated with our performance-based vesting stock options that vested on the consummation of our initial public offering in June 2021. 

(c) Represents expenses incurred in strategic acquisitions, including professional fees for accounting and auditing services, appraisals, legal fees and financial services, one-time costs associated with supplies for rebranding the acquired stores, and distinct travel expenses for related, distinct integration efforts by team members who are not part of our dedicated integration team. 

(d) Represents management fees paid to Leonard Green Partners, L.P. LGP in accordance with our management services agreement, which terminated on the consummation of our initial public offering in June 2021. 

(e) Represents the difference between cash paid for rent expense and U.S. GAAP rent expense. 

(f) Represents nonrecurring expenses associated with the consummation of our initial public offering in June 2021. 

(g) Represents nonrecurring expenses incurred by us in connection with the secondary public offering in August 2021. 

(h) Consists of other nonrecurring or discrete items as determined by management not to be reflective of our ongoing operating performance, such as costs associated with severance pay, non-deferred legal fees and other expenses related to credit agreement amendments, legal settlements and legal fees related to contract terminations, and nonrecurring strategic project costs. 

28 

Results of Operations 
 The results of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been derived from the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

of Revenue 

Amount 

of Revenue 

Net revenues 

876,506 

100 

758,357 

100 

Store operating costs: 

Cost of labor and chemicals 

268,467 

31 

265,171 

35 

Other store operating expenses 

322,414 

37 

266,069 

35 

General and administrative 

98,855 

11 

254,815 

34 

Gain on sale of assets, net 

(949) 

(0) 

(23,188) 

(3) 

Total costs and expenses 

688,787 

79 

762,867 

101 

Operating income (loss) 

187,719 

21 

(4,510) 

(1) 

Other expense: 

Interest expense, net 

41,895 

5 

39,424 

5 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

0 

3,204 

0 

Total other expense 

41,895 

5 

42,628 

6 

Income (loss) before taxes 

145,824 

17 

(47,138) 

(6) 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

32,924 

4 

(25,093) 

(3) 

Net income (loss) 

112,900 

13 

(22,045) 

(3) 

Net Revenues 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Net revenues 

876,506 

758,357 

118,149 

16 

The increase in net revenues was primarily attributable to the increase in car wash sales due to growth in UWC Members and the year-over-year addition of 40 locations. 
 Store Operating Costs 
 Cost of Labor and Chemicals 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Cost of labor and chemicals 

268,467 

265,171 

3,296 

1 

Percentage of net revenues 

31 

35 

The increase in the cost of labor and chemicals is primarily driven by an increase in labor and benefits of approximately 25.6 million and an increase in wash chemicals and supplies of approximately 5.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, both attributable to an increase in volume and the year-over-year addition of 40 locations, as well as some inflationary pressures on both our labor and chemicals. The prior year period reflected the recognition of stock-based compensation expense of 31.3 million related to our performance-based vesting stock options that vested on the consummation of our IPO in June 2021, which offset the current year increases. As a percentage of net revenues, costs of labor and chemicals for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 4 due to improved labor staffing and express volume mix as compared to the prior year period, as well as the prior year period recognition of stock-based compensation expense as noted above. 
 
 29 

Other Store Operating Expenses 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Other store operating expenses 

322,414 

266,069 

56,345 

21 

Percentage of net revenues 

37 

35 

The increase in other store operating expenses was attributable to the year-over-year addition of 40 locations and some inflationary pressures on our utilities and maintenance expenses. Rent expense increased approximately 10.6 million with the addition of 44 new land and building leases. 
 General and Administrative 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

General and administrative 

98,855 

254,815 

(155,960) 

(61) 

Percentage of net revenues 

11 

34 

The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by a decrease of approximately 170.7 million in stock-based compensation costs driven by the prior year recognition of stock-based compensation expense related to the performance-based vesting stock options that vested on the consummation of our IPO in June 2021. This decrease was partially offset by an increase of approximately 7.9 million in salaries and benefits, an increase of approximately 4.6 million in stock-based compensation expense not related to the performance-based vesting stock options noted above and an increase of approximately 2.1 million in other costs, which were primarily attributable to the increased costs of being a public company and the amortization of intangible assets. 
 Gain on Sale of Assets, net 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Gain on sale of assets, net 

(949) 

(23,188) 

22,239 

(96) 

Percentage of net revenues 

(0) 

(3) 

The gain on sale of assets, net in 2022 was primarily driven by 8.4 million of gains associated with our sale-leaseback transactions, offset by a 6.3 million impairment loss associated with two properties that were impaired during the fourth quarter. The gain on sale of assets, net in 2021 was primarily attributable to gains associated with our sale-leaseback transactions. 
 Other (Expense) 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Other expense 

41,895 

42,628 

(733) 

(2) 

Percentage of net revenues 

5 

6 

The decrease in other expense was primarily driven by the result of no loss on extinguishment of debt in the current year, which was offset by an increase in interest expense due to higher average interest rates, an increase in borrowing levels and the expiration of our interest rate swap in October 2022, as compared to the prior year period . 
 Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

32,924 

(25,093) 

58,017 

(231) 

Percentage of net revenues 

4 

(3) 

30 

The increase in income tax provision in 2022 was primarily due to the Company s income before taxes generated during the current year, as compared to loss before taxes generated in 2021. Additional income tax benefits were also recorded in 2021 related to income tax deductions related to stock option exercises, net of income tax expense related to non-deductible executive compensation. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Funding Requirements 
 Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are to fund our investments in our core business, which includes lease payments, pursue greenfield expansion, acquisitions of new locations and to service our indebtedness. Historically, these cash requirements have been met through funds raised by the sale of common equity, utilization of our Revolving Commitment, First Lien Term Loan, sale-leaseback transactions and cash provided by operations. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 65.2 million and 19.7 million, respectively, and 148.6 million and 149.5 million, respectively, of available borrowing capacity under our Revolving Commitment. On June 4, 2021, we entered into an amendment to our amended and restated First Lien Credit Agreement to, among other things, increase the commitments under the Revolving Commitment from 75.0 million to 150.0 million. In December 2021, in connection with the Clean Streak Ventures acquisition, we entered into Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement Amended First Lien Credit Agreement increasing the principal term loan borrowings by 290 million to 903 million. For a description of our Credit Facilities, please see Note 9 Debt in the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants under our Credit Facilities and we expect to comply with our covenants in the next 12 months from the issuance date of the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We believe that our sources of liquidity and capital will be sufficient to finance our growth strategy and resulting operations, as well as planned capital expenditures, for the next 12 months. However, we cannot assure you that cash provided by operating activities or cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our future needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future, we may have to obtain additional financing. If we obtain additional capital by issuing equity, the interests of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we incur additional indebtedness, that indebtedness may contain significant financial and other covenants that may significantly restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that we could obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table shows summary cash flow information for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

229,201 

173,354 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(190,131) 

(543,832) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

6,294 

272,462 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash during period 

45,364 

(98,016) 

Operating Activities . Net cash used in operating activities consists of net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items, including stock-based compensation expense, depreciation of property and equipment, gains on disposal of property and equipment, amortization of leased assets and deferred income taxes, as well as the effect of changes in other working capital amounts. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 229.2 million and was comprised of net income of 112.9 million, increased by 154.8 million related to non-cash adjustments, which includes 22.3 million for stock-based compensation expense. Other non-cash adjustments included depreciation and amortization, loss on extinguishment of debt and deferred income tax. Changes in working capital decreased cash provided by operating activities by 38.5 million, primarily due to 42.7 million of payments towards operating lease liabilities and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 4.3 million. The change in other receivables was primarily driven by the collection of payroll tax withholding and exercise proceeds receivables 
 31 

outstanding in the prior year, partially offset by increases in construction receivables associated with an increased number of build-to-suit arrangements and insurance receivables. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was 173.4 million and was comprised of net loss of 22.0 million, increased by 257.0 million related to non-cash adjustments and an increase of 216.6 million for stock-based compensation expense. Stock-based compensation expense included 201.9 million associated with performance vesting options which vested upon completion of the initial public offering in June 2021. Other non-cash adjustments included depreciation and amortization, loss on extinguishment of debt and deferred income tax. Changes in working capital decreased cash provided by operating activities by 61.6 million, primarily due to 34.3 million of payments towards operating lease liabilities, decreased other noncurrent liabilities coupled with a 18.5 million increase in other receivables. The increase in other receivables was driven by 8.5 million payroll tax withholding and exercise proceeds receivables, 4.9 million of income tax receivables, and 5.6 million of construction receivables associated with an increased number of build-to-suit arrangements. 
 Investing Activities . Our net cash used in investing activities primarily consists of purchases and sale of property and equipment and acquisition of car washes. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in investing activities was 190.1 million and was primarily comprised of purchases in property and equipment to support our greenfield and other initiatives, and the acquisition of car washes, partially offset by sale-leaseback transactions and the sale of property and equipment. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 543.8 million and was primarily comprised of purchases in property and equipment to support our greenfield and other initiatives, and the acquisition of car washes, partially offset by sale-leaseback transactions and the sale of property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities . Our net cash provided by financing activities primarily consists of proceeds from our initial public offering along with proceeds and payments on our long-term debt and Revolving Commitment. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities was 6.3 million and was primarily comprised of proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee plans, partially offset by payments of long-term debt and finance lease obligations. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 272.5 million and was primarily comprised of proceeds from our initial public offering and long-term debt, partially offset by payments of offering costs pursuant to initial public offering, long-term debt, and debt issuance costs. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 
 
 On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to revenue recognition, goodwill and other intangible assets, income taxes and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience, current developments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under these circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that cannot readily be determined from other sources. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates. 
 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a description of our other significant accounting policies. We believe that the following critical accounting policies are affected by significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of promised services or goods to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive for those services or goods. We have two primary sources of revenue. First, we offer the UWC program to our customers. UWC entitles a UWC Member to unlimited washes for a monthly fee, 
 32 

cancelable at any time. UWC Members are automatically charged on a credit or debit card on the same day of the month that they originally signed up. The UWC revenue is recognized ratably over the month in which it is earned and amounts unearned are recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets based on the date of the re-charge. Second, the revenue from car wash and, prior to 2021, quick lube services is recognized at the point in time services are rendered and the customer pays. Discounts are applied as a reduction of revenue at the time of payment. 
 The timing of recognition does not require significant judgment as it is based on the UWC monthly charge and deferral or the date of car wash sale, none of which require a significant amount of estimation. However, in determining the amount and timing of revenue from contracts with customers, we make judgments as to whether uncertainty as to collectability of the consideration that we are owed precludes recognition of the revenue on an accrual basis. These judgments are based on the facts specific to each circumstance. Primary factors considered include past payment history and our subjective assessment of the likelihood of receiving payment in the future. 
 Long-lived assets 
 Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group to be tested for possible impairment, we first compare undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined using various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. Approximately 6.3 million of impairment losses associated with our long-lived assets were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. No impairments were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 4 for additional information. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually on October 31 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances existed that would lead us to conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is below its carrying amount. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is below the carrying amount, a quantitative goodwill assessment is required. In the quantitative evaluation, the fair value of the reporting unit is determined and compared to the carrying value. If the fair value is greater than the carrying value, then the carrying value is deemed to be recoverable and no further action is required. If the fair value estimate is less than the carrying value, goodwill is considered impaired for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value and a charge is reported as impairment of goodwill in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). No impairment losses associated with our goodwill were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We classify all deferred income tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent on our balance sheet. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized within the provision for (benefit from) income taxes on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in the period that includes the enactment date. 
 We reduce deferred tax assets, if necessary, by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that we will not realize some or all of the deferred tax assets. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including taxable income in prior carryback years (if carryback is permitted under the relevant tax law), the timing of the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies and projected future taxable income. We believe it is more likely than not that our federal deferred tax assets will be realized in the 
 33 

future based primarily on the timing and reversal of existing taxable temporary differences in that jurisdiction. However, we determined that an amount of our state deferred tax assets is not more likely than not to be realized in the future based primarily on prior years cumulative financial results in one state jurisdiction and such state's currently enacted legislation. Refer to Note 8 Income Taxes in our consolidated financial statements and for additional information on the composition of these valuation allowances and for information on the impact of U.S. tax reform legislation. 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions and believe our accrual for tax liabilities is adequate for all open audit years based on many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position if we believe it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained, in a court of last resort, based on the technical merits of the position. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and any changes in the recognition or measurement of these benefits or liabilities are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 
 We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions within income tax provision (benefit) on our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Stock-based compensation represents the cost related to stock-based awards granted to employees. We measure stock-based compensation cost at grant date, based upon the estimated fair value of the award, and recognize cost as expense using the accelerate attribution method over the employee requisite service period. We estimate the fair value of stock options using Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo option models. We estimate the fair value of stock purchase rights using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Restricted stock units are classified as equity and measured at the fair market value of the underlying stock at the grant date. Upon termination unvested time and performance-based options, stock-purchase rights, and restricted stock units are forfeited. We have made a policy election to estimate the number of stock-based compensation awards that are expected to vest to determine the amount of compensation expense recognized in earnings. Forfeiture estimates are revised if subsequent information indicates that the actual number of forfeitures is likely to differ from previous estimates. 
 We record deferred tax assets for awards that result in deductions in our income tax returns, based upon the amount of compensation cost recognized and our statutory tax rate. The tax effect of differences between the compensation cost of an award recognized for financial reporting purposes and the deduction for an award for tax purposes is recognized as an income tax expense or benefit in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in the period in which the tax deduction arises. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See the sections titled Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 34 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and inflation. All these market risks arise in the normal course of business, as we do not engage in speculative trading activities. The following analysis provides quantitative information regarding these risks. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our First Lien Term Loan bears interest at variable rates, which exposes us to market risks relating to changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors beyond our control. As of December 31, 2022, we had 901.2 million of variable-rate debt outstanding under our First Lien Term Loan. As of December 31, 2021, we had 903.3 million of variable-rate debt outstanding under our First Lien Term Loan. Based on the balance outstanding under our First Lien Term Loan as of December 31, 2022, an increase or decrease of 100 basis points in the effective interest rate on the First Lien Term Loan would cause an increase or decrease in interest expense of approximately 9 million over the next 12 months. 
 In May 2020, we entered into an interest rate swap to mitigate variability in forecasted interest payments on an amortizing notional of 550.0 million of our variable-rate First Lien Term Loan. We designated the interest rate swap as a pay-fixed, receive-floating interest rate swap instrument and are accounting for this derivative as a cash flow hedge. This interest rate swap matured on October 20, 2022 and no new swap was entered into. See Note 11 for additional information. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise nature of the estimates required, we have recently experienced the effects of inflation on our results of operations and financial condition. In light of the current inflationary market conditions, we cannot assure you that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially impacted by inflation in the future. 
 35 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 37 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 39 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 40 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 42 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 41 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 43 

36 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Mister Car Wash, Inc . : 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Mister Car Wash, Inc . and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24 , 2023 , expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenues Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company recognizes revenues in two streams: (1) revenues recognized over time with their subscription membership Unlimited Wash Club UWC program which entitles the customer to unlimited washes for a monthly fee, cancellable at any time, and (2) revenues recognized at a point in time from car washes. The Company s revenue recognition process utilizes point-of-sale systems for the initiating, processing, and recording of 
 37 

transactions. Given the Company s high volume of individually low monetary value transactions, performing audit procedures to test revenues required significant audit effort, including the involvement of data analytics specialists. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to revenues included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s accounting for revenues. 

With the assistance of our data analytics specialists, we extracted journal entries to analyze the Company s revenue transactions. 

We reconciled recorded revenues and credit card receivables to cash receipts per the bank. 

We selected a sample of revenue transactions and agreed the amounts recognized to source documents, then tested the mathematical accuracy and the timing of the recorded revenues. 

We developed an independent expectation of deferred revenue and compared it to the recorded balance. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Tempe, Arizona February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. 
 38 

Mister Car Wash, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

As of 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other receivables 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use assets, net 

Other intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Other accrued expenses 

Current maturities of operating lease liability 

Current maturities of finance lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term portion of debt, net 

Operating lease liability 

Financing lease liability 

Long-term deferred tax liability 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

Mister Car Wash, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net revenues 

Cost of labor and chemicals 

Other store operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Gain on sale of assets, net 

() 

() 

() 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Other expense: 

Interest expense, net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Total other expense 

Income (loss) before taxes 

() 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Gain (loss) on interest rate swap 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Mister Car Wash, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 

(Amounts in thousands) 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Gain on sale of assets, net 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 

Non-cash lease expense 

Non-cash interest income 
 
 () 

Deferred income tax 

() 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 () 

Other receivables 

() 

() 

Inventory, net 
 
 () 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Operating lease liability 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities 
 
 () 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Acquisition of car wash operations, net of cash 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of Oil Change Express 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to initial public offering 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee plans 

Payments for repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Proceeds from secondary public offering for employee tax withholdings 

Tax withholdings paid on behalf of employees for secondary public offering 

() 

Proceeds from debt borrowings 

Proceeds from revolving line of credit 

Payments on debt borrowings 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Payments on revolving line of credit 

() 

Payments of debt extinguishment costs 

() 

Payments of deferred debt issuance costs 

() 

Principal payments on finance lease obligations 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Payments of issuance costs pursuant to initial public offering 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash during period 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

() 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Property and equipment in accounts payable 

Property and equipment accrued in other accrued expenses 

Stock option exercise proceeds in other receivables 

Non-cash property and equipment additions from financing obligations 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Mister Car Wash, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Shares 

Amount 

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Adoption of new accounting standards, net of tax 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock under employee plans 

Shares repurchased 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Loss on interest rate swap 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock pursuant to initial public offering, net of issuance costs of 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Issuance of common stock under employee plans 

Shares repurchased 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Gain on interest rate swap 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock under employee plans 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Change in interest rate swap 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 42 

Mister Car Wash, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 , the Company operated car washes in states. As of December 31, 2021 , the Company operated car washes in states . Beginning the end of March 2020 through the first part of April 2020, to ensure the safety of its team members and customers and in compliance with local regulations, the Company temporarily suspended operations at more than 300 of its locations due to the COVID-19 pandemic. During this period, safety protocols were upgraded, and we modified the operating model by temporarily removing all interior cleaning services from locations offering those services. The washes were closed for, on average, 34 days. As the Company opened washes, only exterior cleaning services were offered until July 2020 when interior clean services became available at select locations. In August 2020, all Interior Cleaning Locations were offering interior cleaning services again. As a result of the temporary suspension of operations, the Company furloughed approximately 5,500 team members, reduced the pay for the remaining team members and amended nearly all leases to allow for up to three months of rent deferrals. None of the amendments resulted in remeasurements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, all back pay for reduced salaries and deferred lease payments had been repaid. Forward Stock Split In June 2021, the Company's board of directors (the Board and the stockholders of the Company app roved a forward stock split of the Company s outstanding common stock, which was effected on June 16, 2021. All common stock and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to give effect to this forward stoc k split for all periods presented. Shares of common stock underlying outstanding stock options and other equity instruments were proportionately increased and the respective per share value and exercise prices, if applicable, were proportionately decreased in accordance with the terms of the agreements governing such securities. There were no cha nges to the par value per share of the Company s common stock as a result of the forward stock split. Additionally, the Board and the stockholders of the Company approved an increase in the authorized shares of common stock to shares. Initial Public Offering In June 2021, the C ompany completed its initial public offering IPO of shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share. The Company sold shares of common stock and the selling stockholders identified in the Company s final prospectus that forms a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256697), filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) on June 28, 2021 (the Prospectus ), sold an aggregate amount of shares of common stock, which selling stockholder amount included the underwriters' option to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering related issuance costs; the Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders. The consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022, including share and per share amounts, include the effects of the IPO. Secondary Public Offering In August 2021, the Company completed a secondary pu blic offering of shares of common stock sold by the selling stockholders identified in the Company s final prospectus that forms a part of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-258186), filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) on August 24, 2021. T he Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders, and the Company incurred of expenses in connection with the secondary public offering, which were recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated stat ements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

and , respectively, in restricted cash set aside for the funding of various maintenance expenses. 
 and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 The Company records payroll tax withholding and exercise proceeds receivable for amounts due to the Company from a third-party broker for amounts used to cover tax liability and exercise proceeds resulting from employee exercises of share-based payment awards. For certain build-to-suit lease arrangements, the Company is responsible for the construction of a lessor owned facility using our designs. As construction occurs, the Company will recognize a construction receivable on the Company's consolidated balance sheets due from the lessor. To the extent costs exceed the amount to be reimbursed by the lessor, the Company will consider such costs prepaid rent, which are added to the associated operating lease right of use asset once the lease commences. The Company carries a broad range of insurance coverage, including general and business auto liability, commercial property, workers compensation, cyber risk, and general umbrella policies. The Company will record receivables from its non-healthcare insurance carriers related to these insurance claims, which are included in other receivables. The receivables are paid when the claim is finalized and the reserved amounts on these claims are expected to be paid within one year. 

Construction receivable 

Income tax receivable 

Insurance receivable 

Other 

Total other receivables 

Other 

Total inventory, gross 

Reserve for obsolescence 

() 

() 

Total inventory, net 

to for buildings and leasehold improvements, and from to for machinery and equipment. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the useful lives of existing equipment are capitalized. For items that are disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized as (gain) loss on sale of assets, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The Company periodically reviews the carrying value of long-lived assets held and used for possible impairment when events and circumstances warrant such a review. 
 to . When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable, management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the result ing profit and cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset or asset group and its eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount, the Company recognizes an impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the fair value. The Company uses a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of these assets, including discounted cash flow models, which are consistent with the assumptions hypothetical marketplace participants would use. The Company tests intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives, including trade names and trademarks, for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that assets might be impaired. The Company uses a variety of methodologies in conducting impairment assessments of indefinite-lived intangible assets, including, but not limited to, discounted cash flow models, which are based on the assumptions the Company believes hypothetical marketplace participants would use. For indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, rather than completing the impairment test. The Company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the Company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the testing described above. Otherwise, the Company does not need to perform any further assessment. The Company completed its indefinite-life intangible asset impairment analysis as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 and concluded that it was not more likely than not that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates its goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit-level on an annual basis (or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount may be impaired). The Company evaluates qualitative factors to determine if performing the quantitative impairment test is required. If it is determined that it is more likely than not, as defined in the guidance, that the carrying value is less than the fair value, the potential for goodwill impairment is evaluated and the amount of impairment loss, if any, is measured and recognized. If the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the carrying value is less than the fair value, no further evaluation is performed. The Company completed its goodwill impairment test as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 and concluded that it is not more likely than not that the carrying value is less than the fair value, and therefore, no further evaluation was performed. The Company all ocated of goodwill to the quick lube facilities disposed of on December 11, 2020. See Note 17 Dispositions for additional information. 
 any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement, related debt issuance costs are presented in Other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The direct costs associated with the funding of long-term debt are amortized to interest expense over the term of the applicable loan. 
 
 to . The Company records rent expense on a straight-line basis beginning on the lease commencement date. Maintenance, insurance and property tax expenses are generally accounted for on an accrual basis as variable lease costs. The Company recognizes variable lease cost for operating leases in the period when changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease payments are based occur. All operating lease rent expense is included in equipment and facilities or general and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The Company records a lease liability for its operating leases equal to the present value of future payments discounted at the estimated fully collateralized incremental borrowing rate (discount rate) corresponding with the lease term as the rate implicit in the Company s leases is not readily determinable. The Company s operating lease liability calculation is the total rent payable during the lease term, including rent escalations in which the amount of future rent is certain or fixed on the straight-line basis over the term of the lease (including any rent holiday period beginning upon the Company s possession of the premises, and any fixed payments stated in the lease). A corresponding operating lease asset is also recorded equaling the initial amount of the operating lease liability, plus any lease payments made to the lessor before or at the lease commencement date and any initial direct costs incurred, less any lease incentives received. The difference between the minimum rents paid and the straight-line rent is reflected within the associated operating lease right of use asset. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Additionally, the Company does not enter into lease transactions with related parties. The Company makes judgments regarding the reasonably certain lease term for each car wash property lease, which can impact the classification and accounting for a lease as finance or operating and/or escalations in payments that are taken into consideration when calculating straight-line rent, and the term over which leasehold improvements for each car wash are amortized. These judgments may produce materially different amounts of depreciation, amortization and rent expense than would be reported if different assumed lease terms were used. 
 and , respectively. All amounts recorded as deferred revenue at year end are recognized as revenue in the following year. Second, revenue from car wash and, prior to 2021, quick lube services are recognized at the point in time services are rendered and the customer pays with cash or credit. Revenues are net of sales tax, refunds and discounts applied as a reduction of revenue at the time of payment. 

Recognized at a point in time 

Other revenue 

Net revenues 

The Company promotes and sells a limited number of prepaid products, which include discounted car wash packages and gift cards that are not material to the financial statements. The Company records the sale of these items as deferred revenue, which is reduced for estimated breakage, which is not material to the financial statements. Revenue is recognized based on the terms of the packages and when the prepaid packages or gift cards are redeemed by the customer. 
 Cost of labor and chemicals include labor costs associated with car wash employees, maintenance employees, warehouse employees, and chemicals and associated supplies. The related employee benefits for the aforementioned employees, such as taxes, insurance and workers compensation, are also included in the cost of labor and chemicals. 
 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 , respectively, and are recorded in other store operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

differences between the compensation cost of an award recognized for financial reporting purposes and the deduction for an award for tax purposes is recognized as an income tax expense or benefit in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in the period in which the tax deduction arises. 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic 

Effect of potentially dilutive securities: 

Stock options 

Restricted stock units 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted 

Net income (loss) per share - basic 

() 

Net income (loss) per share - diluted 

() 

Restricted stock units 

Employee stock purchase plan 

deferred offering costs capitalized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 . 
 financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. There was no change to prior period current or total liabilities. 

Prepaid insurance 

Other 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

52 

Buildings and improvements 

Finance leases 

Leasehold improvements 

Vehicles and equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Less: accumulated amortization - finance leases 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense on finance leases was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. In December 2022, the Company recorded of impairment losses primarily related to the land and building of two locations, using independent third-party appraisals to determine the change in market values. These losses are recorded in gain on sale of assets, net on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

CPC Unity System 

Customer relationships 

Covenants not to compete 

Other intangible assets, net 

The weighted average amortization period for CPC Unity System, Customer relationships, and Covenants not to compete are years, years and years, respectively. Amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total estimated future amortization expense 

Current period acquisitions 

Other provisional adjustments 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

Goodwill is generally deductible for tax purposes, except for the portion related to purchase accounting step-up goodwill. 

Accrued other tax expense 

Insurance expense 

Greenfield development accruals 

Other 

Total other accrued expenses 

Greenfield development accruals represent property and equipment costs, primarily related to land and buildings and improvements not yet invoiced as of December 31, 2022. 

() 

State 

Total current provision (benefit) 

() 

Deferred provision (benefit): 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Total deferred provision (benefit) 

() 

Total provision (benefit) 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Federal credits 

() 

() 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

Other nondeductible expenses 

Valuation allowance adjustment 

() 

Stock based compensation 

() 

() 

() 

Change in tax law (CARES Act) 

() 

Other, net 

() 

() 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

Stock based compensation 

Accrued compensation costs 

Deferred revenue 

Net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards 

Interest expense carryforwards 

Federal credit carryforward 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right of use asset 

() 

() 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

() 

() 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities, net 

() 

() 

The Company had federal and state net operating loss NOL carryforwards available of and at December 31, 2022 , respectively. The federal NOL carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely while of the state NOL carryforwards have indefinite lives and the remaining amounts will expire between 2030 and 2042 . The Company had federal interest expense carryforwards of at December 31, 2022 , which can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company also had state interest expense carryforwards in seven states where the amounts vary by jurisdiction, which also have indefinite lives. The Company had federal general business credits of at December 31, 2022, which can be carried forward for 20 years and if unused, will expire between 2037 and 2042. As noted above, the Company had deferred tax assets related to both federal and state NOL and interest expense carryforwards. When determining the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including taxable income in prior carryback years (if carryback is permitted under the relevant tax law), the timing of the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies and projected future taxable income. The Company adjusts the valuation allowance in the period management determines it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize some or all of the deferred tax assets. For financial reporting purposes, the Company established valuation allowances of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to offset deferred tax assets. The current and prior year valuation allowance relates to state interest expense carryovers and state net operating losses, respectively. Past ownership changes and other equity transactions may have triggered Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, resulting in certain annual limitations on the utilization of existing federal and state net operating losses and credits. Such provisions may limit the potential future tax benefit to be realized by the Company from its accumulated net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. On August 9, 2022, the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors CHIPS Act of 2022 was signed into law. The CHIPS Act is designed to boost domestic semiconductor manufacturing and encourage US research activities. Later that month, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA of 2022 was signed into law. The IRA creates a new book-minimum tax on certain large corporations and an excise tax on stock buybacks while also providing incentives to address climate change mitigation and clean energy, among other items. Most of these changes will become effective for the 2023 tax year and after initial evaluation, the Company does not currently expect these laws to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. The income tax benefit recorded in 2022 is different from the expected statutory federal and state tax benefit primarily due to a income tax benefit related to equity award exercises and/or vesting in 2022, which is net of the impact of the internal revenue code rules and regulations related to the deductibility of executive compensation by publicly held companies . The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various state tax jurisdictions and is subject to varying statutes of limitation in each jurisdiction. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not under audit for federal or state income tax purposes. In general, the Company s federal tax return may be subject to examination for the 2019 through 2021 tax years, while for state purposes, the 2018 through 2021 years are generally open to examination, with some states having either a three- or four-year statute of limitations. The Company s usage of NOL carryovers also permits taxing authorities to adjust aspects of tax returns that may be outside of these statutes of limitation. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax (benefit) provision. The Company neither accrued for r recognized any interest or penalties in income tax expense as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 . The Company has t accrued for any uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 and believes that it is unlikely that there will be a significant increase or decrease of any unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve months. 

Less: unamortized discount and debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Less: current maturities of debt 

First lien term loan, net 

Credit agreement, net 

Total long-term portion of debt, net 

Fiscal Year Ending: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total maturities of debt 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, unamortized debt issuance costs was and , respectively, and accumulated amortization of debt issuance costs was and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , the amortization of debt issuance costs in interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) was approximately , and , respectively. Credit Agreement On August 21, 2014, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement Credit Agreement which was originally comprised of a term loan First Lien Term Loan and a revolving commitment Revolving Commitment ). The Credit Agreement was collateralized by substantially all personal property (including cash, inventory, property and equipment, and intangible assets), real property, and equity interests owned by the Company. or (ii) a Eurodollar (LIBOR) interest rate for one, two, three or six months plus a fixed margin of . to , based on the Company s First Lien Net Debt Leverage Ratio, or (ii) a Eurodollar (LIBOR) interest rate for one, two, three or six months plus a variable margin of to , based on the Company s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio. First Lien Term Loan In February 2020, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement Amended First Lien Credit Agreement which amended and restated the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement entered into in May 2019 First Lien Credit Agreement ). In connection with the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, the Company expensed of previously unamortized debt issuance costs as a loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). In February 2020 and March 2020, the Company borrowed and , respectively, under the delayed draw facility under the First Lien Term Loan, utilizing the full 40,000 available under the delayed draw facility. As a result of the additional borrowings under the delayed draw facility, the quarterly principal payments associated with the First Lien Term Loan increased from to . In June 2021, the Company made a voluntary prepayment of of outstanding principal under the First Lien Term Loan funded by the net proceeds from the IPO. In connection with the voluntary prepayment, the Company expensed of previously unamortized debt issuance costs as a loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The early prepayment resulted in the elimination of required quarterly amortization principal payments through 2026. In December 2021, in connection with the Clean Streak Ventures acquisition, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement Amended First Lien Credit Agreement which amended and restated the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement entered into in May 2019 First Lien Credit Agreement ). Under the terms of the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement, the previous First Lien Term Loan was increased by to with the balance due on . The incremental increase in aggregate principal of 290,000 resulted in of proceeds net of discount and deferred debt issuance costs. In connection with the Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement, the Company expensed of previously unamortized debt issuance costs as a loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). In December 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 to its Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto, and Jeffries Finance LLC, as administrative agent, to transition from LIBOR to Eurocurrency rate SOFR spread, whereas all revolver borrowings and term loan borrowings under the existing credit agreement will be SOFR based. All other terms governing this term loan facility remained substantially the same. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount outstanding under the First Lien Term Loan was and respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the interest rate on the First Lien Term Loan was and , respectively. The Amended First Lien Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain compliance with a First Lien Net Leverage Ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant of the Amended First Lien Credit Agreement. Revolving Credit Agreement In May 2019, as a part of the Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement, the Revolving Commitment was increased from to and the expiration date was changed from August 21, 2019 to . The Company had the option of selecting either a Base Rate interest rate plus a variable margin based on the Company s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (ranging from to or a Eurodollar Rate interest rate for one, two, three or six months plus a variable margin based on the Company s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (ranging from to ). In June 2021, the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement that (i) increased the maximum available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Commitment from to and (ii) extended the maturity date of the Revolving Commitment to the earliest to occur of (a) June 4, 2026, (b) the date that is six months prior to the maturity date of the First Lien Term Loan (provided that clause (b) shall not apply if the maturity date for the First Lien Term Loan is extended to a date that is at least six months after June 4, 2026, the First Lien Term Loan is refinanced having a maturity date at least six months after June 4, 2026, or the First Lien Term Loan is paid in full), (c) the date that commitments under the Revolving Commitment are permanently reduced to zero, and (d) the date of the termination of the commitments under the Revolving Commitment. The increase to the maximum available borrowing capacity was effected on the close of the IPO in June 2021. In connection with the amendment, the Company expensed of previously unamortized deferred debt issuance costs as a loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were amounts outstanding under the Revolving Commitment. The maximum available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Commitment is reduced by outstanding letters of credit under the Revolving Commitment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Commitment was and , respectively. In addition, an unused commitment fee based on the Company s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio is payable on the average of the unused borrowing capacity under the Revolving Commitment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the unused commitment fee was . Standby Letters of Credit As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has a letter of credit sublimit of under the Revolving Commitment, provided that the total utilization of revolving commitments under the Revolving Commitment does not exceed subsequent to the First Lien Credit Agreement. Letters of credit under the Revolving Commitment reduce the maximum available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Commitment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the amounts associated with outstanding letters of credit were and , respectively, and unused letters of credit under the Revolving Commitment were and , respectively. 

 10 

The following table presents financial liabilities which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2021: 

Fair Value Measurements 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets: 

Interest rate swap 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration 

The Company measures the fair value of its financial assets and liabilities using the highest level of inputs that are available as of the measurement date. The carrying amounts of cash, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate their fair value due to the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. See Note 11 Interest Rate Swap for additional information on the interest rate swap. As of December 31, 2 22 and 2 21 , the fair value of the Company s First Lien Term Loan approximated its carrying value due to the debt's variable interest rate terms. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company also recognized assets in cash investments of , of which are held in commercial paper and categorized as Level 2 assets and held in money market funds, which are categorized as Level 1 assets. and are recorded within Cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021 , the Company did t record any cash investments. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a Level 3 contingent consideration liability in connection with the Downtowner Car Wash acquisition. The Company measured its contingent consideration liability arising from its 2021 acquisition using Level 3 unobservable inputs. The contingent consideration liability is associated with the achievement of certain targets and is estimated at each balance sheet date by considering among other factors, results of completed periods and the Company's most recent financial projection for future periods subject to earn-out payments. There are two components to the contingent consideration: a payment when the Company obtains the certificate of occupancy for the car wash and opens to the public in 2023 and an annual payment based on certain financial metrics of the business. A change in the forecasted revenue or projected opening dates could result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. The Company determined that there were significant changes to the unobservable inputs that would have resulted in a change in fair value of this contingent consideration liability at December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2 22 and 2 21 , there were transfers between fair value measurement levels. 

 of the Company s variable-rate First Lien Term Loan. The Company designated the Swap as a cash flow hedge. In October 2022, this interest rate swap expired and the Company did not enter into a new one. As of December 31, 2021, the fair val ue of the Swap was reported as a debit balance of and was included in prepaid and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts reported in other comprehensive income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) are net of tax of and , respectively. 

Finance 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating 
 
 Current maturities of operating lease liability 

Finance 
 
 Current maturities of finance lease liability 

Long-term 

Operating 
 
 Operating lease liability 

Finance 
 
 Financing lease liability 

Total lease liabilities 

Finance lease expense 

Amortization of lease assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Short-term lease expense 

Variable lease expense (2) 

Total 

(1) 

 (2) 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Operating lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Finance lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining operating lease term 

Weighted-average remaining finance lease term 

Weighted-average operating lease discount rate 

Weighted-average finance lease discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum obligations 

Less: Present value discount 

() 

() 

Present value of net future minimum lease obligations 

Less: current portion 

() 

() 

Long-term obligations 

Forward Starting Leases As of December 31, 2022, the Company ent ered into leases that had not yet commenced related to build-to-suit arrangements for car wash locations. These leases will commence in years 2023 through 2025 with initial lease terms of to . As of December 31, 2021 , the Company entered into leases that had not yet commenced related to build-to-suit arrangements for car wash locations. These leases commenced in 2022 or will commence in the remainder of 2023 with initial lease terms of five to . Sale-leaseback Transactions During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company completed sale-leaseback transactions related to car wash locations with aggregate consideration of , resulting in net gains of , which is included in gain on sale of assets, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Contemporaneously with the closing of the sales, the Company entered into lease agreements for the properties for initial 15 - to terms. For the sale-leaseback transactions consummated for the year ended December 31, 2022, the cumulative initial annual rents for the properties were approxim ately , subject to annual escalations. These leases are accounted for as operating leases. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed sale-leaseback transactions related to car wash locations with aggregate consideration of , resulting in net gains of , which is included in gain on sale of assets, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Contemporaneously with the closing of the sales, the Company entered into lease agreements for the properties for initial 15 - to terms. For the sale-leaseback transactions consummated for the year ended December 31, 2021, the cumulative initial annual rents for the properties were approxim ately , subject to annual escalations. These leases are accounted for as operating leases. 

 shares of common stock authorized, shares of common stock issued, and shares of common stock outstanding. At December 31, 2021 , there were shares of common stock issued, and shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there were shares of preferred stock authorized and were issued or outstanding. The Company uses the cost method to account for treasury stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company h ad shares of treasury stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cost of treasury stock included in additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets w as . 

 14 
 (a) Green Equity Investors VI, L.P., (b) Green Equity Investors Side VI, L.P., (c) LGP Associates VI-A, LLC, (d) LGP Associates VI-B LLC, and (e) the affiliates of the foregoing entities. Measurement Date is defined as the date of a change in control or an initial public offering, whichever comes first. The Target Proceeds and Maximum Amount are defined and measured by either multiples of invested capital or an annual compounded pre-tax internal rate of return on investment. In June 2021, the Company modified all outstanding shares of Performance Vesting Options to remove, subject to the successful completion of the IPO, the requirement that the Principal Stockholders receive the Target Proceeds and the Maximum Amount as conditions for the Performance Vesting Options to vest. The exercise prices for stock options granted under the 2014 Plan were not less than the fair market value of the common stock of the Company on the date of grant. For the avoidance of doubt, the IPO constituted a performance measurement date under the applicable option agreements for the Performance Vesting Options and the Performance Vesting Options vested in full in connection with the IPO. The 2021 Plan In June 2021, the Board adopted the 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the 2021 Plan ), which was subsequently approved by the Company's stockholders and became effective on June 25, 2021. Under the 2021 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock units RSUs ), restricted stock, and other stock- or cash-based awards to its employees, directors, officers, and non-employee consultants. Initially, the maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued under the 2021 Plan is new shares of common stock, which includes shares of common stock that remained available for issuance under the 2014 Plan at June 25, 2021. In connection with the IPO, stock option and RSU awards were granted with respect to shares. Any shares of common stock subject to outstanding stock awards granted under the 2014 Plan and, following June 25, 2021, terminate, expire or are otherwise forfeited, reacquired or withheld will become available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. All stock options granted under the 2021 Plan are equity-classified and have a contractual life of ten years. Under the 2021 Plan, the stock options contain service-based vesting conditions and generally vest ratably over a three- or five-year period (collectively with stock options under the 2014 Plan, the Time Vesting Options ). The exercise prices for stock options granted under the 2021 Plan were not less than the fair market value of the common stock of the Company on the date of grant. RSUs granted under the 2021 Plan are equity-classified and contain service-based conditions and generally vest ratably over one- to five-year periods. Each RSU represents the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock upon vesting. The fair value is calculated based upon the Company s closing stock price on the date of grant, and the stock-based compensation expense is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. The 2014 Plan and 2021 Plan are administered by the Board or, at the discretion of the Board, by a committee thereof. The exercise prices for stock options, the vesting of awards, and other restrictions are determined at the discretion of the Board, or its committee if so delegated. The 2021 ESPP In June 2021, the Board adopted the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2021 ESPP ), which was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders and became effective in June 2021. The 2021 ESPP authorizes the initial issuance of up to shares of the Company s common stock to eligible employees of the Company or, as designated by the Board, employees of a related company. The 2021 ESPP provides for offering periods not to exceed 27 months, and each offering period will include purchase periods. The Company determined that offering periods would commence at approximately the six-month period beginning with an enrollment date and ending with the next exercise date, except that the first offering period commenced on the effective date of the Company's registration statement and ended on November 9, 2021. and (ii) such lesser number of shares of common stock as determined by the Board. Share-Based Payment Valuation The grant date fair value of Time Vesting Options granted is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The grant date fair value of Performance Vesting Options is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model and a barrier-adjusted Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The grant date fair value of stock purchase rights granted under the 2021 ESPP is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 2021 ESPP Valuation - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected term (in years) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 

Time Vesting Options The following table presents, on a weighted-average basis, the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the grant date fair value of Time Vesting Options granted under the 2014 Plan and 2021 Plan during the periods presented as follows : 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected term (in years) 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 

Stock Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Options vested or expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Non-vested as of December 31, 2022 

Granted during the period 

Vested during the period 

Forfeited/canceled during the period 

The total grant date fair value of Time Vesting Options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately . The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The weighted-average fair value of time vesting options granted in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , estimated on the dates of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the weighted-average remaining contractual life of outstanding stock options was approximately years and years . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the weighted-average remaining contractual life of currently exercisable stock options was approximately years and years . Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

The total fair value of RSUs that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted-average remaining contractual life of outstanding RSUs was approximately years and years, respectively. Stock-Based Compensation Expense The Company estimated a forfeiture rate of for awards with service-based vesting conditions based on historical experience and future expectations of the vesting of these share-based payments. The Company used this rate as an assumption in calculating stock-based compensation expense for Time Vesting Options, RSUs, and stock purchase rights granted under the 2021 ESPP. 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Income tax benefit for stock-based compensation expense 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total stock-based compensation expense, by award type, recorded in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the periods presented is as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Time Vesting Options 

Performance Vesting Options 

RSUs 

2021 ESPP 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested Time Vesting Options was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. As of December 31, 2022 , there was unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested Performance Vesting Options as the completion of the IPO satisfied the performance condition and as a result, all outstanding Performance Vesting Options vested. As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs was , w hich is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. As of December 31, 2022 , total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock purchase rights under the 2021 ESPP was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Modification of Stock Options In February 2021, the Company modified a total of shares of Performance Vesting Options for 12 grantees to provide for an additional service-based vesting condition related to the acceleration of vesting in connection with a grantees death. The Company did not recognize current incremental stock-based compensation expense in connection with the modification during the year ended December 31, 2022 because the grants vest upon the earlier of a performance condition or a service condition, neither of which are probable of occurring until the condition is met. The modification resulted in an incremental increase to unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested Performance Vesting Options of , which was recognized in June 2021 in connection with the completion of the IPO. In June 2021, the Company modified all outstanding shares of Performance Vesting Options to remove, subject to the successful completion of the IPO, the requirement that the Principal Stockholders receive the Target Proceeds and the Maximum Amount as conditions for the Performance Vesting Options to vest. This modification resulted in incremental stock-based compensation expense of , which was recognized in June 2021 in connection with the completion of the IPO. 

 , , and , respectively, of matching contributions. The Company maintains a nonqualified deferred compensation plan for certain management employees. Under the deferred compensation plan, a participant may elect to defer up to of their base salary, of their annual bonus, and/or of 401(k) contributions that fail the top-heavy testing for highly compensated employees. The Company may make discretionary matching contributions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred compensation liability under this plan within accrued payroll and related expenses was and , respectively. 

 , and of acquisition-related costs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of acquired goodwill that is not deductible for income tax purp oses is and , respectively. The goodwill recognized in 2022 and 2021 is primarily attributable to the expected synergies to be achieved from the business combinations. 2022 Acquisitions For the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company acquired the assets and liabilities of conveyorized car washes in four acquisitions for total consideration of approximately , which was paid in cash. These acquisitions resulted in the preliminary recognition of of goodwill, of property and equipment, of intangible assets related to covenant not to compete, of other assets and liabilities. Adjustments related to 2022 acquisitions were not material in the current year. The weighted-average amortization period for the acquired covenants not to compete is years. 
 
 April 

California (Speedwash) 

April 

Minnesota (Top Wash) 

August 

California (Rapid Xpress) 

December 

Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Information 

Net income 

The pro forma results presented above primarily include amortization charges for acquired intangible assets, depreciation adjustments for property and equipment that has been revalued, adjustments for certain acquisition-related charges, and the related tax effects. The pro forma information is presented for information purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place at such time. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the revenues and earnings of the acquisitions reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) were and ), respectively. 2021 Acquisitions For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired the assets and liabilities of conveyorized car washes in five acquisitions for total consideration of approximately , which was paid in cash. These acquisitions resulted in the preliminary recognition of of goodwill, of property and equipment, of intangible assets related to customer relationships, of intangible assets related to covenants not to compete, and of net liabilities. In connection with the Downtowner Car Wash acquisition, the Company recognized a contingent consideration liability of . See Note 10 Fair Value Measurements for additional information regarding the contingent consideration liability. During the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of receiving in escrow funds associated with an acquired location that did not receive zoning permits as required under the purchase agreement, the Company recorded an adjustment during the measurement period to its Clean Streak Ventures LLC purchase price allocation which reduced goodwill by and land by . Additional adjustments related to 2021 acquisitions were not material in the current year. The weighted-average amortization periods for the acquired customer relationships and covenants not to compete are years and years, respectively. 

Location (Seller) 
 
 Number of Washes 
 
 Month Acquired 

Florida (Superwash Express) 

June 

Texas (Super Suds Car Wash) 

July 

Texas (Daddy O's Car Wash) 

November 

Florida (Downtowner Car Wash) 

December 

Florida (Clean Streak Ventures LLC) 

December 

Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Information 

Net income 

The pro forma results presented above primarily include amortization charges for acquired intangible assets, depreciation adjustments for property and equipment that has been revalued, adjustments for certain acquisition-related charges, and the related tax effects. The pro forma information is presented for information purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place at such time. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the revenues and earnings of the acquisitions reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) wer e and , re spectively. 2020 Acquisitions For the year end December 31, 2020 , the Company acquired the assets and liabilities of conveyorized car washes in four separate acquisitions for total consideration of approximately , which was paid in cash. These acquisitions resulted in the recognition of of goodwill, of property and equipment, of intangible assets related to covenants not to compete, and in other assets and liabilities. 
 
 January 

Washington (Bush) 

September 

Texas (Soapbox Express) 

November 

Florida (Avatar) 

December 

quick lube facilities for to an unrelated third party, subject to certain inventory value adjustments. The sale of the quick lube facilities is in line with the Company s focus on growing its car wash business. The sale was effective on . The disposition of the quick lube facilities did not meet the criteria to be reported as a discontinued operation and accordingly, its results of operations have not been reclassified. A gain totaling was recognized on the sale during the year ended , which is recorded as (gain) loss on sale of assets in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As part of the sale and sublease of the quick lube facilities, the Company agreed to indemnify the buyer/subtenant for certain liabilities if they occurred or arose prior to or on the closing date, subject to a specified cap in some instances. The Company is not aware of any such liabilities or attendant indemnification obligations that require accrual at . 

 68 

annually for various advisory and monitoring services provided to the Company. During the COVID-19 pandemic, these fees were waived for the remainder of 2020. The management services agreement with LGP that provided for the advisory and monitoring services terminated in June 2021 upon the consummation of the IPO. For years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total fees and expenses paid by the Company to LGP were , , , respectively. Fees and expenses paid to LGP are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). LGP was one of the Company s creditors under the Second Lien Credit Agreement with an investment of allowed through the Amended Second Lien Credit Agreement. The Company made a voluntary prepayment of all outstanding balances under the Second Lien Term Loan in June 2021 (see Note 9 Debt). 

 and , respectively, for assessments on insurance claims filed, which are included in other accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, in other receivables from its non-healthcare insurance carriers related to these insurance claims, whi ch are included in other receivables in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The receivables are paid when the claim is finalized and the reserved amounts on these claims are expected to be paid within . Environmental Matters Operations at certain facilities currently or previously owned or leased by the Company utilize, or in the past have utilized, hazardous substances generally in compliance with applicable law. Periodically, the Company has had minor claims asserted against it by regulatory agencies or private parties for environmental matters relating to the handling of hazardous substances by the Company, and it has incurred obligations for investigations or remedial actions with respect to certain of these matters. There can be no assurances that activities at these facilities, or future facilities owned or operated by the Company, may not result in additional environmental claims being asserted against the Company or additional investigations or remedial actions being required. The Company is not aware of any significant remediation matters as of December 31, 2022. Because of various factors including the difficulty of identifying the responsible parties for any particular site, the complexity of determining the relative liability among them, the uncertainty as to the most desirable remediation techniques and the amount of damages and clean-up costs and the time period during which such costs may be incurred, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate cost of claims asserted against the Company related to environmental matters; however, the Company does not believe such costs will be material to its consolidated financial statements. In addition to potential claims asserted against the Company, there are certain regulatory obligations associated with these facilities. The Company also has a third-party specialist to review the sites subject to these regulations annually, for the purpose of assigning future cost. A third party has conducted a preliminary assessment of site restoration provisions arising from these regulations and the Company has recognized a provisional amount. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded an environmental remediation accrual of , which is included in other accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

 69 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In order to ensure that the information we must disclose in our filings with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis, we have developed and implemented disclosure controls and procedures. Our management, with the participation of our Chairperson, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). 
 Using criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework), our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 The independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their report is included herein. 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Mister Car Wash, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Mister Car Wash, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 70 

Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 Tempe, Arizona February 24, 2023 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 71 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Code of Conduct 
 Our board of directors has adopted a code of conduct (the Code of Conduct applicable to all of our directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions) and employees. Our Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.mistercarwash.com under Investor Relations. Our Code of Conduct is a code of ethics as defined in Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. We intend to make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of, provisions of our Code of Conduct on our website to satisfy requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our Proxy Statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 72 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

1. Consolidated financial statements: All consolidated financial statements as set forth under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2. Supplementary Financial Statement Schedules: Supplementary schedules have not been included because they are not applicable or because the information is included elsewhere in this report. 

3. Exhibits: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 Form 
 File. No 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Furnished Herewith 

2.1+ 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and among Sunshine Acquisition Sub Corp., Clean Streak Ventures, LLC, MDKMH Partners, Inc., Clean Streak Ventures Intermediate Holdco, LLC (the CSV Seller ), MKH Capital Partners Offshore Fund I, LP (the CSV Blocker Seller and together with the CSV Seller, each a Seller and together the Sellers ), and Clean Streak Ventures Holdco, LLC, as the representative of the Sellers. 
 10-Q 
 001-40542 
 2.1 
 05/13/2022 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company 
 8-K 
 001-40542 
 3.1 
 07/02/2021 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company 
 8-K 
 001-40542 
 3.2 
 07/02/2021 

4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-K 
 001-40542 
 4.1 
 03/25/2022 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Shareholders Agreement, dated June 29, 2021, among the Company and certain of its shareholders 
 8-K 
 001-40542 
 10.1 
 07/02/2021 

10.2 
 
 Second Amendment to the First Lien Term Loan Agreement, dated June 4, 2021, by and among Mister Car Wash Holdings, Inc. and the parties thereto named therein 
 S-1/A 
 333-256697 
 10.1(b) 
 6/17/2021 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated First Lien Term Loan Agreement, dated May 14, 2019, by and among Mister Car Wash Holdings, Inc. and the parties thereto named therein 
 S-1 
 333-256697 
 10.1 
 06/02/2021 

10.4 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated First Lien Term Loan Agreement, dated February 5, 2020, by and among Mister Car Wash Holdings, Inc. and the parties thereto named therein 
 S-1 
 333-256697 
 10.1(a) 
 06/02/2021 

10.5 
 
 Second Amendment to the First Lien Term Loan Agreement, dated June 4, 2021, by and among Mister Car Wash Holdings, Inc. and the parties thereto named therein 
 S-1 
 333-256697 
 10.2 
 06/02/2021 

10.6 
 
 First Amendment to the Second Lien Term Loan Agreement, dated March 31, 2020, by and among Mister Car Wash Holdings, Inc. and the parties thereto named therein 
 S-1 
 333-256697 
 10.2(a) 
 06/02/2021 

10.7 
 
 Third Amendment to the First Lien Term Loan Agreement, dated December 8, 2021, by and among Mister Car Wash Holdings, Inc. and the parties thereto named therein 
 10-K 
 001-40542 
 10.7 
 03/25/2022 

10.8 
 
 2014 Stock Option Plan of Hotshine Holdings, Inc. 
 S-1 
 333-256697 
 10.3 
 06/02/2021 

73 

Form of Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Option Plan of Hotshine Holdings, Inc. Form of Option Agreement under the 2014 Stock Option Plan of Hotshine Holdings, Inc. 
 S-1 
 333-256697 
 10.3(a)1 
 06/02/2021 

10.9 
 
 Mister Car Wash, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan 
 S-1A 
 333-256697 
 10.4 
 06/17/2021 

10.10 
 
 Mister Car Wash, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-1A 
 333-256697 
 10.12 
 06/17/2021 

10.11 
 
 Mister Car Wash, Inc. Executive Severance Plan 
 S-1A 
 333-256697 
 10.13 
 06/17/2021 

10.12 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 S-1A 
 333-256697 
 10.5 
 06/17/2021 

10.13 
 
 Form of Indemnification and Advancement Agreement 
 S-1A 
 333-256697 
 10.6 
 06/17/2021 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement with John Lai 
 10-K 
 001-40542 
 10.14 
 03/25/2022 

10.15 
 
 Form of Option Agreement under the Mister Car Wash, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan 
 S-1A 
 333-256697 
 10.10 
 06/17/2021 

10.16 
 
 Form of RSU Agreement under the Mister Car Wash, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan 
 S-1A 
 333-256697 
 10.11 
 06/17/2021 

10.17 
 
 Mister Car Wash, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-1A 
 333-256697 
 10.12 
 06/17/2021 

10.18 
 
 Mister Car Wash, Inc. Executive Severance Plan 
 S-1A 
 333-256697 
 10.13 
 06/17/2022 

10.19 
 
 Transition Agreement, dated June 21,2022, by and between Mister Car Wash, Inc. and Lisa Funk 
 8-K 
 001-40542 
 10.1 
 06/24/2022 

10.20 
 
 Fourth Amendment to the First Lien Term Loan Agreement, dated December 12, 2022, by and among Mister Car Wash Holdings, Inc. and the parties thereto named therein 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of Mister Car Wash, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

74 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 	Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 +	Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to 	furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 75 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Mister Car Wash, Inc. 

Date: February 24 , 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John Lai 

John Lai 

Chairperson, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 24 , 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jedidiah Gold 

Jedidiah Gold 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ John Lai 
 
 Chairperson, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 February 24, 2023 

John Lai 

/s/ Jedidiah Gold 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Jedidiah Gold 

/s/ John Danhakl 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

John Danhakl 

/s/ Jonathan Seiffer 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Jonathan Seiffer 

/s/ J. Kristofer Galashan 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

J. Kristofer Galashan 

/s/ Jeffrey Suer 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Jeffrey Suer 

/s/ Jodi Taylor 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Jodi Taylor 

/s/ Dorvin Lively 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Dorvin Lively 

/s/ Ronald Kirk 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Ronald Kirk 

/s/ Veronica Rogers 
 
 Director 
 
 February 24, 2023 

Veronica Rogers 

76 

<EX-10>
 2
 mcw-ex10_20.htm
 EX-10.20

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.20 

AMENDED AND RESTATED FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of May 14, 2019 
 by and among 
 MISTER CAR WASH HOLDINGS, INC., as Borrower 
 HOTSHINE INTERMEDIATECO, INC., as Holdings 
 JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 and 
 THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO ________________ 
 Jefferies Finance LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., UBS Securities LLC and Nomura Securities International, Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions and Accounting Terms 

SECTION 1.01 
 Defined Terms 
 2 

SECTION 1.02 
 Other Interpretive Provisions 
 77 

SECTION 1.03 
 Accounting Terms; Accounting Periods; Unrestricted Subsidiaries; Determination of Fair Market Value 
 78 

SECTION 1.04 
 Rounding 
 78 

SECTION 1.05 
 References to Agreements, Laws, Etc. 
 78 

SECTION 1.06 
 Times of Day 
 78 

SECTION 1.07 
 Available Amount Transactions 
 78 

SECTION 1.08 
 Pro Forma Calculations; Limited Condition Acquisitions; Basket and Ratio Compliance 
 79 

SECTION 1.09 
 Currency Equivalents Generally 
 82 

SECTION 1.10 
 Amendment and Restatement 
 83 

ARTICLE II The Commitments and Borrowings 

SECTION 2.01 
 Term Loans 
 83 

SECTION 2.02 
 Revolving Loans 
 85 

SECTION 2.03 
 Swing Line Loans 
 86 

SECTION 2.04 
 Issuance of Letters of Credit and Purchase of Participations Therein 
 89 

SECTION 2.05 
 Conversion/Continuation 
 98 

SECTION 2.06 
 Availability 
 99 

SECTION 2.07 
 Prepayments 
 100 

SECTION 2.08 
 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 
 107 

SECTION 2.09 
 Repayment of Loans 
 108 

SECTION 2.10 
 Interest 
 108 

SECTION 2.11 
 Fees 
 109 

SECTION 2.12 
 Computation of Interest and Fees 
 111 

SECTION 2.13 
 Evidence of Indebtedness 
 112 

SECTION 2.14 
 Payments Generally 
 112 

SECTION 2.15 
 Sharing of Payments, Etc. 
 114 

SECTION 2.16 
 Incremental Borrowings 
 114 

SECTION 2.17 
 Refinancing Amendments 
 118 

SECTION 2.18 
 Extensions of Loans 
 119 

SECTION 2.19 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 121 

SECTION 2.20 
 Currency Equivalents 
 125 

SECTION 2.21 
 Judgment Currency 
 125 

SECTION 2.22 
 Discontinuance of ICE LIBOR. 
 125 

ARTICLE III Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality 

SECTION 3.01 
 Taxes 
 126 

SECTION 3.02 
 Illegality 
 130 

SECTION 3.03 
 Inability to Determine Rates 
 131 

IF 4096 = 1 C:\Users\NIKICNIC\Desktop\Project Falcon First Lien Credit Agreement-v17.docx 

SECTION 3.04 
 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans 
 132 

SECTION 3.05 
 Funding Losses 
 133 

SECTION 3.06 
 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation 
 134 

SECTION 3.07 
 Replacement of Lenders Under Certain Circumstances 
 134 

SECTION 3.08 
 Survival 
 136 

SECTION 3.09 
 Revolving Facility Benchmark Replacement Setting 
 136 

ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent to Borrowings 

SECTION 4.01 
 Conditions to Initial Borrowing 
 137 

SECTION 4.02 
 Conditions to All Borrowings After the Closing Date 
 139 

SECTION 4.03 
 Conditions to All Borrowings of Delayed Draw Term Loans 
 140 

ARTICLE V Representations and Warranties 

SECTION 5.01 
 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws 
 141 

SECTION 5.02 
 Authorization; No Contravention 
 141 

SECTION 5.03 
 Governmental Authorization 
 142 

SECTION 5.04 
 Binding Effect 
 142 

SECTION 5.05 
 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 
 143 

SECTION 5.06 
 Litigation 
 143 

SECTION 5.07 
 Labor Matters 
 143 

SECTION 5.08 
 Ownership of Property; Liens 
 143 

SECTION 5.09 
 Environmental Matters 
 143 

SECTION 5.10 
 Taxes 
 144 

SECTION 5.11 
 ERISA Compliance 
 144 

SECTION 5.12 
 Subsidiaries 
 144 

SECTION 5.13 
 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 
 145 

SECTION 5.14 
 Disclosure 
 145 

SECTION 5.15 
 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 
 145 

SECTION 5.16 
 Solvency 
 145 

SECTION 5.17 
 USA PATRIOT Act, FCPA and OFAC 
 145 

SECTION 5.18 
 Collateral Documents 
 146 

SECTION 5.19 
 Use of Proceeds 
 146 

ARTICLE VI Affirmative Covenants 

SECTION 6.01 
 Financial Statements 
 146 

SECTION 6.02 
 Certificates; Other Information 
 148 

SECTION 6.03 
 Notices 
 149 

SECTION 6.04 
 Payment of Certain Taxes 
 150 

SECTION 6.05 
 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 150 

SECTION 6.06 
 Maintenance of Properties 
 150 

SECTION 6.07 
 Maintenance of Insurance 
 150 

SECTION 6.08 
 Compliance with Laws 
 151 

SECTION 6.09 
 Books and Records 
 151 

SECTION 6.10 
 Inspection Rights 
 151 

SECTION 6.11 
 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security 
 151 

SECTION 6.12 
 Further Assurances 
 153 

SECTION 6.13 
 Designation of Subsidiaries 
 154 

SECTION 6.14 
 Maintenance of Ratings 
 155 

SECTION 6.15 
 Post-Closing Matters 
 155 

SECTION 6.16 
 Use of Proceeds 
 155 

ARTICLE VII Negative Covenants 

SECTION 7.01 
 Liens 
 156 

SECTION 7.02 
 Investments 
 161 

SECTION 7.03 
 Indebtedness 
 164 

SECTION 7.04 
 Fundamental Changes 
 168 

SECTION 7.05 
 Dispositions 
 171 

SECTION 7.06 
 Restricted Payments 
 173 

SECTION 7.07 
 Change in Nature of Business 
 177 

SECTION 7.08 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 177 

SECTION 7.09 
 Burdensome Agreements 
 179 

SECTION 7.10 
 Prepayments, Etc. of Junior Financing; Amendments to Junior Financing Documents and Organizational Documents 
 181 

SECTION 7.11 
 Passive Holding Company 
 182 

ARTICLE VIII Financial Covenant 

SECTION 8.01 
 First Lien Net Leverage Ratio 
 184 

SECTION 8.02 
 Borrower s Right to Cure 
 184 

ARTICLE IX Events of Default and Remedies 

SECTION 9.01 
 Events of Default 
 185 

SECTION 9.02 
 Remedies upon Event of Default 
 187 

SECTION 9.03 
 Application of Funds 
 188 

ARTICLE X Administrative Agent and Other Agents 

SECTION 10.01 
 Appointment and Authority of the Administrative Agent 
 189 

SECTION 10.02 
 Rights as a Lender 
 190 

SECTION 10.03 
 Exculpatory Provisions 
 190 

SECTION 10.04 
 Reliance by the Agents 
 192 

SECTION 10.05 
 Delegation of Duties 
 192 

SECTION 10.06 
 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders; Disclosure of Information by Agents 
 193 

SECTION 10.07 
 Indemnification of Agents 
 193 

SECTION 10.08 
 No Other Duties; Other Agents, Lead Arrangers, Managers, Etc. 
 194 

SECTION 10.09 
 Resignation of Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent 
 195 

SECTION 10.10 
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding 
 195 

SECTION 10.11 
 Collateral and Guaranty Matters 
 197 

SECTION 10.12 
 Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents 
 200 

SECTION 10.13 
 Intercreditor Agreements 
 201 

SECTION 10.14 
 Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements 
 201 

SECTION 10.15 
 Withholding Taxes 
 201 

SECTION 10.16 
 Certain ERISA Matters 
 202 

ARTICLE XI Miscellaneous 

SECTION 11.01 
 Amendments, Waivers, Etc. 
 203 

SECTION 11.02 
 Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies 
 208 

SECTION 11.03 
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 
 210 

SECTION 11.04 
 Attorney Costs and Expenses 
 210 

SECTION 11.05 
 Indemnification by the Borrower 
 211 

SECTION 11.06 
 Marshaling; Payments Set Aside 
 212 

SECTION 11.07 
 Successors and Assigns 
 213 

SECTION 11.08 
 Confidentiality 
 221 

SECTION 11.09 
 Set-off 
 223 

SECTION 11.10 
 Interest Rate Limitation 
 224 

SECTION 11.11 
 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness 
 224 

SECTION 11.12 
 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 
 224 

SECTION 11.13 
 Survival 
 224 

SECTION 11.14 
 Severability 
 225 

SECTION 11.15 
 GOVERNING LAW 
 225 

SECTION 11.16 
 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY 
 226 

SECTION 11.17 
 Limitation of Liability 
 226 

SECTION 11.18 
 Use of Name, Logo, Etc. 
 227 

SECTION 11.19 
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 
 227 

SECTION 11.20 
 Service of Process 
 227 

SECTION 11.21 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 227 

SECTION 11.22 
 Binding Effect 
 228 

SECTION 11.23 
 Obligations Several; Independent Nature of Lender s Rights 
 228 

SECTION 11.24 
 Headings 
 228 

SECTION 11.25 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. 
 228 

SCHEDULES 
 2.01	Commitments 
 5.06	Litigation 
 5.07	Labor Matters 
 5.08	Material Real Property 
 5.11(a)	ERISA Compliance 
 5.11(b)	ERISA Compliance 
 5.12	Subsidiaries 
 6.15	Post-Closing Matters 
 11.02	Administrative Agent s Office, Certain Addresses for Notices 
 EXHIBITS 
 Form of 
 A-1	Committed Loan Notice 
 A-2	Issuance Notice 
 A-3	Conversion/Continuation Notice 
 A-4	Swing Line Notice 
 B-1	Term Loan Note 
 B-2	Revolving Loan Note 
 B-3	Swing Line Note 
 C	Compliance Certificate 
 D-1	Assignment and Assumption 
 D-2	Affiliate Assignment Notice 
 E	Guaranty 
 F	Security Agreement 
 G-1	Non-Bank Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships or Pass-Thru Entities For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 G-2	Non-Bank Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships or Pass-Thru Entities For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 G-3	Non-Bank Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships or Pass-Thru Entities For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 G-4	Non-Bank Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships or Pass-Thru Entities For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 H	Global Intercompany Note 
 I	Solvency Certificate 
 J	Prepayment Notice 
 K-1	Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
 K-2	Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement 
 L	Auction Procedures 

AMENDED AND RESTATED FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT is entered into as of May 14, 2019, by and among MISTER CAR WASH HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), HOTSHINE INTERMEDIATECO, INC., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC Jefferies Finance ), as administrative agent (in such capacity, including any successor thereto, the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent (in such capacity, including any successor thereto, the Collateral Agent under the Loan Documents, each Issuing Bank from time to time party hereto, each financial institution listed on the signature pages hereto as an agent, Jefferies Finance, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP. BMOCM ), UBS SECURITIES LLC UBS and NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. (together with its affiliates, Nomura , as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (collectively, the Lead Arrangers ), and each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and, individually, a Lender ). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 The Borrower, the Administrative Agent and certain lenders are party to that certain First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2014 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2014, as amended by that certain Incremental Amendment No. 1, dated as of June 30, 2016, as amended by that certain Second Incremental Amendment, dated as of December 14, 2016, as amended by the that certain Third Incremental Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2017, as amended by that certain Fourth Incremental Amendment, dated as of December 18, 2017, as amended by that certain Fifth Incremental Amendment, dated as of December 7, 2018, and as amended by that certain Sixth Incremental Amendment, dated as of March 29, 2019, the Existing Credit Agreement ). 
 The parties hereto wish to completely amend, restate and modify (but not extinguish) the Existing Credit Agreement through the execution of this Agreement. 
 The Borrower has requested that (a) substantially simultaneously with the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Article IV below, the Lenders extend credit to the Borrower in the form of (i) 800,000,000.00 of Initial Term Loans, (ii) 40,000,000.00 of Delayed Draw Commitments on the Closing Date and 75,000,000.00 of Revolving Commitments on the Closing Date as a first lien secured credit facility and (b) from time to time, the Revolving Lenders make Revolving Loans, the Swing Line Lender to make Swing Line Loans and the Issuing Banks issue Letters of Credit, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 On the Closing Date, the Borrower will enter into the Second Lien Credit Agreement pursuant to which the lenders party thereto will extend credit to the Borrower in the form of 225,000,000.00 of Second Lien Term Loans. 
 The proceeds of the Initial Term Loans, together with the proceeds of the Second Lien Term Loans, will be used on the Closing Date (a) to repay the Existing Debt, (b) to pay the Transaction Expenses, (c) for working capital and other purposes permitted by this Agreement and (d) to make the Specified Dividend. 
 The applicable Lenders have indicated their willingness to lend, and each Issuing Bank has indicated its willingness to issue Letters of Credit, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I Definitions and Accounting Terms 
 SECTION 1.01	 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth below: 
 2021 Incremental Revolving Commitments has the meaning provided in the Second Amendment. 
 2021 Incremental Revolving Facility has the meaning provided in the Second Amendment. 
 2021 Incremental Revolving Lenders has the meaning provided in the Second Amendment. 
 2021 Incremental Term Lenders has the meaning provided in the Third Amendment. 
 2021 Incremental Term Loans has the meaning provided in the Third Amendment. 
 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitments has the meaning provided in the Third Amendment. 
 2021 Refinancing Revolving Commitments has the meaning provided in the Second Amendment. 
 2021 Refinancing Revolving Lenders has the meaning provided in the Second Amendment. 
 Additional Lender means, at any time, any bank, other financial institution or institutional investor that, in any case, is not an existing Lender and that agrees to provide any portion of any (a) Incremental Loan in accordance with Section 2.16 or (b) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment in accordance with Section 2.17 ; provided that each Additional Lender (other than any Person that is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender at such time) shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and/or the Issuing Banks (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), in each case to the extent any such consent would be required from the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and/or the Issuing Banks under Section 11.07(b)(iii)(B) , (C) , and/or (D) , respectively, for an assignment of Loans to such Additional Lender. 
 Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate means, with respect to any Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, the Eurocurrency Rate based on clause (b) or (c) of the definition of Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period and (b) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, the Eurocurrency Rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate shall in no event be less than (1) 0.00 per annum with respect to (a) Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans made to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) and (b) all other Term Loans unless an alternate Eurocurrency Rate floor is specifically noted in the documentation with respect to such other Term Loans or such documentation with respect to such other Term Loans specifically provides that there shall be no Eurocurrency Rate floor and (2) 0.00 per annum with respect to all Revolving Loans. The Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate will be adjusted automatically as to all Borrowings of Eurocurrency Rate Loans then outstanding as of the effective date of any change in the Statutory Reserve Rate. 

Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment; provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 11.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlled has the meaning correlative thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Lead Arrangers, the Agents or their respective lending affiliates shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Jefferies LLC and its Affiliates shall be deemed to be Affiliates of Jefferies and its Affiliates. 
 Affiliated Debt Fund means (a) any Affiliate of a Sponsor that is a bona fide bank, debt fund, distressed asset fund, hedge fund, mutual fund, insurance company, financial institution or an investment vehicle that is engaged in the business of investing in, acquiring or trading commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course, in each case, that is not organized primarily for the purpose of making equity investments and (b) any investment fund or account of a Permitted Investor managed by third parties (including by way of a managed account, a fund or an index fund in which a Permitted Investor has invested) that is not organized or used primarily for the purpose of making equity investments, in each case of clauses (a) and (b) , with respect to which neither the Sponsor, nor any other Permitted Investor, directly or indirectly, possess the power to direct or cause the direction of the investment policies of such entity. 
 Affiliated Lender means, at any time, any Lender that is either the Sponsor or an Affiliate of the Sponsor, at such time, excluding in any case, (a) Holdings, (b) the Borrower, (c) any Subsidiary of the Borrower and (d) any natural person. 
 Affiliated Lender Term Loan Cap has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(h)(iii) . 
 Agency Fee Letter means the Agency Fee Letter, dated May 14, 2019, among the Borrower, Holdings and Jefferies Finance, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 11.02(e) . 
 Agent-Related Persons means the Agents, together with their respective Affiliates, and the officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents, attorney-in-fact, partners, trustees, advisors and other representatives of such Persons and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Agents means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Joint Bookrunners, the Supplemental Administrative Agents (if any) and the Lead Arrangers. 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 
 Agreement means this First Lien Credit Agreement, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 All-In Yield means, as to any Indebtedness or Loans of any Class, the yield thereof, whether in the form of interest rate, margin, OID, upfront fees, a Eurocurrency Rate floor, SOFR floor or Base Rate floor to the extent greater than 0.00 per annum or 1.00 per annum , respectively (with such increased amount being equated to interest margins for purposes of determining any increase to the Applicable Rate); provided that (a) OID and upfront fees shall be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year life to maturity (or, if less, the stated life to maturity at the time of its incurrence of the applicable Indebtedness) and (b) All-In Yield shall not include any arrangement fees, structuring fees, underwriting fees, commitment fees, amendment fees, ticking fees or any other fees similar to the foregoing (regardless of how such fees are computed or to whom paid). 
 Alternative Currencies means, (a) in the case of Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit, Euros, Pounds Sterling and any other currency agreed to by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Revolving Lender (and, solely in the case of Letters of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank) and (b) in the case of any Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Term Loans, Refinancing Term Commitments or Refinancing Term Loans, any currency agreed to by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender providing such Incremental Term Facility, Incremental Term Loans, Refinancing Term Commitments or Refinancing Term Loans; provided that, in each case, each such other currency is a lawful currency that is readily available, freely transferable and not restricted, able to be converted into Dollars and available in the London interbank deposit market. 
 Amendment No. 4 Effective Date means December [ ], 2022. 
 Annual Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the Borrower for the fiscal years (or partial fiscal years) then ended. 
 Applicable Commitment Fee means a percentage per annum that shall be equal to, 
 (a)	from the Closing Date until the third Business Day after the date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received the applicable financial statements and a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a) calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio in respect of the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, 0.50 per annum , and 
 (b)	thereafter, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Applicable Commitment Fee based upon the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recent Test Period as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a) : 

First Lien Net Leverage Ratio 
 Applicable Commitment Fee 

Above 4.83 to 1.00 
 0.500 

Equal to or below 4.83 to 1.00, but above 4.33 to 1.00 
 0.375 

Equal to or below 4.33 to 1.00 
 0.250 

No change in the Applicable Commitment Fee shall be effective until three Business Days after the date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received the applicable financial statements and a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a) calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio. At any time the Borrower has not submitted to the Administrative Agent the applicable information as and when required under Section 6.02(a) , the Applicable Commitment Fee shall be determined as if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio were in excess of 4.83 to 1.00. Within one Business Day of receipt of the applicable information under Section 6.02(a) , the Administrative Agent shall give each Lender telefacsimile or telephonic notice (confirmed in writing) of the Applicable Commitment Fee in effect from such date. In the event that any financial statement or certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 is determined to be inaccurate (at a time prior to the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Commitment Fee for any period (an Applicable Period than the Applicable Commitment Fee applied for such Applicable Period, then (a) the Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) following such determination deliver to the Administrative Agent correct financial statements and certificates required by Section 6.02 for such Applicable Period, (b) the Applicable Commitment Fee for such Applicable Period shall be determined as if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio were determined based on the amounts set forth in such correct financial statements and certificates and (c) the Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days) following delivery of such corrected financial statements and certificates pay to the Administrative Agent the accrued additional amounts owing as a result of such increased Applicable Commitment Fee for such Applicable Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the provisions of this paragraph may be amended or waived with the consent of only the Borrower and the Required Revolving Lenders. 
 Applicable Currency means Dollars or any Alternative Currency, as applicable. 
 Applicable Indebtedness has the meaning specified in the definition of Weighted Average Life to Maturity. 
 Applicable Period has the meaning specified in the definition of Applicable Commitment Fee. 
 Applicable Rate means: 
 (a)	with respect to Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans, (x) prior to February 5, 2020, a percentage per annum equal to (i) for Eurocurrency Rate Loans, 3.50 and (ii) for Base Rate Loans, 2.50 , (y) from and after February 5, 2020 and prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, a percentage per annum equal to (i) for Eurocurrency Rate Loans, 3.25 and (ii) for Base Rate Loans, 2.25 and (z) from and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, a percentage per annum equal to (i) for SOFR Loans, 3.25 and (ii) for Base Rate Loans, 2.25 ; provided that from and after the third Business Day after the date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received the applicable financial statements and a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a) calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio in respect 

of the first full fiscal quarter ending after March 31, 2020, the Applicable Rate for Initial Term Loans shall be the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Alternate Base Rate Spread or Eurocurrency Rate/SOFR Spread, respectively, based upon the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recent Test Period as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a) : 

First Lien Net Leverage Ratio 
 Alternate Base Rate Spread 
 Eurocurrency Rate/SOFR Spread 

Above 4.25 to 1.00 
 2.25 
 3.25 

Equal to or below 4.25 to 1.00 
 2.00 
 3.00 

(b)	with respect to Revolving Loans a percentage per annum equal to, (i) for Eurocurrency Rate Loans, 3.50 , (ii) for SOFR Loans, 3.50 and (iii) for Base Rate Loans, 2.50 ; provided that from and after the third Business Day after the date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received the applicable financial statements and a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a) calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio in respect of the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans shall be the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Alternate Base Rate Spread or Eurocurrency Rate/SOFR Spread, respectively, based upon the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the most recent Test Period as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a) : 

First Lien Net Leverage Ratio 
 Alternate Base Rate Spread 
 Eurocurrency Rate/SOFR Spread 

Above 4.83 to 1.00 
 2.50 
 3.50 

Equal to or below 4.83 to 1.00, but above 4.33 to 1.00 
 2.25 
 3.25 

Equal to or below 4.33 to 1.00 
 2.00 
 3.00 

(c)	with respect any Term Loans (other than Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans), as specified in the applicable Incremental Amendment, Extension Amendment or Refinancing Amendment. 
 No change in the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans, Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans, as applicable, shall be effective until three Business Days after the date on which the Administrative Agent shall have received the applicable financial statements and a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.02(a) calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio. At any time the Borrower has not submitted to the Administrative Agent the applicable information as and when required under Section 6.02(a) , the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans, Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be determined as if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio were in excess of 4.83 to 1.00. Within one Business Day of receipt of the applicable information under Section 6.02(a) , the Administrative Agent shall give each Lender facsimile or telephonic notice (confirmed in writing) of the Applicable Rate in effect from such date. In the event that any financial statement or certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.02 is determined to be inaccurate (at a time prior to the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Rate for any period (an 

Applicable Period than the Applicable Rate applied for such Applicable Period, then (a) the Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) following such determination deliver to the Administrative Agent correct financial statements and certificates required by Section 6.02 for such Applicable Period, (b) the Applicable Rate for such Applicable Period shall be determined as if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio were determined based on the amounts set forth in such correct financial statements and certificates and (c) the Borrower shall promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days) following delivery of such corrected financial statements and certificates pay to the Administrative Agent the accrued additional interest owing as a result of such increased Applicable Rate for such Applicable Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the provisions of this paragraph may be amended or waived with respect to any Class with the consent of only the Borrower and the Required Lenders of such Class (or in the case of the rate specified in the preceding sentence, all affected Lenders of such Class). 
 Appropriate Lender means, at any time, with respect to Loans of any Class, the Lenders of such Class. 
 Approved Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any Fund that is administered, advised or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of such Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages such Lender. 
 Asset Sale Prepayment Percentage means (a) 100 , if the Borrower s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year equals or exceeds the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 0.50 to 1.00, (b) 50 , if such First Lien Net Leverage Ratio is less than the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 0.50 to 1.00, but equals or exceeds the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 1.00 to 1.00, and (c) 0 , if such First Lien Net Leverage Ratio is less than the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 1.00 to 1.00. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an Assignment and Assumption substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Attorney Costs means all reasonable and documented in reasonable detail fees, expenses and disbursements of any law firm or other external legal counsel. 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, in respect of any Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 
 Auction Agent means (a) the Administrative Agent or (b) any other financial institution or advisor employed by the Borrower (whether or not an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) to act as an arranger in connection with any Discounted Loan Prepayment; provided that the Borrower shall not designate the Administrative Agent as the Auction Agent without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to agree to act as the Auction Agent); provided , further , neither the Borrower nor any of its Affiliates may act as the Auction Agent. 
 Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(b)(iii) . 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Applicable Currency, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) 

otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 Available Amount means, at any time (the Reference Date with respect to the applicable Available Amount Reference Period, a cumulative amount equal to the sum of, without duplication: 
 (a)	the greater of (A) 50 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 50 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination; plus 
 (b)	an amount equal to, at the option of the Borrower at the time of determination, either: 
 (i)	the sum of (x) the cumulative amount of Excess Cash Flow for such Available Amount Reference Period; provided that when measuring such amount (A) Excess Cash Flow will be deemed not to be less than zero in any fiscal year and (B) Excess Cash Flow for any fiscal year will be deemed to be zero until the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) for such fiscal year, and the related Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) for such fiscal year, have been received by the Administrative Agent, minus (y) the portion of such Excess Cash Flow that has been (or is required to be) applied to the prepayment of Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.07(b)(i) ; or 
 (ii)	50 of cumulative Consolidated Net Income for such Available Amount Reference Period; provided that when measuring such amount (A) Consolidated Net Income will be deemed not to be less than zero in any fiscal year and (B) Consolidated Net Income for any fiscal year will be deemed to be zero until the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) for such fiscal year, and the related Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) for such fiscal year, have been received by the Administrative Agent; plus 
 (c)	new public or private Permitted Equity Issuances made in return for cash or other assets and cash and Cash Equivalents to the Borrower (with non-cash contributions and Permitted Equity Issuances in exchange for assets other than cash measured at the fair market value of such non-cash contributions and Permitted Equity Issuances at the time they were made), or Net Cash Proceeds from Permitted Equity Issuances received by the Borrower during the period from and including the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date and, in each case, to the extent Not Otherwise Applied; plus 
 (d)	to the extent not reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment, the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and other cash distributions received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Minority Investments or Unrestricted Subsidiaries during the period from and including the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date in respect of Investments in such Unrestricted Subsidiary or Minority Investments made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary made in reliance on the Available Amount; plus 
 (e)	to the extent not reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment, the Investments of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or that has been merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (up to the lesser of (i) the fair market value of such investments of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time of such re-designation or 

merger or consolidation and (ii) the fair market value of such investments by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time they were made); plus 
 (f)	to the extent not reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment or required to be applied to prepay Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.07(b)(ii) , the aggregate amount of all Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with the sale, transfer or other disposition of its ownership interest in any Minority Investment or Unrestricted Subsidiary during the period from and including the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date, in each case, to the extent that the original Investments in such Unrestricted Subsidiary or Minority Investments were made in reliance on the Available Amount; plus 
 (g)	to the extent (i) not reflected as a return of capital with respect to such Investment for purposes of determining the amount of such Investment and (ii) not in excess of the fair market value of such Investment at the time it was made, the returns (including repayments of principal and payments of interest), profits, distributions and similar amounts received in cash or Cash Equivalents by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on Investments made by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in reliance on the Available Amount; plus 
 (h)	any amount of mandatory prepayments required to be prepaid pursuant to Section 2.07(b) that have been declined by Lenders and retained by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.07(b)(vii) (but only to the extent also declined by lenders of (i) the Second Lien Term Loans under the Second Lien Credit Documents, (ii) any Second Lien Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, (iii) any incremental facility permitted under the Second Lien Credit Agreement (including any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement)), (iv) any other senior secured Indebtedness of the Borrower, and (v) any Permitted Refinancing in respect of the foregoing, in each case to the extent required to be applied to offer to repurchase or otherwise prepay such Indebtedness); plus 
 (i)	any amount of Net Cash Proceeds from Dispositions or Casualty Events not required to be applied to a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.07(b)(ii) ; minus 
 (j)	the aggregate amount of any Investments made pursuant to Section 7.02(e)(ii) , any Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 7.06(o)(ii) and any payment made pursuant to Section 7.10(a)(v)(B) during the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the Reference Date (and, for purposes of this clause (j) , without taking account of the intended usage of the Available Amount on such Reference Date in the contemplated transaction). 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to the extent any Excess Cash Flow is not applied to make a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.07(b)(i) by virtue of the application of Section 2.07(b)(vi) , such Excess Cash Flow shall not under any circumstances increase the Available Amount. 
 Available Amount Reference Period means, with respect to any Reference Date, the period commencing on (i) with respect to the calculation of clause (b) of the definition of Available Amount, the first Business Day of fiscal year 2020 and ending on the last day of the most recent fiscal year for which financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , and the related Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) , have been received by the Administrative Agent and (ii) with respect to the calculation of Available Amount (other than clause (b) of the definition thereof) the day after the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest per annum last quoted by The Wall Street Journal or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent) as being the Prime Rate in the United States for such day or, if more than one rate is published as the Prime Lending Rate , the highest of such rates, and (c) (i) prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate on such day for an Interest Period of one month plus 1.00 (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) and (ii) on and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, the Adjusted Term SOFR on such day for an Interest Period of one month plus 1.00 (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Base Rate (1) with respect to any Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans shall in no event be less than 1.00 per annum , (2) with respect to any Revolving Loans shall in no event be less than 1.00 per annum and (3) shall not be available as to any Alternate Currency. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
 Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Benchmark means, initially, (i) with respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars, Adjusted Term SOFR and (ii) with respect to any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, the relevant rate in respect of such Alternative Currency pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Eurocurrency Rate provided that if a replacement of a Benchmark with respect to the Revolving Facility has occurred pursuant to Section 3.09 , then, with respect to the Revolving Facility, Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
 	 Benchmark Replacement Date means a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 (a)	in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (b)	in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the 

calculation thereof) have been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 	 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark:	 
 (a)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 
 (b)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (c)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person 

whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BMOCM has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Board of Directors means, as to any Person, the board of directors, board of managers or other governing body of such Person, or if such Person is owned or managed by a single entity, the board of directors, board of managers or other governing body of such entity, and the term directors means members of the Board of Directors. 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans, having the same Interest Period. 
 Business Day means (a) any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the jurisdiction where the Administrative Agent s Office is located (which, as of the date of this Agreement, is New York, New York) and (i) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or any other dealings to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market and (ii) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a SOFR Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in respect of any such SOFR Loan, or any other dealings to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such SOFR Loan, means any U.S. Government Securities Business Day and (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, any fundings, settlements, payments and disbursements in such Alternative Currency, or any other dealings in such Alternative Currency to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Letter of Credit, means any such day described in clause (a) above which is also a day on which dealings in deposits in such Alternative Currency are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank market and (other than any date that relates to any interest rate setting in respect of such Alternative Currency) any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such Alternative Currency. 
 Capital Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized under Capitalized Leases) by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be included as capital expenditures on the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Capitalized Lease Obligation means, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a Capitalized Lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Capitalized Leases means all capital and finance leases that have been or are required to be, in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date, recorded as capitalized leases; provided that for 

all purposes hereunder the amount of obligations under any Capitalized Lease shall be the amount thereof accounted for as a liability in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance company (or any Subsidiary thereof). 
 Cash Collateral Account means an account held at, and subject to the sole dominion and control of, the Collateral Agent. 
 Cash Collateralize means, in respect of an Obligation, to provide and pledge (as a first priority perfected security interest) cash collateral in Dollars, at a location and pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender or an Issuing Bank, as applicable (and Cash Collateralization has a corresponding meaning). Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
 Cash Equivalents means any of the following types of Investments (including for the avoidance of doubt, cash), to the extent owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary: 
 (a)	Dollars and each Alternative Currency; 
 (b)	local currencies held by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from time to time in the ordinary course of business and not for speculation; 
 (c)	readily marketable direct obligations issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the United States government or any agency or instrumentality thereof the securities of which are unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation of such government with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition; 
 (d)	certificates of deposit, time deposits and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition, demand deposits, bankers acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits, in each case with any domestic or foreign commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than 500,000,000 (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof as of the date of such investment); 
 (e)	repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (c) and (d) above or clause (h) below entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (d) above; 
 (f)	commercial paper rated at least P-2 by Moody s or at least A-2 by S P (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) and in each case maturing within 12 months after the date of creation thereof; 
 (g)	marketable short-term money market and similar highly liquid funds having a rating of at least P-2 or A-2 from Moody s or S P, respectively (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); 
 (h)	readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof, in each case having an 

Investment Grade Rating from either Moody s or S P (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency) with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition; 
 (i)	Investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s (or, if at any time neither Moody s nor S P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); 
 (j)	investment funds investing substantially all of their assets in securities of the types described in clauses (a) through (i) above; and 
 (k)	solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that a Captive Insurance Subsidiary is not prohibited to make in accordance with applicable law. 
 In the case of Investments by any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary or Investments made in a jurisdiction outside the United States of America, Cash Equivalents shall also include (i) investments of the type and maturity described in clauses (a) through (j) above in foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the parents of such obligors) have ratings described in such clauses or equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (ii) other short-term investments in accordance with normal investment practices for cash management in investments analogous to the foregoing investments in clauses (a) through (j) above and in this paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies other than those set forth in clause (a) or (b) above; provided that such amounts, except amounts used to pay obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary denominated in any currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency in the ordinary course of business, are converted into Dollars or an Alternative Currency as promptly as practicable and in any event within ten Business Days following the receipt of such amounts. 
 Cash Management Bank means any Person that is a Lender or Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or Agent (a) on the Closing Date (with respect to any Cash Management Services entered into prior to the Closing Date), (b) at the time it initially provides any Cash Management Services to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or (c) at the time that the Person to whom the Cash Management Services are provided is merged with the Borrower or becomes or is merged with a Restricted Subsidiary (with respect to any Cash Management Services entered into prior to the date of such merger or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary), in each case whether or not such Person subsequently ceases to be a Lender or Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or Agent. 
 Cash Management Obligations means obligations owed by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Cash Management Bank in respect of or in connection with any Cash Management Services and designated by the Cash Management Bank and the Borrower in writing to the Administrative Agent as Cash Management Obligations. 
 Cash Management Services means any agreement or arrangement to provide cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit card processing, credit or debit card, purchase card, electronic funds transfer and other cash management arrangements. 
 Casualty Event means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment, fixed assets or real property. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty (excluding the taking effect after the date of this Agreement of a law, rule, regulation or treaty adopted prior to the date of this Agreement), (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority. It is understood and agreed that (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub. L. 111-203, H.R. 4173), all Laws relating thereto, all interpretations and applications thereof and any compliance by a Lender with any and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof or relating thereto and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives issued by any United States or foreign regulatory authority in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall, for the purposes of this Agreement, be deemed to be adopted subsequent to the date hereof and a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 
 Change of Control means the earliest to occur of: 
 (a)	either: 
 (i)	at any time prior to the consummation of a Qualifying IPO, the Permitted Holders ceasing to beneficially own (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, a majority of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings (or Successor Holdings, if applicable); or 
 (ii)	at any time upon or after the consummation of a Qualifying IPO, any Person (other than a Permitted Holder) or Persons (other than one or more Permitted Holders) constituting a group (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person and its Subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), becoming the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under such Act), directly or indirectly, of Equity Interests representing more than thirty-five percent of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the then issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings (or Successor Holdings, if applicable) and the percentage of aggregate ordinary voting power so held is greater than the percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the Equity Interests of Holdings (or Successor Holdings, if applicable) beneficially owned (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, in the aggregate by the Permitted Holders, 
 unless, in the case of either clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, the Permitted Holders have, at such time, the right or the ability by voting power, contract or otherwise to elect or designate for election 50 or more of the Board of Directors of Holdings or Successor Holdings, if applicable; 
 (b)	after giving effect to the Transactions on the Closing Date, the Borrower ceasing to be a direct wholly owned Subsidiary of Holdings (or Successor Holdings, if applicable); and 
 (c)	a Change of Control or similar event occurring under (i) the Second Lien Credit Agreement (or the documentation in respect of any Permitted Refinancing of the Second Lien Term Loans), (ii) the documentation in respect of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness and/or (iii) any Junior Financing Documentation in respect of any Indebtedness or the documentation 

governing any Junior Lien Debt, in each case with respect to this clause (c) , having an aggregate outstanding principal amount equal to or greater than the Threshold Amount. 
 Class when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Term Loans (including Initial Term Loans and any Delayed Draw Term Loans), Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, Incremental Term Loans, Incremental Revolving Loans, Refinancing Term Loans, Refinancing Revolving Loans, Extended Term Loans or Extended Revolving Loans, (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Commitment in respect of Term Loans (including Initial Term Loans and any Delayed Draw Term Loans) made to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans, Refinancing Term Commitment (and, in the case of a Refinancing Term Commitment, the Class of Loans to which such commitment relates), Refinancing Revolving Commitment (and, in the case of a Refinancing Revolving Commitment, the Class of Loans to which such commitment relates) or a Commitment in respect of a Class of Loans to be made pursuant to an Incremental Amendment or an Extension Amendment and (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment with respect to a particular Class of Loans or Commitments. Refinancing Term Commitments, Refinancing Revolving Commitments, Refinancing Term Loans, Refinancing Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Loans and Extended Term Loans that have different terms and conditions shall be construed to be in different Classes. 
 Closing Date means the first date on which all of the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 11.01 and the Term Loans are made to the Borrower pursuant to the first sentence of Section 2.01(a) . 
 Closing Date EBITDA means 150,000,000. 
 Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio means 5.33 to 1.00. 
 Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement means the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Collateral Agent, as the initial first priority representative, the Second Lien Collateral Agent, as the initial second priority representative, and each additional representative from time to time party thereto, as acknowledged by the Loan Parties, as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. 
 Closing Date Refinancing means the repayment of the Existing Debt, the termination of any related commitments thereunder and the termination, release or authorization to terminate or release all contractual Liens related thereto, in each case on or about the Closing Date. 
 Closing Date Secured Net Leverage Ratio means 7.00 to 1.00. 
 Closing Date Total Net Leverage Ratio means 7.25 to 1.00. 
 Closing Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(e) . 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Collateral means all the Collateral (or equivalent term) as defined in any Collateral Document, the Mortgaged Properties and all other property that is subject or purported to be subject to any Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to any Collateral Document. 
 Collateral Agent has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 

Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Intellectual Property Security Agreements, the Mortgages, each of the collateral assignments, Security Agreement Supplements, security agreements, pledge agreements or other similar agreements delivered to the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to Sections 4.01(a)(iii) , 6.11 , 6.12 or 6.15 or pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement, and each of the other agreements, instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 Commitments means the Revolving Commitments, the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments and the Term Loan Commitments. 
 Committed Loan Notice means a notice of a Borrowing pursuant to Article II , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 . 
 Company has the meaning specified in the preliminary statements to this Agreement. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, with respect to any Person for any Test Period, the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such Test Period: 
 (a)	increased, without duplication, by the following items (solely to the extent deducted (and not excluded) in calculating Consolidated Net Income, other than in respect of the proviso in clause (i) below and clauses (ii)(B), (xi) and (xix) below) of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such Test Period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP: 
 (i)	interest expense, including (A) imputed interest on Capitalized Lease Obligations and Attributable Indebtedness (which, in each case, will be deemed to accrue at the interest rate reasonably determined by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligations or Attributable Indebtedness), (B) commissions, discounts and other fees, charges and expenses owed with respect to letters of credit securing financial obligations, bankers acceptance financing and receivables financings, (C) amortization and write-offs of deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs, debt discount, commissions, fees, premium and other expenses, as well as expensing of bridge, commitment or financing fees, (D) payments made in respect of hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, (E) cash contributions to any employee stock ownership plan or similar trust to the extent such contributions are used by such plan or trust to pay interest or fees to any Person (other than such Person or a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary) in connection with Indebtedness incurred by such plan or trust, (F) all interest paid or payable with respect to discontinued operations, (G) the interest portion of any deferred payment obligations, and (H) all interest on any Indebtedness that is (x) Indebtedness of others secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person or its Restricted Subsidiaries, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, but limited to the fair market value of such property or (y) contingent obligations in respect of Indebtedness; provided that that such interest expense shall be calculated after giving effect to Hedge Agreements related to interest rates (including associated costs), but excluding unrealized gains and losses with respect to such Hedge Agreements; plus 

(ii)	taxes based on gross receipts, income, profits or capital, franchise, excise, commercial activity, unitary or similar taxes, and foreign withholding taxes, including (A) penalties and interest and (B) tax distributions made to any direct or indirect holders of Equity Interests of such Person in respect of any such taxes attributable to such Person and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries; plus 
 (iii)	depreciation expense and amortization expense; plus 
 (iv)	non-cash items provided that if any such non-cash item represents an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, (x) the Borrower may determine not to add back such non-cash item in the current Test Period and (y) to the extent the Borrower decides to add back such non-cash expense or charge, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period will be subtracted from Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in such future period), including the following: (A) non-cash expenses in connection with, or resulting from, stock option plans, employee benefit plans or agreements or post-employment benefit plans or agreements, or grants or sales of stock, stock appreciation or similar rights, stock options, restricted stock, preferred stock or other similar rights, (B) non-cash currency translation losses related to changes in currency exchange rates (including re-measurements of Indebtedness (including intercompany Indebtedness) and any net non-cash loss resulting from hedge agreements for currency exchange risk), (C) non-cash losses, expenses, charges or negative adjustments attributable to the movement in the mark-to-market valuation of hedge agreements or other derivative instruments, including the effect of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 815 and International Accounting Standard No. 9 and their respective related pronouncements and interpretations, (D) non-cash charges for deferred tax asset valuation allowances, (E) any non-cash impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, and Investments in debt and equity securities, (F) any non-cash charges or losses resulting from any purchase accounting adjustment or any step-ups with respect to re-valuing assets and liabilities in connection with the Transactions or any Investments, and (G) all non-cash losses from Investments recorded using the equity method; plus 
 (v)	unusual, extraordinary or non-recurring items, whether or not classified as such under GAAP; plus 
 (vi)	charges, costs, losses, expenses or reserves related to: (A) restructuring (including restructuring charges or reserves, whether or not classified as such under GAAP), severance, relocation, consolidation, integration or other similar items, (B) strategic initiatives, business optimization (including costs and expenses relating to business optimization programs) and new systems design and implementation, as well as consulting fees and any one-time expense relating to enhanced accounting function, (C) business or facilities (including greenfield facilities) start-up, opening, transition, consolidation, shut-down and closing, (D) signing, retention and completion bonuses, (E) severance, relocation or recruiting, (F) public company registration, listing, compliance, reporting and related expenses, (G) charges and expenses incurred in connection with litigation (including threatened litigation), any investigation or proceeding (or any threatened investigation or proceeding) by a regulatory, governmental or law enforcement body (including any attorney general), and (H) expenses incurred in connection with casualty events or asset sales outside the ordinary course of business; plus 

(vii)	all (A) costs, fees and expenses relating to the Transactions, (B) costs, fees and expenses (including diligence and integration costs) incurred in connection with (x) investments in any Person, acquisitions of the Equity Interests of any Person, acquisitions of all or a material portion of the assets of any Person or constituting a line of business of any Person, and financings related to any of the foregoing or to the capitalization of any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary or (y) other transactions that are out of the ordinary course of business of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case, including transactions considered or proposed but not consummated), including equity issuances, Investments, acquisitions, dispositions, recapitalizations, mergers, option buyouts and the incurrence, modification or repayment of Indebtedness (including all consent fees, premium and other amounts payable in connection therewith) and (C) non-operating professional fees, costs and expenses; plus 
 (viii)	items reducing Consolidated Net Income to the extent (A) covered by a binding indemnification or refunding obligation or insurance to the extent actually paid or reasonably expected to be paid, (B) paid or payable (directly or indirectly) by a third party that is not a Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary (except to the extent such payment gives rise to reimbursement obligations) or with the proceeds of a contribution to equity capital of such Person by a third party that is not a Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary or (C) such Person is, directly or indirectly, reimbursed for such item by a third party; plus 
 (ix)	 the amount of management, monitoring, consulting and advisory fees (including termination fees) and related indemnities and expenses paid, payable or accrued in such Test Period to the extent permitted in such Test Period; plus 
 (x)	 the effects of purchase accounting, fair value accounting or recapitalization accounting (including the effects of adjustments pushed down to such Person and its Subsidiaries) and the amortization, write-down or write-off of any such amount; plus 
 (xi)	proceeds of business interruption insurance actually received; plus 
 (xii)	minority interest expense consisting of income attributable to Equity Interests held by third parties in any non-wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary; plus 
 (xiii)	all charges, costs, expenses, accruals or reserves in connection with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Equity Interests held by officers or employees and all losses, charges and expenses related to payments made to holders of options or other derivative Equity Interests of such Person or any direct or indirect parent thereof in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution being made to equity holders of such Person or any direct or indirect parent thereof, including (A) payments made to compensate such holders as though they were equity holders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, and (B) all dividend equivalent rights owed pursuant to any compensation or equity arrangement; plus 
 (xiv)	expenses, charges and losses resulting from the payment or accrual of indemnification or refunding provisions, earn-outs and contingent consideration obligations, bonuses and other compensation paid to employees, directors or consultants, payments in respect of dissenting shares, and purchase price adjustments, in each case, made in connection with a permitted Investment or acquisition; plus 
 (xv)	any losses from disposed or discontinued operations; plus 

(xvi)	any costs or expenses (including any payroll taxes) incurred by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in such Test Period pursuant to any management equity plan, profits interest or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement (including (A) as a result of curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans and (B) without limitation, compensation arrangements with holders of unvested options entered into in connection with the Specified Dividend up to 25,000,000) or any stock subscription, stockholders or partnership agreement and any payments in the nature of compensation or expense reimbursement made to independent board members; plus 
 (xvii)	the amount of loss or discount on sale of receivables, Securitization Assets and related assets to any Securitization Subsidiary in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing; plus 
 (xviii)	the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles; plus 
 (xix)	adjustments reflected in (A) the financial model for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries prepared by Sponsor and delivered to the Lead Arrangers prior to May 14, 2019 or (B) any quality of earnings report prepared by a nationally recognized accounting firm and furnished to the Administrative Agent, in connection with the Transactions or a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment consummated after the Closing Date; plus 
 (xx)	the amount of run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and other cost synergies that are projected by the Borrower in good faith to result from actions taken, committed to be taken or expected to be taken no later than 24 months after the end of such Test Period (which amounts will be determined by the Borrower in good faith and calculated on a pro forma basis as though such amounts had been realized on the first day of the Test Period for which Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is being determined), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such Test Period from such actions; provided that, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower such cost savings are reasonably identifiable, reasonably anticipated to be realized and factually supportable (it being agreed such determination need not be made in compliance with Regulation S-X or other applicable securities law); and 
 (b)	decreased, without duplication, by the following items of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such Test Period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP: 
 (i)	any non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income, excluding any gains that represent the reversal of any accrual of, or cash reserve for, anticipated cash charges in any prior period (other than such cash charges that have been added back to Consolidated Net Income in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in accordance with this definition); plus 
 (ii)	any net income from disposed or discontinued operations; plus 
 (iii)	any unusual, extraordinary or non-recurring gains. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (a) for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2018, will be deemed to be 41,067,000, (b) for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2018, will be deemed to be 36,538,000, (c) for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2018, will be deemed to be 31,088,000, 

and (d) for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018, will be deemed to be 41,800,000, as such amounts may be adjusted pursuant to the foregoing provisions and other pro forma adjustments permitted by this Agreement. 
 Consolidated Current Assets means, as of any date of determination, the total assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis that may properly be classified as current assets in conformity with GAAP, excluding cash and Cash Equivalents, amounts related to current or deferred taxes based on income or profits, assets held for sale, loans (permitted) to third parties, pension assets, deferred bank fees and derivative financial instruments, and excluding the effects of adjustments pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition. 
 Consolidated Current Liabilities means, as at any date of determination, the total liabilities of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis that may properly be classified as current liabilities in conformity with GAAP, excluding (a) the current portion of any Funded Debt, (b) the current portion of interest, (c) accruals for current or deferred taxes based on income or profits, (d) accruals of any costs or expenses related to restructuring reserves, (e) Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations or any other revolving facility, (f) the current portion of any Capitalized Lease Obligation, (g) deferred revenue arising from cash receipts that are earmarked for specific projects, (h) liabilities in respect of unpaid earn-outs and (i) the current portion of any other long-term liabilities, and, furthermore, excluding the effects of adjustments pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting, as the case may be, in relation to the Transaction or any consummated acquisition. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any Test Period, the sum of: 
 (a)	cash interest expense (including that attributable to Capitalized Leases), net of cash interest income, of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under hedging agreements, plus 
 (b)	non-cash interest expense resulting solely from the amortization of original issue discount from the issuance of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding Indebtedness borrowed under this Agreement and the Second Lien Credit Agreement in connection with the Transactions) at less than par, plus 
 (c)	pay-in-kind interest expense of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries payable pursuant to the terms of the agreements governing such debt for borrowed money; 
 but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) amortization of deferred financing costs, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses and any other amounts of non-cash interest other than referred to in clause (b) above (including as a result of the effects of acquisition method accounting or pushdown accounting), (ii) non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations under hedging agreements or other derivative instruments pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 815-Derivatives and Hedging, (iii) any one-time cash costs associated with breakage in respect of hedging agreements for interest rates, (iv) commissions, discounts, yield, make whole premium and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) incurred in connection with any permitted receivables financing, (v) any additional interest owing pursuant to a registration rights agreement with respect to any securities, (vi) any payments with respect to make-whole premiums or other breakage costs of any Indebtedness, including any Indebtedness issued in connection with the Transactions, (vii) penalties 

and interest relating to taxes, (viii) accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, (ix) interest expense attributable to a direct or indirect parent entity resulting from push-down accounting, (x) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization or purchase accounting and (xi) any interest expense attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto and with respect to any Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment permitted hereunder, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. For the avoidance of doubt, interest expense shall be determined after giving effect to any net payments made or received by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of Swap Contracts relating to interest rate protection. 
 Consolidated Net Debt means, as of any date of determination, (a) Consolidated Total Debt minus (b) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date that is not Restricted. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, with respect to any Person for any Test Period, the Net Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided , that there shall be excluded from such consolidated net income (to the extent otherwise included therein), without duplication: 
 (a)	the Net Income for such Test Period of any Person that is not a Subsidiary, or is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting; provided that the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s equity in the Net Income of such Person shall be included in the Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower for such Test Period up to the aggregate amount of dividends or distributions or other payments in respect of such equity that are actually paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) by such Person to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, in such Test Period, to the extent not already included therein (subject in the case of dividends, distributions or other payments in respect of such equity made to a Restricted Subsidiary to the limitations contained in clause (b) below); 
 (b)	solely with respect to the calculation of Available Amount and Excess Cash Flow, the Net Income of any Subsidiary of such Person during such Test Period to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not permitted by operation of the terms of its Organization Documents or any agreement, instrument or requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary during such Test Period; provided that Consolidated Net Income of such Person shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments that are actually paid to such Person or its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such Test Period; 
 (c)	any gain (or loss), together with any related provisions for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), realized by such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Test Period upon any asset sale or other disposition of any Equity Interests of any Person (other than any dispositions in the ordinary course of business) by such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 
 (d)	gains and losses due solely to fluctuations in currency values and the related tax effects determined in accordance with GAAP for such Test Period; 
 (e)	earnings (or losses), including any impairment charge, resulting from any reappraisal, revaluation or write-up (or write-down) of assets during such Test Period; 

(f)	(i) unrealized gains and losses with respect to Hedge Agreements for such Test Period and the application of Accounting Standards Codification 815 (Derivatives and Hedging) and (ii) any after-tax effect of income (or losses) for such Test Period that result from the early extinguishment of (A) Indebtedness, (B) obligations under any Hedge Agreements or (C) other derivative instruments; 
 (g)	any extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gain (or extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual loss), together with any related provision for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss), recorded or recognized by such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Test Period; 
 (h)	the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles and changes as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such Test Period; 
 (i)	after-tax gains (or losses) on disposal of disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations for such Test Period; 
 (j)	effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries) in the inventory, property and equipment, software, goodwill, other intangible assets, in-process research and development, deferred revenue, debt and unfavorable or favorable lease line items in such Person s consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP for such Test Period resulting from the application of purchase accounting in relation to the Transactions or any acquisition consummated prior to the Closing Date and any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of taxes, for such Test Period; 
 (k)	any non-cash compensation charge or expense for such Test Period, including any such charge or expense arising from the grants of stock appreciation or similar rights, stock options, restricted stock or other rights and any cash charges or expenses associated with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Equity Interests by, or to, management of such Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions; 
 (l)	(i) Transaction Expenses incurred during such Test Period and (ii) any fees and expenses incurred during such Test Period, or any amortization thereof for such Test Period, in connection with any acquisition (other than the Transactions), Investment, disposition, issuance or repayment of Indebtedness, issuance of Equity Interests, refinancing transaction or amendment or modification of any debt or equity instrument (in each case, including any such transaction whether consummated on, after or prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed) and any charges or non-recurring costs incurred during such Test Period as a result of any such transaction; 
 (m)	any expenses, charges or losses for such Test Period that are covered by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any Investment, Permitted Acquisition or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement, to the extent actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Borrower has made a determination that a reasonable basis exists for indemnification or reimbursement and only to the extent that such amount is in fact indemnified or reimbursed within 365 days of such determination (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so indemnified or reimbursed within such 365 days); and 

(n)	to the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed, or, so long as the Borrower has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such determination (with a deduction in the applicable future period for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within such 365 days), expenses, charges or losses for such Test Period with respect to liability or casualty events or business interruption. 
 Consolidated Secured Net Debt means, as of any date of determination, (a) Consolidated Total Debt outstanding under the Facilities, the Second Lien Credit Documents and any secured refinancing indebtedness or other debt that is secured by a Lien on any asset or property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor outstanding as of such date minus (b) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date that is not Restricted. 
 Consolidated Total Debt means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries outstanding on such date, determined on a consolidated basis and as reflected on the face of a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP (but excluding the effects of the application of purchase accounting in connection with the Transactions, any Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment permitted hereunder), consisting of Indebtedness for borrowed money, unreimbursed obligations in respect of drawn letters of credit (to the extent not cash collateralized), obligations in respect of Capitalized Leases and purchase money obligations and debt obligations evidenced by promissory notes or similar instruments; provided , that Consolidated Total Debt will not include Indebtedness in respect of (a) any Qualified Securitization Financing, (b) any letter of credit, except to the extent of unreimbursed obligations in respect of drawn letters of credit provided , that any unreimbursed amount under commercial letters of credit will not be counted as Consolidated Total Debt until three Business Days after such amount is drawn (it being understood that any borrowing, whether automatic or otherwise, to fund such reimbursement will be counted)), (c) obligations under Hedge Agreements and (d) any lease obligations other than in respect of Capitalized Leases. 
 Consolidated Working Capital means, as of any date of determination, the excess of Consolidated Current Assets over Consolidated Current Liabilities. 
 Contract Consideration has the meaning specified in the definition of Excess Cash Flow. 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Control has the meaning specified in the definition of Affiliate. 
 Contribution Indebtedness means Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount at the time of the incurrence thereof not to exceed an amount equal to 200 of the amount of (i) any (A) new public or private Permitted Equity Issuances made in return for cash or other assets and cash and Cash Equivalents to the Borrower (with non-cash contributions and Permitted Equity Issuances in exchange for assets other than cash measured at the fair market value of such non-cash contributions and Permitted Equity Issuances at the time they were made) or (B) Net Cash Proceeds from Permitted Equity Issuances or the fair market value of other assets received by Holdings and contributed to the Borrower as equity solely in exchange for common Equity Interests of the Borrower during the period from and including the Business Day immediately following the Closing Date through and including the Reference Date that are Not Otherwise Applied and (ii) available dollar-based capacity under Section 7.06 to make Restricted Payments which for the avoidance of doubt shall reduce such dollar-based capacity under the relevant clause of Section 7.06 . 

Conversion/Continuation Notice means a notice of (a) a conversion of Loans from one Type to another or (b) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, pursuant to Article II , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-3 . 
 Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness means secured or unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower in the form of term loans or notes or revolving commitments; provided that: 
 (a)	such Indebtedness is incurred or otherwise obtained (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace, or refinance, in whole or part, Indebtedness that is either (i) Term Loans, (ii) Revolving Commitments or (iii) other Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness Refinanced Debt ); 
 (b)	such Indebtedness is in an original aggregate principal amount not greater than the principal amount of the Refinanced Debt being exchanged, extended, renewed, replaced or refinanced (plus (i) the amount of all unpaid, accrued, or capitalized interest, penalties, premiums (including tender premiums) and other amounts payable with respect to the Refinanced Debt and (ii) underwriting discounts, fees, commissions, costs, expenses and other amounts payable with respect to such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness); 
 (c)	(i) the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Indebtedness is equal to or longer than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Refinanced Debt, and (ii) the final maturity date of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness may not be earlier than the final maturity date of the Refinanced Debt; 
 (d)	any mandatory prepayments (and with respect to any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness comprising revolving loans, to the extent commitments thereunder are permanently terminated) of, 
 (i)	any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness that comprises junior lien or unsecured notes or loans may not be made except to the extent that prepayments are (A) permitted hereunder and (B) to the extent required hereunder or pursuant to the terms of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness that is Pari Passu Lien Debt, first made or offered to the Loans and any such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness that is Pari Passu Lien Debt; and 
 (ii)	any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness that is Pari Passu Lien Debt shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with any corresponding mandatory prepayment of the Loans; provided this clause (ii) will not prohibit any repayment of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness at maturity or with the proceeds of other Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness; 
 (e)	such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any Subsidiary Loan Party other than a Subsidiary Guarantor (including any Subsidiary that becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor in connection therewith); and 
 (f)	if such Indebtedness is secured: 
 (i)	such Indebtedness is not secured by a Lien on any assets or property of a Loan Party that does not constitute Collateral (except (1) customary cash collateral in favor of an agent, letter of credit issuer or similar fronting lender, (2) Liens on property or assets applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loans at the time of 

incurrence and (3) any Liens on property or assets to the extent that a Lien on such property or asset is also added for the benefit of the Lenders under the Term Loans); 
 (ii)	a Debt Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness has become party to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, (A) if such Indebtedness is Pari Passu Lien Debt, an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or (B) if such Indebtedness is Junior Lien Debt, the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement or another Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness will be deemed to include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 
 Cure Expiration Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02 . 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided , that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 Debt Representative means, with respect to any series of Indebtedness secured by a Lien permitted under Section 7.01(i) or (kk) , Incremental Equivalent Debt, Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing or Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, the trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) the Applicable Rate applicable to Base Rate Loans that are Revolving Loans plus (c) 2.00 per annum ; provided that with respect to the outstanding principal amount of any Loan not paid when due, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan (giving effect to Section 2.05(c) plus 2.00 per annum , in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.19(b) , any Lender that, 
 (a)	has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans, including participations in respect of Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender, the Issuing Banks or any other Lender any other 

amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, 
 (b)	has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender or the Issuing Banks in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), 
 (c)	has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or 
 (d)	the Administrative Agent has received notification that such Lender is, or has a direct or indirect parent company that is, (i) insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (ii) other than via an Undisclosed Administration, the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a receiver, trustee, conservator, intervenor or sequestrator, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other Federal or state regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or the like has been appointed for such Lender or its direct or indirect parent company, or such Lender or its direct or indirect parent company has taken any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-in Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. 
 Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.19 upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the Swing Line Lender, the Issuing Banks and each Lender. 
 Delayed Draw Closing Date means the date of any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans in accordance with Sections 2.01(a) and 4.03 . 
 Delayed Draw Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make a Delayed Draw Term Loan to the Borrower hereunder during the Delayed Draw Commitment Period, expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loans to be made by such Lender under this Agreement, as such commitment may be (a) automatically reduced to 0 on the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date, (b) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, (ii) a Refinancing Amendment or (iii) an Extension. The initial amount of 

each Lender s Delayed Draw Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Delayed Draw Commitment or, otherwise, in the Assignment and Assumption or Refinancing Amendment pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Delayed Draw Commitment, as the case may be. The initial aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Commitments is 40,000,000. 
 Delayed Draw Commitment Period means the period from the Closing Date to and including the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date. 
 Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the date that is 24 months after the Closing Date (at which date and time all unfunded Delayed Draw Commitments shall automatically be reduced to 0), (ii) the date on which all Delayed Draw Commitments then outstanding have been funded in one or more Borrowings pursuant to Section 2.01(a) and (iii) the date on which all unfunded Delayed Draw Commitments have been reduced to 0 pursuant to Section 2.08(c) or terminated by the Borrower pursuant to Section 9.02 . 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01(a) . 
 Delayed Draw Ticking Fee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(h) . 
 Delayed Draw Upfront Fee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.11(e) . 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject of any Sanctions. 
 Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the fair market value of any non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with a Disposition pursuant to the General Asset Sale Basket that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the fair market value of the portion of the non-cash consideration converted to cash within one hundred eighty days following the consummation of the applicable Disposition). 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (excluding Liens, but including any sale leaseback transaction and any sale of Equity Interests in, or issuance of Equity Interests by, a Restricted Subsidiary) of any property by any Person. 
 Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, 
 (a)	matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale as long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event is subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments and Cash Collateralization of all Letters of Credit), 
 (b)	is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, 
 (c)	provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or 

(d)	is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, 
 in each case, prior to the Latest Maturity Date of the Loans at the time of issuance; provided that if such Equity Interests are issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of future, current or former employees, directors, or officers of Holdings, the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, directors or officers, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by Holdings, the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee s, director s or officer s termination, death or disability. 
 Disqualified Lender means, 
 (a)	the competitors of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries identified in writing by or on behalf of the Borrower (i) to the Lead Arrangers on or prior to the Closing Date, or (ii) from time to time after the Closing Date to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that a list was delivered), 
 (b)	(i) any persons that are engaged as principals primarily in private equity or venture capital and (ii) those particular banks, financial institutions, other institutional lenders and other persons, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), to the extent identified in writing by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Lead Arrangers on or prior to May 14, 2019 (it being understood that no such list was delivered and, therefore, there are no Disqualified Lenders pursuant to this clause (b) ), and 
 (c)	any affiliate of the entities described in the preceding clauses (a) or (b) (in each case, other than any affiliates that are banks, financial institutions, bona fide debt funds or investment vehicles that are engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course (except to the extent separately identified under clause (a) above)), in each case, that are either reasonably identifiable as such on the basis of their name or are identified as such in writing by or on behalf of the Borrower (i) to the Lead Arrangers on or prior to the Closing Date, or (ii) after the Closing Date to the Administrative Agent from time to time; 
 provided that any Person that is a Lender and subsequently becomes a Disqualified Lender (but was not a Disqualified Lender on the Closing Date or at the time it became a Lender) shall be deemed to not be a Disqualified Lender hereunder with respect to any Loans held by it immediately prior to becoming a Disqualified Lender. The Administrative Agent shall make the list of Disqualified Lenders available to any Lender or prospective Lender upon request by such Lender or prospective Lender. 
 Division has the meaning specified in Section 1.02(e) . 
 Dollar , and USD mean lawful money of the United States. 
 Dollar Amount means, at any time: 
 (a)	with respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars, the principal amount thereof then outstanding (or in which such participation is held); 

(b)	with respect to any Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency, the principal amount thereof then outstanding in the relevant Alternative Currency converted to Dollars in accordance with Section 1.09 ; 
 (c)	with respect to any Letter of Credit Obligation (or any risk participation therein), (i) if denominated in Dollars, the amount thereof and (ii) if denominated in any Alternative Currency other than Dollars, the amount thereof converted to Dollars in accordance with Section 1.09 ; and 
 (d)	with respect to any other amount (i) if denominated in Dollars, the amount thereof and (ii) if denominated in any currency other than Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as applicable, on the basis of the Exchange Rate (determined in respect of the most recent relevant date of determination) for the purchase of Dollars with such currency. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means (i) any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia or (ii) any direct wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower or of any Subsidiary described in clause (i) above that is disregarded for U.S. tax purposes. 
 ECF Prepayment Percentage means (a) 50 , if the Borrower s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal year equals or exceeds the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 0.50 to 1.00, (b) 25 , if such First Lien Net Leverage Ratio is less than the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 0.50 to 1.00, but equals or exceeds the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 1.00 to 1.00, and (c) 0 , if such First Lien Net Leverage Ratio is less than the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 1.00 to 1.00. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 11.07(b)(iii) (including any consents that may be required thereunder) and (v) ; provided that neither (x) any Person that is or would be a Defaulting Lender nor (y) any Disqualified Lender shall be an Eligible Assignee. 
 EMU means the Economic and Monetary Union as contemplated in the EU Treaty. 
 EMU Legislation means the legislative measures of the EMU for the introduction of, changeover to, or operation of the Euro in one or more member states. 

Engagement Letter means that certain Engagement Letter, dated as of April 30, 2019, by and among Holdings, the Borrower, Jefferies Finance, BMOCO, UBS and Nomura as amended, restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 Environmental Claim means any and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations by any Governmental Authority, or proceedings with respect to any Environmental Liability or pursuant to Environmental Law, including those (a) by any Governmental Authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any Environmental Law and (b) by any Person seeking damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all Laws relating to the protection of the environment or, to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials, human health. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities) of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Environmental Permit means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under or issued pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement means a pari passu intercreditor agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit K-2 (as the same may be modified in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower), or, if requested by the providers of Indebtedness permitted hereunder to be Pari Passu Lien Debt, another lien subordination arrangement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower, in each case as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. Upon the request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent will execute and deliver an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement with one or more Debt Representatives for secured Indebtedness that is permitted hereunder to be incurred as Pari Passu Lien Debt; provided that the Borrower will not make such request unless such Indebtedness and any related Liens do not violate (including with respect to priority) any provision of the Loan Documents. 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in, including any limited or general partnership interest and any limited liability company membership interest) such Person and all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing (including through convertible securities). 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that together with any Loan Party is treated as a single employer within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA. For the avoidance of doubt, when any provision of this Agreement relates to a past event 

or period of time, the term ERISA Affiliate includes any Person who was, as to the time of such past event or period of time, an ERISA Affiliate within the meaning of the preceding sentence. 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as a termination under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan, written notification of any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or written notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (d) the filing under Section 4041(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for the payment of plan contributions or PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates; (f) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) with respect to any Pension Plan; (g) the application for a minimum funding waiver under Section 302(c) of ERISA with respect to a Pension Plan; (h) the imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan; or (i) a determination that any Pension Plan is in at risk status (within the meaning of Section 303 of ERISA). 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EU Treaty means the Treaty on European Union. 
 Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the provisions of Article 109(i)4 of the EU Treaty. 
 Eurocurrency Rate means: 
 (a)	for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in Dollars, the rate per annum equal to (i) the ICE LIBOR Rate ICE LIBOR ), as published on the applicable Thomson Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing quotations of ICE LIBOR as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the Eurocurrency Rate Loan being made, continued or converted and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by the Administrative Agent to major banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; 
 (b)	for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, the rate per annum equal to (i) the rate, as published on the applicable Thomson Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing quotations of LIBOR as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, 

for deposits in such Alternative Currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in such Alternative Currency for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the Eurocurrency Rate Loan being made, continued or converted and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by the Administrative Agent to major banks in the London interbank market at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; and 
 (c)	prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to (i) ICE LIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time determined two Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits being delivered in the London interbank market for a term of one month commencing that day or (ii) if such published rate is not available at such time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the date of determination in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the Base Rate Loan being made or maintained and with a term equal to one month would be offered by the Administrative Agent to major banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at their request at the date and time of determination. 
 Eurocurrency Rate Loan means a Loan, whether denominated in Dollars or any Alternative Currency, that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) or (b), as applicable, of the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 9.01 . 
 Excess Cash Flow means, for any period, an amount equal to the excess of: 
 (a)	the sum, without duplication, of: 
 (i)	Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, plus 
 (ii)	an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash charges (including depreciation and amortization) for such period to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, but excluding any such non-cash charges representing an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period, plus 
 (iii)	decreases in Consolidated Working Capital for such period (other than any such decreases arising from acquisitions or Dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries completed during such period, the application of purchase accounting or the reclassification of items from short term to long term or vice versa), plus 
 (iv)	an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash loss on Dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, plus 
 (v)	the amount deducted as tax expense in determining Consolidated Net Income to the extent in excess of cash taxes paid in such period (including, without duplication, 

tax distributions pursuant to Section 7.06(g)(i) and tax distribution reserves set aside or payable, plus 
 (vi)	cash receipts in respect of Hedge Agreements during such period to the extent not otherwise included in such Consolidated Net Income; over 
 (b)	the sum, without duplication, of: 
 (i)	an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash credits included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income (but excluding any non-cash credit to the extent representing the reversal of an accrual or reserve described in clause (a)(ii) above) and cash charges excluded by virtue of clauses (a) through (l) (other than clause (g)) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income , plus 
 (ii)	without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (b)(xi) below or this clause (b)(ii) in prior periods, the amount of Capital Expenditures or acquisitions of intellectual property accrued or made in cash during such period to the extent not financed with the proceeds of Funded Debt, plus 
 (iii)	the aggregate amount of all principal payments of Indebtedness (including the principal component of payments in respect of Capitalized Leases) of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent such prepayments or repayments are not funded with the proceeds of Funded Debt, excluding (A) all payments of Indebtedness described in Section 2.07(b)(i)(B)(1)-(3) to the extent such payments reduce the repayment of Term Loans that would otherwise be required by Section 2.07(b)(i) , (B) all payments of Indebtedness pursuant to and in accordance with Section 7.10(a)(v)(B) , and (C) any prepayment of revolving loans to the extent there is not an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder, plus 
 (iv)	an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash gain on Dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income and the net cash loss on Dispositions to the extent otherwise added to arrive at Consolidated Net Income, plus 
 (v)	increases in Consolidated Working Capital for such period (other than any such increases arising from acquisitions or Dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries completed during such period, the application of purchase accounting or the reclassification of items from short term to long term or vice versa), plus 
 (vi)	cash payments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries actually made during such period to the extent not financed with the proceeds of Funded Debt in respect of any purchase price holdbacks, earn-out obligations, long-term liabilities of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Indebtedness) to the extent such payments are not expensed during such period or are not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such period (and so long as there has not been any reduction in respect of such payments in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal year), plus 
 (vii)	without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clauses (viii) and (xi) below in prior periods, the amount of Permitted Investments made during such period 

pursuant to Section 7.02 (excluding Section 7.02(e)(ii) to the extent that such Permitted Investments were not financed with the proceeds of Funded Debt, plus 
 (viii)	the amount of Restricted Payments actually paid (and permitted to be paid) during such period pursuant to Section 7.06 (excluding Sections 7.06(a) , 7.06(c) and 7.06(o)(ii) to the extent such Restricted Payments were not financed with the proceeds of Funded Debt (including, without limitation, amounts paid in connection with compensations arrangements with holders of unvested options entered into in connection with the Specified Dividend), plus 
 (ix)	the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent not financed with the proceeds of Funded Debt during such period (including expenditures for the payment of financing fees) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed during such fiscal year or are not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income (and so long as there has not been any reduction in respect of such expenditures in arriving at Consolidated Net Income for such period), plus 
 (x)	to the extent such were not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such period, the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually paid in cash by Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that are made in connection with any prepayment of any principal of Indebtedness to the extent such prepayment of principal reduced Excess Cash Flow pursuant to clause (b)(iii) above or reduced the mandatory prepayment required by Section 2.07(b)(i) , plus 
 (xi)	without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in prior periods, the aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts, commitments, or binding purchase orders (to the extent not financed with the proceeds of Funded Debt, the Contract Consideration entered into prior to or during such period relating to Permitted Acquisitions (or Investments similar to those made for Permitted Acquisitions), Capital Expenditures or acquisitions of intellectual property to be consummated; provided that, to the extent the aggregate amount actually utilized to finance such Permitted Acquisitions (or Investments similar to those made for Permitted Acquisitions), Capital Expenditures or acquisitions of intellectual property during any period is less than the Contract Consideration that reduced Excess Cash Flow for the prior period, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow for such period, plus 
 (xii)	the amount of cash taxes (including penalties and interest) paid or tax reserves set aside or payable (without duplication) in such period, to the extent they exceed the amount of tax expense deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus 
 (xiii)	cash expenditures in respect of Hedge Agreements during such period to the extent not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income; 
 provided that, at the option of the Borrower, any item that meets the criteria of any sub-clause of this clause (b) after the end of the applicable period and prior to the applicable date of calculation of Excess Cash Flow for such period may, at the Borrower s option, be included in the applicable period, but not in any calculation pursuant to this clause (b) for the subsequent calculation period if such election is made. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Exchange Rate means, on any date with respect to any currency, the rate at which such currency may be exchanged into any other currency, as set forth at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such date on the applicable Bloomberg page for such currency. In the event that such rate does not appear on any Bloomberg page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying the exchange rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent, or, in the event no such service is selected, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the arithmetic average of the spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent in the market where its foreign currency exchange operations in respect of such currency are then being conducted, at or about 10:00 a.m., local time, on such date for the purchase of the relevant currency for delivery two Business Days later; provided that, if at the time of any such determination, for any reason no such spot rate is being quoted, the Administrative Agent, after consultation with the Borrower, may use any reasonable method that it deems appropriate to determine such rate, and such determination shall be presumed correct absent manifest error. 
 Excluded Asset has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Excluded Equity Interests has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means: 
 (a)	any Subsidiary that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Borrower or a Guarantor, 
 (b)	any Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower or of any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary or Foreign Subsidiary, 
 (c)	any FSHCO, 
 (d)	any Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary, 
 (e)	any Subsidiary that is prohibited or restricted by applicable Law from providing a Guaranty or by a binding contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date or at the time of the acquisition of such Subsidiary (and not incurred in contemplation of such acquisition) from providing a Guaranty provided that such contractual obligation is not entered into by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries principally for the purpose of qualifying as an Excluded Subsidiary under this definition) or if such Guaranty would require governmental (including regulatory) or third party (other than Holdings, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) consent, approval, license or authorization, unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been obtained, 
 (f)	any special purpose securitization vehicle (or similar entity) including any Securitization Subsidiary created pursuant to a transaction permitted under this Agreement, 
 (g)	any Subsidiary that is a not-for-profit organization, 
 (h)	any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, 
 (i)	any other Subsidiary with respect to which, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower (confirmed in writing by notice to the Borrower), the cost or other consequences (including any material adverse tax consequences) of 

providing the Guaranty shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom, 
 (j)	any other Subsidiary to the extent the provision of a guaranty by such Subsidiary would result in material adverse tax consequences to Holdings (or any parent of Holdings to the extent such material adverse tax consequences are related to its ownership of the Equity Interests in Holdings or the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries), the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith in consultation with the Administrative Agent; 
 (k)	any Unrestricted Subsidiary, and 
 (l)	any Immaterial Subsidiary; provided that the Borrower, in its sole discretion (or in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, with the consent of the Administrative Agent not to be unreasonably withheld), may cause any Restricted Subsidiary that qualifies as an Excluded Subsidiary under clauses (a) through (l) above to become a Guarantor in accordance with the definition thereof (subject to completion of know your customer and similar requirements of the Administrative Agent) and thereafter such Subsidiary shall not constitute an Excluded Subsidiary (unless and until the Borrower elects, in its sole discretion, to designate such Persons as an Excluded Subsidiary; provided , that such designation shall be treated as an Investment pursuant to Section 7.02 and shall be permitted solely to the extent such designation is permitted as an Investment under Section 7.02) . 
 Excluded Taxes has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a) . 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning specified in the preliminary statements to this Agreement. 
 Existing Debt means the Indebtedness of the Borrower and is Subsidiaries under (i) that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2014 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2016 and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof), by and among Holdings, the Borrower, the subsidiary guarantor from time to time party thereto and the purchasers from time to time party thereto and (ii) the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 Extended Commitments means, collectively, Extended Revolving Commitments and Extended Term Commitments. 
 Extended Loans means, collectively, Extended Revolving Loans and Extended Term Loans. 
 Extended Revolving Commitments means the Revolving Commitments held by an Extending Lender. 
 Extended Revolving Loans means the Revolving Loans made pursuant to Extended Revolving Commitments. 
 Extended Term Commitments means the Term Loan Commitments held by an Extending Lender. 
 Extended Term Loans means the Term Loans made pursuant to Extended Term Commitments. 

Extending Lender means each Lender accepting an Extension Offer. 
 Extension has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a) . 
 Extension Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(b) . 
 Extension Offer has the meaning specified in Section 2.18(a) . 
 Facility means the Term Loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) (including both Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans, which shall constitute a single Facility hereunder), the Delayed Draw Commitments, the Revolving Loans, the Swing Line Loans, any Extended Term Loans, any Extended Revolving Commitments and Extended Revolving Loans, any Incremental Term Loans, any Refinancing Term Loans or any Refinancing Revolving Loans, as the context may require. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 FCPA means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended or modified from time to time. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1 charged to the Administrative Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided further that, the Federal Funds Rate, if negative, shall be deemed to be zero. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Financial Covenant has the meaning specified in Section 9.01(e) . 
 Financial Covenant Cross Default has the meaning specified in Section 9.01(b) . 
 Financial Covenant Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 9.01(b) . 
 First Lien Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Secured Net Debt under the Facilities and any Pari Passu Lien Debt outstanding as of the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower for such Test Period. 
 First Prepayment Date means such date that is the 46 th day following the Third Amendment Funding Date. 
 Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc., and any successor thereto. 

Fixed Incremental Amount means, as of the date of measurement, the sum of: 
 (a)	the greater of (i) 100 of Closing Date EBITDA and (ii) 100 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination, plus 
 (b)	the aggregate principal amount of any voluntary prepayments (including those made through (i) debt buybacks (whether or not offered to all lenders) and in the case of below-par repurchases in an amount equal to the discounted amount actually paid in cash in respect of such below-par repurchase and (ii) yank-a-bank payments of Term Loans (including funded Delayed Draw Term Loans) made pursuant to Section 2.07 or 3.07 , reductions in Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments pursuant to Section 2.08 , repayments of Revolving Loans made pursuant to Section 2.07(a) or 3.07 (if accompanied by a corresponding reduction of commitments), prepayments of Pari Passu Lien Debt, or prepayments of the Second Lien Term Loans and other Junior Lien Debt, in each case, to the extent not funded with the proceeds of Funded Debt; minus 
 (c)	without duplication of any amounts incurred in reliance on this definition, the sum of: 
 (i)	the aggregate amount of any Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred and then outstanding in reliance on the Fixed Incremental Amount, plus 
 (ii)	the aggregate amount of any Incremental Loans (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement) incurred and then outstanding in reliance on the definition of Fixed Incremental Amount (or equivalent concept) in the Second Lien Credit Agreement, plus 
 (iii)	the aggregate amount of any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement) incurred and then outstanding in reliance on the definition of Fixed Incremental Amount (or equivalent concept) in the Second Lien Credit Agreement; plus 
 (iv)	the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness incurred and then outstanding under Section 6.03(y)(ii) . 
 Flood Insurance Certificate means with respect to each Mortgaged Property, a completed Life-of-Loan Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard Determination. 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.00 . 
 Foreign Casualty Event has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(b)(vi)(A) . 
 Foreign Disposition has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(b)(vi)(A) . 
 Foreign Lender has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b) . 
 Foreign Plan means any material employee benefit plan, program or agreement maintained or contributed to by, or entered into with, Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings with respect to employees employed outside the United States (other than benefit plans, programs or agreements that are mandated by applicable Laws). 

Foreign Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b)(vi) . 
 Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to the Issuing Banks, such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Letters of Credit Obligations other than such Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof and (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Obligations with respect to Swing Line Loans extended by the Swing Line Lender other than such Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 FSHCO means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of Holdings (other than the Borrower) that has no material assets other than Equity Interests (or Equity Interests and Indebtedness) in one or more Foreign Subsidiaries or other FSHCOs. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course. 
 Funded Debt means all Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for borrowed money that matures more than one year from the date of its creation or matures within one year from such date that is renewable or extendable, at the option of such Person, to a date more than one year from such date or arises under a revolving credit or similar agreement that obligates the lender or lenders to extend credit during a period of more than one year from such date, including Indebtedness in respect of the Loans. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, as in effect from time to time; provided , however , that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof (including through the adoption of IFRS) on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof (including through the adoption of IFRS), then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. 
 General Asset Sale Basket has the meaning specified in Section 7.05(j) . 
 Global Intercompany Note means a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit H executed by Holdings, the Borrower and the wholly owned Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Grant Event means the occurrence of any of the following: (a) the formation or acquisition of any new wholly owned Material Domestic Subsidiary by any Loan Party, (b) the designation in accordance with Section 6.13 of any existing wholly owned Material Domestic Subsidiary of any Loan Party as a Restricted Subsidiary, (c) any Person becoming a wholly owned Material Domestic Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party, in each case under clauses (a) (c) other than an Excluded Subsidiary, or (d) any Restricted Subsidiary of a Loan Party ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 Granting Lender has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(g) . 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guarantors means Holdings and each Restricted Subsidiary that executed a counterpart to the Guaranty (or a joinder thereto) on the Closing Date or thereafter pursuant to Section 6.11 , in each case, other than any Excluded Subsidiaries. 
 Guaranty means (a) the guaranty made by Holdings and the other Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties substantially in the form of Exhibit E and (b) each other guaranty and guaranty supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.11 . 
 Hazardous Materials means any hazardous or toxic chemicals, materials, substances or waste which is listed, classified or regulated by any Governmental Authority as hazardous substances, hazardous wastes, hazardous materials, extremely hazardous wastes, restricted hazardous wastes, toxic substances, toxic wastes, contaminants or pollutants, or words of similar import, under any Environmental Law, including petroleum or petroleum products (including gasoline, crude oil or any fraction thereof), asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas and urea formaldehyde. 
 Hedge Agreement means any agreement with respect to (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity 

options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Hedge Bank means any Person that is an Agent, a Lender, a Lead Arranger or an Affiliate of any of the foregoing on the Closing Date (with respect to any Secured Hedge Agreement entered into on or prior to the Closing Date) or at the time it enters into a Secured Hedge Agreement, in its capacity as a party thereto, whether or not such Person subsequently ceases to be an Agent, a Lender, a Lead Arranger or an Affiliate of any of the foregoing; provided , at the time of entering into a Secured Hedge Agreement, no Hedge Bank shall be a Defaulting Lender. 
 HMT means Her Majesty s Treasury. 
 Holdings has the meaning specified in the preliminary statements to this Agreement, together with its successors and assigns permitted hereunder. 
 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards and applicable accounting requirements set by the International Accounting Standards Board or any successor thereto (or the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, or any successor to either such Board, or the SEC, as the case may be), as in effect from time to time. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than a Material Subsidiary. 
 Incremental Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(e) . 
 Incremental Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(c) . 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt means secured or unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiary Guarantors in the form of term loans or notes; provided that: 
 (a)	the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Equivalent Debt on any date such Indebtedness is incurred shall not, together with any Incremental Revolving Facilities and/or Incremental Term Facilities then outstanding, exceed the Incremental Amount; 
 (b)	any Incremental Equivalent Debt (i) that is Pari Passu Lien Debt shall not mature prior to the Latest Maturity Date of, and shall not have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Initial Term Loans, or (ii) that is Junior Lien Debt or unsecured Indebtedness shall not mature, or have scheduled amortization, prior to the date that is 91 days following the Latest Maturity Date of the Initial Term Loans; provided that this clause (b) shall not apply to the incurrence of any such Indebtedness pursuant to the Inside Maturity Exception; 

(c)	(i) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is guaranteed, such Indebtedness is not incurred or guaranteed by any Loan Party other than the Borrower and the Guarantors (including any Person required to be a Guarantor) (except (A) for guarantees by other Persons that are applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, at the time of incurrence and (B) any such Person incurring or guaranteeing such Incremental Term Facilities or Incremental Revolving Facilities, as applicable, that also guarantees the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable) and (ii) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is secured, such Indebtedness is not secured by any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Guarantor that does not also secure the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, at the time of such incurrence (except (A) customary cash collateral in favor of an agent, letter of credit issuer or similar fronting lender, (B) Liens on property or assets applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, at the time of incurrence, (C) any Liens on property or assets to the extent that a Lien on such property or asset is also added for the benefit of the Lenders under the Term Loans or Revolving Loans and (D) a Debt Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Incremental Equivalent Debt has become party to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, (x) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is Pari Passu Lien Debt, an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or (y) if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is Junior Lien Debt, the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement or another Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable; 
 (d)	any mandatory prepayments of any Incremental Equivalent Debt: 
 (i)	that is Pari Passu Lien Debt shall be made on a pro rata basis or less than pro rata basis with any corresponding mandatory prepayment of the Loans (but not on a greater than pro rata basis, except for (A) any repayment of such Incremental Equivalent Debt at maturity and (B) any greater than pro rata repayment of such Incremental Equivalent Debt with the proceeds of a refinancing thereof); and 
 (ii)	that comprises Junior Financing or unsecured notes or loans may not be made unless, to the extent required hereunder or pursuant to the terms of any Incremental Equivalent Debt that is Pari Passu Lien Debt, such prepayments are first made or offered to the Loans and any such Incremental Equivalent Debt that is Pari Passu Lien Debt on a pro rata basis; and 
 (e)	if such Incremental Equivalent Debt is in the form of term loans and is Pari Passu Lien Debt, then the provisions of Section 2.16(h) shall apply as if such Incremental Equivalent Debt was Incremental Term Loans. 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt will be deemed to include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 
 Incremental Facility has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Incremental Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Incremental Revolving Facilities has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Incremental Revolving Facility Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(i) . 
 Incremental Revolving Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Incremental Term Facilities has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 

Incremental Term Loan Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund an Incremental Term Loan and Incremental Term Loan Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. 
 Incremental Term Loan Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of the Incremental Term Loans of such Lenders; provided , at any time prior to the making of the Incremental Term Loans, the Incremental Term Loan Exposure of any Lender shall be equal to such Lender s Incremental Term Loan Commitment. 
 Incremental Term Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a) . 
 Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, 
 (a)	any indebtedness (including principal or premium) of such Person in respect of borrowed money, evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures, loan agreements or similar instruments, letters of credit or banker s acceptances (or, without double counting, reimbursement agreements in respect thereof), representing Capital Lease Obligations or the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property, except (i) any such balance that constitutes a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade creditor, in each case accrued in the ordinary course of business, or representing any Swap Obligations and (ii) any earn-out obligations until, after 30 days of becoming due and payable, has not been paid and such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and any purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller, if and to the extent any of the foregoing indebtedness (other than letters of credit and Swap Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; 
 (b)	to the extent not otherwise included, any guarantee obligation by such Person of the obligations of the type referred to in clause (a) of another Person (whether or not such items would appear upon the balance sheet of such obligor or guarantor), other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business; 
 (c)	to the extent not otherwise included, the obligations of the type referred to in clause (a) of another Person secured by a Lien on any property owned by such Person, whether or not such obligations are assumed by such Person and whether or not such obligations would appear upon the balance sheet of such Person; provided that the amount of such Indebtedness for purposes of this clause (c) will be the lesser of the fair market value of such property at such date of determination and the amount of Indebtedness so secured; 
 (d)	net obligations of such Person under any Hedge Agreement to the extent such obligations would appear as a net liability on a balance sheet of such Person (other than in the footnotes) prepared in accordance with GAAP; and 
 (e)	all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Equity Interests; 
 provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness will be deemed not to include (1) contingent obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business unless and until such obligations are non-contingent or (2) indebtedness that constitutes Indebtedness merely by virtue of a pledge of the capital stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall in the case of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, exclude loans and advances made by Loan Parties having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll over 

or extension of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business (such loans and advances, Short Term Advances ). Indebtedness shall not include Indebtedness of any direct or indirect parent company appearing on the balance sheet of such Person solely by reason of push down accounting under GAAP. The amount of any net obligation under any Hedge Agreement on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. 
 Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified in Section 11.05 . 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 11.05 . 
 Independent Financial Advisor means an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged and that is independent of the Borrower and its Affiliates. 
 Information has the meaning specified in Section 11.08 . 
 Initial Term Loan Commitment means, as to each Lender, (I) prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date, its obligation to make an Initial Term Loan (other than a Delayed Draw Term Loan) to the Borrower hereunder on the Closing Date, expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of such Initial Term Loans to be made by such Lender under this Agreement, and (II) on or after the Third Amendment Effective Date, its obligation to make a 2021 Incremental Term Loan to the Borrower hereunder on the Third Amendment Funding Date, expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of such 2021 Incremental Term Loans to be made by such Lender under the Third Amendment, in each case, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, (ii) a Refinancing Amendment or (iii) an Extension. The initial amount of each Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 under the caption Initial Term Loan Commitment or, otherwise, in the Assignment and Assumption, Refinancing Amendment or Incremental Amendment (including the Third Amendment) pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Initial Term Loan Commitment, as the case may be. The aggregate amount of the Initial Term Loan Commitments as of the Closing Date is 800,000,000. The aggregate amount of the 2021 Incremental Term Loan Commitments as of the Third Amendment Effective Date is 290,000,000. 
 Initial Term Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01(a) . 
 Inside Maturity Exception means Indebtedness consisting of, at the Borrower s option, any combination of Credit Agreement Refinancing Debt, Incremental Facilities, Incremental Equivalent Debt, Permitted Ratio Debt, Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(l)(iii) and Permitted Refinancing of the foregoing in an original principal amount not to exceed the greater of (a) 75,000,000 and (b) 50 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination. 
 Intellectual Property has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreements has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Intercreditor Agreements means the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement, any other Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement and any Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, in each case that may be executed by the Collateral Agent from time to time. 

Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense, in each case for the Test Period as of such date. 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan, as applicable, and the applicable Maturity Date; provided that if any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates, (b) as to any Base Rate Loan (including a Swing Line Loan), the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter and the applicable Maturity Date and (c) to the extent necessary to create a fungible tranche of Term Loans, the date of the incurrence of any Delayed Draw Term Loans and/or Incremental Term Loans. 
 Interest Period means, (x) as to each Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan and ending on the date one, two, three or six months thereafter, or to the extent consented to by each applicable Lender, twelve months (or such period of less than one month as may be consented to by each applicable Lender), as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice and (y) as to each SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that: 
 (a)	any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day; 
 (b)	any Interest Period (other than an Interest Period having a duration of less than one month) that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 
 (c)	no Interest Period shall extend beyond the applicable Maturity Date. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, including by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition (including by merger or otherwise) of Equity Interests or debt or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person, but excluding any Short Term Advances or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions, including by merger or otherwise) of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of another Person. The amount of any Investment at any time shall be the amount of cash and the fair market value of other property actually invested (measured at the time made), without adjustment for subsequent changes in the value of such Investment, net of any return, whether a return of capital, interest, dividend or otherwise, with respect to such Investment. 
 Investment Grade Rating means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P, or an equivalent rating by any other nationally recognized statistical rating agency selected by the Borrower. 
 IRS means Internal Revenue Service of the United States. 

Issuance Notice means an Issuance Notice in respect of letters of credit substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 . 
 Issuing Bank means each of Jefferies Finance, Bank of Montreal, UBS AG, Stamford Branch, Bank of America, N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, each as an Issuing Bank hereunder, together with its permitted successors and assigns in such capacity, and any other Revolving Lender that becomes an Issuing Bank in accordance with Section 2.04(k) or (m) . Any Issuing Bank may cause Letters of Credit to be issued by an Affiliate of such Issuing Bank or by another financial institution designated by such Issuing Bank, and all Letters of Credit issued by any such Affiliate or any such designated financial institution shall be treated as being issued by such Issuing Bank for all purposes under the Loan Documents. 
 Jefferies Finance has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Joint Bookrunners means Jefferies Finance, BMOCM, UBS and Nomura. 
 Joint Venture means (a) any Person which would constitute an equity method investee of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries and (b) any Person in whom the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries beneficially owns any Equity Interest that is not a Restricted Subsidiary (other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary). 
 Joint Venture Investments means Investments in any Joint Venture or Unrestricted Subsidiary in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (a) 25 of Closing Date EBITDA and (b) 25 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination. 
 Junior Financing means any Material Indebtedness that is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations expressly by its terms. 
 Junior Financing Documentation means any documentation governing any Junior Financing. 
 Junior Lien Debt means any Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on Collateral that has a priority that is contractually junior to the Lien on such Collateral that secure the Obligations. 
 Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement means an intercreditor agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit K-1 (as the same may be modified in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower), or, if requested by the providers of Indebtedness permitted hereunder to be Junior Lien Debt, another lien subordination arrangement reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower, in each case as amended, restated, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. Upon the request of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent will execute and deliver a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement with one or more Debt Representatives for secured Indebtedness that is permitted to be incurred hereunder as Junior Lien Debt; provided that the Borrower shall not make such request unless such Indebtedness and related Liens do not violate (including with respect to priority) any provisions of the Loan Documents. 
 Latest Maturity Date means, at any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of any Incremental Loan, any Refinancing Term Loan, any Refinancing Revolving Loan, any Extended Term Loan or any Extended Revolving Commitment, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time. 

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities and executive orders, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority. 
 LCA Election has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(f) . 
 LCA Test Date has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(f) . 
 Lead Arrangers means (a) Jefferies Finance, BMOCM, UBS and Nomura, for the Initial Term Loans and (b) Jefferies Finance, for the 2021 Incremental Term Loans. 
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, includes each Revolving Lender and each Term Loan Lender), and their respective successors and assigns as permitted hereunder, each of which is referred to herein as a Lender. Each Additional Lender shall be a Lender to the extent any such Person has executed and delivered a Refinancing Amendment or an Incremental Amendment, as the case may be, and to the extent such Refinancing Amendment or Incremental Amendment shall have become effective in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, and each Extending Lender shall continue to be a Lender. As of the Closing Date, Schedule 2.01 sets forth the name of each Lender. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Issuing Banks and the Swing Line Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Disqualified Lender that purports to become a Lender hereunder (notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement that prohibit Disqualified Lenders from becoming Lenders) shall be entitled to any of the rights or privileges enjoyed by the other Lenders (including with respect to voting, information and lender meetings) and shall be deemed for all purposes to be, at most, a Defaulting Lender (except for purposes of Section 2.19(d) until such time as such Disqualified Lender no longer owns any Loans or Commitments. 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Letter of Credit means a letter of credit issued or to be issued by any Issuing Bank pursuant to this Agreement, which letter of credit shall be (a) a standby letter of credit or (b) solely to the extent agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank in its sole discretion, a commercial or trade letter of credit. 
 Letter of Credit Advance means, as to any Revolving Lender, such Lender s funding of its participation in any Letter of Credit Borrowing in accordance with its Pro Rata Share. 
 Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the applicable Issuing Bank, together with an Issuance Notice. 
 Letter of Credit Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit that has not been reimbursed by the Borrower on the date when made or refinanced as a Revolving Loan Borrowing. 
 Letter of Credit Documents means, as to any Letter of Credit, each Letter of Credit Application and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower or in favor of such Issuing Bank and relating to such Letter of Credit. 

Letter of Credit Expiration Date means the day that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Commitment Maturity Date (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day). 
 Letter of Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or the extension of the expiry date thereof, or the renewal or increase of the amount thereof. 
 Letter of Credit Obligations means, at any time, the aggregate of all liabilities at such time of any Loan Party to each Issuing Bank with respect to Letters of Credit, whether or not any such liability is contingent, including, without duplication, the sum of (a) the Reimbursement Obligations at such time and (b) the maximum aggregate amount which is, or at any time thereafter may become, available for drawing under all Letters of Credit then outstanding. 
 Letter of Credit Percentage means, (a) initially with respect to (i) Jefferies Finance, 14.0 , (ii) Bank of Montreal, 7.9 , (iii) UBS AG, Stamford Branch, 7.9 , (iv) Bank of America, N.A., 25.3 , (v) Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., 25.3 and (vi) Goldman Sachs Bank USA, 19.7 (in each case, as may be reduced to reflect any percentage allocated to another Issuing Bank pursuant to the immediately succeeding clause (b)) and (b) from time to time after the Closing Date with respect to any other Issuing Bank, a percentage to be agreed between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank. 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means the greater of (a) 10,000,000 and (b) such higher amount as the Borrower, the Revolving Lenders and the applicable Issuing Bank(s) may from time to time agree. 
 Letter of Credit Usage means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the maximum aggregate amount which is, or at any time thereafter may become, available for drawing under all Letters of Credit then outstanding and (b) the aggregate amount of all Reimbursement Obligations outstanding at such time. 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any Capitalized Lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing); provided that in no event shall an operating lease in and of itself be deemed a Lien. 
 Limited Condition Acquisition means any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder by the Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 
 Liquidity means, as of any date of determination, (a) cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis that is not Restricted, plus (b) the amount by which revolving commitments extended to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including the Revolving Commitments, exceed the total utilization of such revolving commitments, including the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments. 
 Loan means a Term Loan, a Delayed Draw Term Loan, a Revolving Loan and a Swing Line Loan made by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II (including Section 2.16 ). 
 Loan Documents means collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) the First Amendment, (c) the Second Amendment, (d) the Third Amendment, (e) the Notes, (f) any Refinancing Amendment, 

Incremental Amendment or Extension Amendment, (g) the Guaranty, (h) the Collateral Documents, (i) the Intercreditor Agreement (if any), and (j) the Global Intercompany Note. 
 Loan Parties means, collectively, the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
 L/C Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.11(b)(ii) . 
 Management Stockholders means (a) the members of management of Holdings, any direct or indirect parent of Holdings, or any of their respective Subsidiaries who are investors in Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings, (b) family members of any of the individuals identified in the foregoing clause (a) , (c) trusts, partnerships or limited liability companies for the benefit of any of the individuals identified in the foregoing clause (a) or (b) , and (d) heirs, executors, estates, successors and legal representatives of the individuals identified in the foregoing clause (a) or (b) . 
 Margin Stock has the meaning set forth in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System, or any successor thereto. 
 Market Capitalization means an amount equal to (a) the sum of (i) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower on the date of the initial public offering of the shares of common stock of the Borrower or such direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, plus (ii) the total number of shares of common stock of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower that are actually issued, if any, upon exercise of the overallotment option granted to the underwriters of such initial public offering, multiplied by (b) the initial public offering price of such shares of common stock. 
 Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of Hedge Agreement. 
 Material Adverse Effect means any event, circumstance or condition that has had a materially adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent) or financial condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties (taken as a whole) to perform their respective payment obligations under any Loan Document to which any of the Loan Parties is a party and (c) the rights and remedies of the Lenders, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document. 
 Material Domestic Subsidiary means, as of the Closing Date and thereafter at any date of determination, each of the Borrower s Domestic Subsidiaries (a) whose total assets at the last day of the most recent Test Period (when taken together with the total assets of the Subsidiaries of such Domestic Subsidiary at the last day of the most recent Test Period) were equal to or greater than 5.0 of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of such Test Period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP or (b) whose revenues for such Test Period (when taken together with the revenues of the Subsidiaries of such Domestic Subsidiary for such Test Period) were equal to or greater than 5.0 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such Test Period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that if, at any time and from time to time after the date which is 30 days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion), Domestic Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors solely because they do not meet the thresholds set forth in clause (a) or (b) comprise in the aggregate more than (when taken together with the total assets of the Subsidiaries of such Domestic Subsidiaries at the last day of the most recent Test Period) 10.0 of total assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries that are Domestic Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period or more than (when taken together with the revenues of the Subsidiaries of such Domestic Subsidiaries for such Test Period) 10.0 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries that are Domestic 

Subsidiaries for such Test Period, then the Borrower shall, not later than sixty days after the date by which financial statements for such Test Period were required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), (i) designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more of such Domestic Subsidiaries as Material Domestic Subsidiaries to the extent required such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true and (ii) comply with the provisions of Section 6.11 with respect to any such Subsidiaries. 
 Material Foreign Subsidiary means, as of the Closing Date and thereafter at any date of determination, each of the Borrower s Foreign Subsidiaries (a) whose total assets at the last day of the most recent Test Period (when taken together with the total assets of the Subsidiaries of such Foreign Subsidiary at the last day of the most recent Test Period) were equal to or greater than 5.0 of the consolidated total assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the last day of such Test Period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP or (b) whose revenues for such Test Period (when taken together with the revenues of the Subsidiaries of such Foreign Subsidiary for such Test Period) were equal to or greater than 5.0 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such Test Period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that if, at any time and from time to time after the date which is 30 days after the Closing Date (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion), Foreign Subsidiaries that are not Material Foreign Subsidiaries comprise in the aggregate more than (when taken together with the total assets of the Subsidiaries of such Foreign Subsidiaries at the last day of the most recent Test Period) 10.0 of total assets of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recently ended Test Period or more than (when taken together with the revenues of the Subsidiaries of such Foreign Subsidiaries for such Test Period) 10.0 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries for such Test Period, then the Borrower shall, not later than sixty days after the date by which financial statements for such Test Period were required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), designate in writing to the Administrative Agent one or more of such Foreign Subsidiaries as Material Foreign Subsidiaries to the extent required such that the foregoing condition ceases to be true. 
 Material Indebtedness means, as of any date, Indebtedness for borrowed money on such date of any Loan Party in an aggregate principal amount exceeding the Threshold Amount; provided that in no event shall any of the following be Material Indebtedness (a) Indebtedness under a Loan Document, (b) obligations in respect of a Permitted Receivables Financing, (c) capital lease obligations and (d) Indebtedness held by a Loan Party or any Indebtedness held solely by an Affiliate of a Loan Party. 
 Material Real Property means any real property owned in fee by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party (or owned by any Person required to become a Loan Party hereunder) (a) with a book value in excess of 7,500,000 and (b) not located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) to be located in a special flood hazard area. 
 Material Subsidiary means any Material Domestic Subsidiary or any Material Foreign Subsidiary. 
 Maturity Date means: 
 (a)	with respect to the Initial Term Loans and any Delayed Draw Term Loans, in each case, that have not been extended pursuant to Section 2.18 , the date that is the earlier of (i) seven years after the Closing Date and (ii) the date such Term Loans are declared due and payable pursuant to Section 9.02 , 

(b)	with respect to the Revolving Loans, the date that is the earlier of (i) five years after the Closing Date and (ii) the date Revolving Loans are declared due and payable pursuant to Section 9.02 , 
 (c)	with respect to any tranche of Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving Commitments, the earlier of (i) the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Extension Amendment and (ii) the date such tranche of Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving Commitments are terminated and/or declared due and payable pursuant to Section 9.02 , 
 (d)	with respect to any Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loans, the earlier of (i) the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment and (ii) the date such Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loans are declared due and payable pursuant to Section 9.02 , and 
 (e)	with respect to any Incremental Term Loans, the earlier of (i) the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Incremental Amendment and (ii) the date such Incremental Term Loans are declared due and payable pursuant to Section 9.02 ; 
 provided , in each case, that if such day is not a Business Day, the applicable Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such day. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 11.10 . 
 Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 103 of the Fronting Exposure of the Issuing Banks with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 103 of the Fronting Exposure of the Swing Line Lender with respect to Swing Line Loans outstanding at such time and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in their sole discretion. 
 Minority Investment means any Person other than a Subsidiary in which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owns any Equity Interests. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
 Mortgage Policy and/or Mortgage Policies means an American Land Title Association Lender s Extended Coverage title insurance policy covering such interest in the Mortgaged Property in an amount at least equal to the fair market value of such Mortgaged Property (or such lesser amount as shall be specified by the Collateral Agent) insuring the first priority Lien of each such Mortgage as a valid Lien on the property described therein, free of any other Liens except as expressly permitted by Section 7.01 , together with such endorsements, coinsurance and reinsurance as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
 Mortgaged Properties means the property on which Mortgages are required pursuant to Section 6.11 . 
 Mortgages means, collectively, the deeds of trust, trust deeds, hypothecs and mortgages made by the Loan Parties in favor or for the benefit of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, and any other mortgages, deeds of trust, trust deeds and hypothecs executed and delivered pursuant to Sections 6.11 or 6.12(b) . 

Multiemployer Plan means any multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and subject to Title IV of ERISA, to which any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means, with respect to: 
 (a)	the Disposition of any asset by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Casualty Event, the excess, if any, of: 
 (i)	the sum of cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (including any cash and Cash Equivalents received by way of deferred payment pursuant to, or by monetization of, a note receivable or otherwise, but only as and when so received and, with respect to any Casualty Event, any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of such Casualty Event actually received by or paid to or for the account of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries), over 
 (ii)	the sum of, 
 (A)	the principal amount, premium or penalty, if any, interest, breakage costs and other amounts on any Indebtedness that is secured by the asset subject to such Disposition or Casualty Event and required to be repaid in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event (other than Indebtedness under the Loan Documents, Pari Passu Lien Debt or Junior Lien Debt), 
 (B)	the out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including attorneys fees, accountants fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and re-cording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other customary fees) actually incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such Disposition or Casualty Event and restoration costs following a Casualty Event, 
 (C)	taxes or distributions made pursuant to Section 7.06(g)(i) or 7.06(g)(iii) paid or reasonably estimated to be payable in connection therewith (including taxes imposed on the distribution or repatriation of any such Net Cash Proceeds), 
 (D)	in the case of any Disposition or Casualty Event by a non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, the pro rata portion of the Net Cash Proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (D)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of the Borrower or a wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary as a result thereof, and 
 (E)	any reserve for adjustment in respect of (1) the sale price of such asset or assets established in accordance with GAAP and (2) any liabilities associated with such asset or assets and retained by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after such sale or other disposition thereof, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations associated with such transaction, it being understood that Net Cash Proceeds shall include the amount of any 

reversal (without the satisfaction of any applicable liabilities in cash in a corresponding amount) of any reserve described in this clause (E); 
 provided that (I) no net cash proceeds calculated in accordance with the foregoing realized in a single transaction or series of related transactions shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds unless such amount exceeds 5,000,000 and (II) no such net cash proceeds shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds under this clause (a) in any fiscal year until the aggregate amount of all such net cash proceeds in such fiscal year exceeds 10,000,000 (and thereafter only net cash proceeds in excess of such amount shall constitute Net Cash Proceeds under this clause (a) ); and 
 (b)	the sale, incurrence or issuance of any Indebtedness by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Permitted Equity Issuance by the Borrower, the excess, if any, of: 
 (i)	the sum of the cash and Cash Equivalents received in connection with such incurrence or issuance over 
 (ii)	taxes paid or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof, fees (including investment banking fees, attorneys fees, accountants fees, underwriting fees and discounts), commissions, costs and other out-of-pocket expenses and other customary expenses, incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with such sale, incurrence or issuance; and 
 (c)	any Permitted Equity Issuance by any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, the amount of cash and Cash Equivalents from such Permitted Equity Issuance contributed to the capital of the Borrower. 
 Net Income means, with respect to any Person, the net income (loss) of such Person, determined in accordance with GAAP (determined, for the avoidance of doubt, on an unconsolidated basis) and before any reduction in respect of preferred stock dividends. 
 Netted Tax Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(b)(vi) . 
 Nomura has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Non-Bank Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b) . 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified in the penultimate paragraph of Section 3.07 . 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 Non-Loan Party means any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party. 
 Nonrenewal Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(b)(iii) . 
 Not Otherwise Applied means, with reference to the amount of any capital contributions or Net Cash Proceeds from Permitted Equity Issuances that is proposed to be applied to a particular use or transaction, that such amount was not previously applied in determining the permissibility of a transaction under the Loan Documents (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any use of such amount to increase the 

Available Amount) where such permissibility was (or may have been) contingent on the receipt or availability of such amount. 
 Note means each of the Term Loan Notes, the Revolving Loan Notes and the Swing Line Note. 
 Notice of Intent to Cure has the meaning specified in Section 6.02(a) . 
 Obligations means all (a) advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest, fees and expenses that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest, fees and expenses are allowed claims in such proceeding, (b) obligations of any Loan Party arising under any Secured Hedge Agreement and (c) Cash Management Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents (and any of their Subsidiaries to the extent they have obligations under the Loan Documents) include the obligation (including guarantee obligations) to pay principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, charges, expenses, fees, Attorney Costs, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party and to provide Cash Collateral under any Loan Document. 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
 OID means original issue discount. 
 Organization Documents means, 
 (a)	with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); 
 (b)	with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and 
 (c)	with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Applicable ECF Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(b)(i) . 
 Other Applicable Indebtedness has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(b)(ii)(B) . 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(f) . 

Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, the rate of interest per annum reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be its cost of funding such amount. 
 Pari Passu Lien Debt means any Indebtedness that is secured by Liens on Collateral that are pari passu in priority with the Liens on Collateral that secure the Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, Pari Passu Lien Debt includes the Initial Term Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Delayed Draw Term Loans), the Revolving Loans (if any) and the Revolving Commitments, in each case, as of the Closing Date. 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(d) . 
 Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(e) . 
 Participating Member State means each state as described in any EMU Legislation. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates or to which any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates contributes or has an obligation to contribute, or in the case of a multiple employer or other plan described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA, has made, or has had an obligation to make, contributions at any time in the preceding five plan years. 
 Perfection Certificate means a certificate in the form of Exhibit II to the Security Agreement or any other form reasonably approved by the Collateral Agent, as the same shall be supplemented from time to time. 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 Permitted Acquisition has the meaning specified in Section 7.02(c) . 
 Permitted Equity Issuance means any (a) public or private sale or issuance of any Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower or (b) sale or issuance of debt securities representing obligations of Holdings, the Borrower and/or Restricted Subsidiaries (other than debt securities representing intercompany Indebtedness) that have been converted into or exchanged for Qualified Equity Interests, in each case, other than Specified Equity Contributions; provided that Net Cash Proceeds of any such debt securities will be deemed to have been received by the Borrower upon any such conversion or exchange. 
 Permitted Holders means any: 
 (a)	the Sponsor; 
 (b)	the Management Stockholders; 

(c)	any group (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act) of which the Persons described in clauses (a) or (b) above are members; provided that, without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, the Persons described in clauses (a) and (b) above, collectively, beneficially own (as defined in Rules 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) Equity Interests representing at least a majority of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interest of Holdings (or any Successor Holdings, if applicable) then held by such group); and 
 (d)	any direct or indirect parent of Holdings, for so long as a majority of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of such entity is beneficially owned (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, by one or more Permitted Holders described in clauses (a), (b) and/or (c) of the definition thereof. 
 Permitted Investment means (a) any Permitted Acquisition and/or (b) any other Investment or acquisition permitted hereunder. 
 Permitted Investors means (a) the Sponsor, (b) each of the Affiliates and investment managers of the Sponsor, (c) any fund or account managed by any of the persons described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition, (d) any employee benefit plan of Holdings or any of its subsidiaries and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, and (e) investment vehicles of members of management of Holdings or the Borrower but excluding natural persons, Holdings, the Borrower, and their respective subsidiaries. 
 Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt means any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness that is Junior Lien Debt. 
 Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt means any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness that is Pari Passu Lien Debt. 
 Permitted Ratio Debt means secured or unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that, at the time of incurrence thereof: 
 (a)	immediately after giving effect to the issuance, incurrence, or assumption of such Indebtedness: 
 (i)	in the case of any Pari Passu Lien Debt, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period is equal to or less than (A) the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio or (B) the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence; 
 (ii)	in the case of any Junior Lien Debt that ranks pari passu in lien priority with the Second Lien Facility, either: 
 (A)	the Secured Net Leverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period is equal to or less than (I) the Closing Date Secured Net Leverage Ratio or (II) the Secured Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence, or 
 (B)	the Interest Coverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period is equal to or greater than (I) 2.00 to 1.00 or (II) the Interest Coverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence; or 

(iii)	in the case of any unsecured Indebtedness, Indebtedness that is incurred or issued by any Non-Loan Party or secured Indebtedness junior to the Second Lien Facility, either: 
 (A)	the Total Net Leverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period is equal to or less than (I) the Closing Date Total Net Leverage Ratio or (II) the Total Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence, or 
 (B)	the Interest Coverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period is equal to or greater than (I) 2.00 to 1.00 or (II) the Interest Coverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence; 
 in each case, after giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof and measured as of and for the Test Period immediately preceding the issuance, incurrence or assumption of such Indebtedness for which internal financial statements are available; and 
 (b)	if such Indebtedness is intended to be Pari Passu Lien Debt or Junior Lien Debt, a Debt Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Permitted Ratio Debt has become party to, or is otherwise subject to the provisions of, (i) if such Permitted Ratio Debt is Pari Passu Lien Debt, an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or (ii) if such Permitted Ratio Debt is Junior Lien Debt, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement; 
 (c)	immediately before and after giving effect thereto and to the use of the proceeds thereof no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing; and 
 (d)	if such Permitted Ratio Debt is in the form of term loans in U.S. dollars and is Pari Passu Lien Debt, then the provisions of Section 2.16(h) shall apply as if such Permitted Ratio Debt was in the form of Incremental Term Loans. 
 Permitted Ratio Debt will be deemed to include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person; provided that 
 (a)	the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon, plus OID and upfront fees plus other fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder, 
 (b)	other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(c) or Section 7.03(d) , such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended, 

(c)	other than with respect to a Permitted Refinancing in respect of Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(d) , at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, 
 (d)	if such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed, or extended is Junior Financing or Junior Lien Debt, 
 (i)	to the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed, or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal, or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended, 
 (ii)	to the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed, or extended is unsecured, such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension is either (A) unsecured or (B) secured by Liens permitted to be incurred under Section 7.01 at such time; 
 (iii)	to the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed, or extended is secured by Liens, (A) such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension is either unsecured or is not secured by any Liens that do not secure such Indebtedness and (B) to the extent that such Liens are subordinated to the Liens securing the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension is secured by Liens that are subordinated to the Liens securing the Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation (including any intercreditor or similar agreements) governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, replaced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended; 
 (iv)	(A) such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended shall be on terms and conditions that are, taken as a whole, not materially more favorable to the lenders or holders providing such Indebtedness than, those applicable to the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended, as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in its reasonable judgment (except (1) for covenants applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loans at the time of incurrence and (2) any term or condition to the extent such term or condition is also added for the benefit of the Lenders under the Term Loans) or (B) solely to the extent that any terms and conditions applicable to any such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended are not the same as, or substantially similar to, those then applicable to the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended, shall otherwise reflect customary market terms and conditions at the time of such incurrence, including with respect to high yield debt securities to the extent applicable, as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in its reasonable judgment provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least four (4) Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material covenants and events of default of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and 

conditions satisfy the requirement of this clause (iv) shall be conclusive evidence that such material covenants and events of default satisfy such requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such four (4) Business Day (or shorter) period that it disagrees with such determination (including a description of the basis upon which it disagrees)); provided further that this clause (iv) will not apply to (w) terms addressed in the other clauses of this Permitted Refinancing definition, (x) interest rate, rate floors, fees, funding discounts and other pricing terms, (y) redemption, prepayment or other premiums, and (z) optional prepayment or redemption terms, and 
 (v)	such modification, refinancing, refunding, replacement, renewal or extension is incurred by the Person who is the obligor of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, replaced, renewed or extended and no additional obligors become liable for such Indebtedness; 
 (e)	in the case of any Permitted Refinancing in respect of any Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or any Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, in each case, such Permitted Refinancing is secured by Liens on assets of Loan Parties that are subject to an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable; and 
 (f)	in the case of any Permitted Refinancing in respect of any Incremental Equivalent Debt, such Permitted Refinancing shall be subject to the terms of clause (c) of the definition of Incremental Equivalent Debt as if such Permitted Refinancing were also Incremental Equivalent Debt. 
 Permitted Refinancing will be deemed to include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any material employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), other than a Foreign Plan, established by any Loan Party or, with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any of their respective ERISA Affiliates. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 Pledged Debt has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Pledged Equity has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Pounds Sterling and mean the lawful money of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
 Prepayment Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(b)(vii) . 
 Prepayment Notice means a written notice made pursuant to Section 2.07(a)(i) substantially in the form of Exhibit J . 
 Private-Side Information means any information with respect to Holdings and its Subsidiaries that is not Public-Side Information. 

Pro Forma Basis and Pro Forma Effect mean, with respect to compliance with any test or covenant or calculation hereunder, the determination or calculation of such test, covenant or ratio (including in connection with Specified Transactions) in accordance with Section 1.08 . 
 Pro Rata Share means (a) with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the Term Loan of a given Class of any Lender at any time a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Term Loan Exposure of such Class of such Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the aggregate Term Loan Exposure of such Class of all Lenders at such time; (b)(i) with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the Revolving Commitment of any Lender at any time a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the unused Revolving Commitment of that Lender and the denominator of which is the aggregate unused Revolving Commitments of all Lenders at such time and (ii) with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the Revolving Loans of any Lender and any Letters of Credit issued or participations purchased therein by any Lender or any participation in any Swing Line Loans purchased by any Lender at any time a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Revolving Exposure of that Lender and the denominator of which is the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all Lenders at such time; (c)(i) with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of any Lender at any time a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of that Lender and the denominator of which is the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders at such time and (ii); with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the Delayed Draw Term Loans of any Lender at any time a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Exposure of that Lender and the denominator of which is the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders at such time and (d) with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the Incremental Term Loans of any Lender at any time a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the amount of the Incremental Term Loan Exposure of such Lender at such time and the denominator of which is the aggregate Incremental Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders at such time. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Public Company Costs means costs relating to compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and other expenses arising out of or incidental to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof which do not own other Subsidiaries besides Holdings, its Subsidiaries and any other direct or indirect parents of Holdings) status as a reporting company, including costs, fees and expenses (including legal, accounting and other professional fees) relating to compliance with provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, the rules of securities exchange companies with listed equity securities, directors compensation, fees and expense reimbursement, shareholder meetings and reports to shareholders, directors and officers insurance and other executive costs, legal and other professional fees, and listing fees. 
 Public Lenders means Lenders that do not wish to receive Private-Side Information. 
 Public-Side Information means (a) at any time prior to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries becoming the issuer of any Traded Securities, information that is (i) of a type that would be required by applicable Law to be publicly disclosed in connection with an issuance by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries of its debt or equity securities pursuant to a registered public offering made at such time or (ii) not material to make an investment decision with respect to securities of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries 

(for purposes of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws), and (b) at any time on or after Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries becoming the issuer of any Traded Securities, information that does not constitute material non-public information (within the meaning of United States federal, state or other applicable securities laws) with respect to Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective securities. 
 Qualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interests that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Qualified Holding Company Debt means unsecured Indebtedness of Holdings: 
 (a)	that is not subject to any Guarantee by any Subsidiary of Holdings (including the Borrower), 
 (b)	that will not mature prior to the date that is six months after the Latest Maturity Date in effect on the date of issuance or incurrence thereof, 
 (c)	that has no scheduled amortization or scheduled payments of principal and is not subject to mandatory redemption, repurchase, prepayment or sinking fund obligation (it being understood that such Indebtedness may have mandatory prepayment, repurchase or redemption provisions satisfying the requirements of clause (e) below), 
 (d)	that does not require any payments in cash of interest or other amounts in respect of the principal thereof prior to the earlier to occur of (i) the date that is four years from the date of the issuance or incurrence thereof and (ii) the date that is 180 days after the Latest Maturity Date in effect on the date of such issuance or incurrence, and 
 (e)	that has mandatory prepayment, repurchase or redemption, covenant, default and remedy provisions customary for senior discount notes of an issuer that is the parent of a borrower under senior secured credit facilities, and in any event, with respect to covenant, default and remedy provisions, no more restrictive (taken as a whole) than those set forth in this Agreement (other than provisions customary for senior discount notes of a holding company); 
 provided , that any such Indebtedness shall constitute Qualified Holding Company Debt only if immediately after giving effect to the issuance or incurrence thereof and the use of proceeds thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Qualified Securitization Financing means any Securitization Financing of a Securitization Subsidiary that meets the following conditions: (a) such Qualified Securitization Financing (including financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions) is in the aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Borrower and the Securitization Subsidiary, (b) all sales, transfers and/or contributions of Securitization Assets and related assets to the Securitization Subsidiary are made at fair market value and (c) the financing terms, covenants, termination events and other provisions thereof, including any Standard Securitization Undertakings, shall be market terms. The grant of a security interest in any Securitization Assets of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Securitization Subsidiary) to secure Indebtedness under this Agreement prior to engaging in any Securitization Financing shall not be deemed a Qualified Securitization Financing. 
 Qualifying IPO means either (a) the issuance by Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings of its common Equity Interests in an underwritten primary public offering (other than a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8 (or equivalent forms applicable for foreign public companies or foreign private issuers) or any successor form) pursuant to an effective registration statement 

filed with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act or pursuant to a prospectus or similar documents filed with securities regulatory authorities outside of the United States (whether alone or in connection with a secondary public offering) or (b) any transaction or series of related transactions following consummation of which Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings is either subject to the periodic reporting obligations of the Exchange Act or has a class or series of Equity Interests publicly traded on a recognized securities exchange, in each case, if following such transaction or series of transactions, any class or series of Equity Interests of such Person is listed on a national securities exchange. 
 Ratio Amount means an aggregate principal amount that, after giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence thereof, in accordance with Section 1.08 (assuming, in the case of (x) any Incremental Revolving Commitments, a full drawing of such Revolving Commitments and (y) any Incremental Facilities with a delayed draw feature, either (as determined by the Borrower) (i) a full drawing thereof as of the date of receiving commitments in respect thereof or (ii) based on the date and actual amount of funding thereof), would not result in: 
 (a)	with respect to an Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred as Pari Passu Lien Debt, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period being greater than (A) the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio or (B) the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence; 
 (b)	with respect to any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt to be incurred as Junior Lien Debt, either: 
 (i)	the Secured Net Leverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period being greater than (A) the Closing Date Secured Net Leverage Ratio or (B) the Secured Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence; or 
 (ii)	the Interest Coverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period being less than (A) 2.00 to 1.00 or (B) the Interest Coverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence; and 
 (c)	with respect to any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt that is unsecured, either: 
 (i)	the Total Net Leverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period being greater than (A) the Closing Date Total Net Leverage Ratio or (B) the Total Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence; or 
 (ii)	the Interest Coverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period being less than (A) 2.00 to 1.00 or (B) the Interest Coverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence. 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, as applicable. 
 Reference Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Available Amount. 
 Refinanced Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness. 
 Refinanced Loans has the meaning specified in Section 11.01 . 

Refinancing Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement executed by each of (a) the Borrower and Holdings, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Additional Lender and Lender that agrees to provide any portion of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness being incurred pursuant thereto, in accordance with Section 2.17 . 
 Refinancing Commitments means any Refinancing Term Commitments or Refinancing Revolving Commitments. 
 Refinancing Loans means any Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loans. 
 Refinancing Revolving Commitments means one or more Classes of Revolving Loan commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Refinancing Revolving Loans means one or more Classes of Revolving Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Refinancing Term Commitments means one or more Classes of Term Loan commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Refinancing Term Loans means one or more Classes of Term Loans that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Refunded Swing Line Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(c)(i) . 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(c) . 
 Registered Equivalent Notes means, with respect to any notes originally issued in a Rule 144A or other private placement transaction under the Securities Act, substantially identical notes (having the same Guarantees) issued in a dollar-for-dollar exchange therefor pursuant to an exchange offer registered with the SEC. 
 Reimbursement Obligations has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(c)(i) . 
 Related Indemnified Person of an Indemnitee means (a) any controlling person or controlled affiliate of such Indemnitee, (b) the respective directors, officers, or employees of such Indemnitee or any of its controlling persons or controlled affiliates and (c) the respective agents of such Indemnitee or any of its controlling persons or controlled affiliates, in the case of this clause (c), acting at the instructions of such Indemnitee, controlling person or such controlled affiliate; provided that each reference to a controlled affiliate or controlling person in this definition shall pertain to a controlled affiliate or controlling person involved in the negotiation or syndication of the Facility. 
 Relevant Four Fiscal Quarter Period means, with respect to any requested Specified Equity Contribution, the four-fiscal quarter period ending on (and including) the fiscal quarter in which Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA will be increased as a result of such Specified Equity Contribution. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (i) in respect of any Loans denominated in Dollars, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto and (ii) in respect of Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, the central bank or other Governmental Authority for such Alternative 

Currency, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by such central bank or other Governmental Authority, or any successor thereto. 
 Replacement Loans has the meaning specified in Section 11.01 . 
 Reportable Event means, with respect to any Pension Plan, any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than events for which the thirty day notice period has been waived by regulation as in effect on the date hereof. 
 Repricing Event means: 
 (a)	the incurrence by the Borrower or any other Loan Party of any Indebtedness (including any new or additional Term Loans (other than Delayed Draw Term Loans) under this Agreement, whether incurred directly or by way of the conversion of the Initial Term Loans and/or Delayed Draw Term Loans into a new tranche of replacement Term Loans under this Agreement) (i) having an All-In Yield that is less than the All-In Yield for the Initial Term Loans, and (ii) the proceeds of which are used to prepay (or, in the case of a conversion, deemed to prepay or replace), in whole or in part, the outstanding principal of the Initial Term Loans and/or the Delayed Draw Term Loans, or 
 (b)	any effective reduction in the All-In Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans and/or the Delayed Draw Term Loans e.g. , by way of amendment, waiver or otherwise); 
 provided that a Repricing Event shall not include any event described in clause (a) or (b) above that (x) is not consummated for the primary purpose of lowering the All-In Yield applicable to the Initial Term Loans and/or the Delayed Draw Term Loans (as determined in good faith by the Borrower), or (y) that is consummated in connection with a Change of Control, Qualifying IPO, Transformative Acquisition dividend or other distribution or other debt repayment. 
 Required Delayed Draw Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having or holding more than 50 of the sum of the aggregate Delayed Draw Commitments then outstanding. 
 Required Facility Lenders means, with respect to any Facility (other than the Revolving Loans) on any date of determination, Lenders having or holding more than 50 of the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Loans under such Facility and (b) the aggregate unused Commitments under such Facility; provided that (i) any determination of Required Facility Lenders shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.07(h) with respect to Affiliated Lenders and (ii) the portion of outstanding Loans and the unused Commitments of such Facility, as applicable, held or deemed held by a Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Facility Lenders. 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having or holding more than 50 of the sum of the (a) the aggregate Term Loan Exposure of all Lenders and (b) the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all Lenders; provided that (a) the aggregate Term Loan Exposure and Revolving Exposure of or held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders and (b) any determination of Required Lenders shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.07(h) with respect to Affiliated Lenders. 
 Required Revolving Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Lenders having or holding more than 50 of the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all Lenders; provided that the Revolving Exposure of or held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Lenders. 

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, senior vice president, senior vice president (finance), vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer, manager of treasury activities or assistant treasurer or other similar officer or Person performing similar functions of a Loan Party and, as to any document delivered on the Closing Date, any secretary or assistant secretary of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Responsible Officer shall refer to a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Restricted means, when referring to cash or Cash Equivalents of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, that such cash or Cash Equivalents appear (or would be required to appear) as restricted on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary (unless such appearance is related to a restriction in favor of, among others, the Administrative Agent). 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower s or Holdings stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Persons thereof). 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Revolving Commitment means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund any Revolving Loan and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans hereunder and Revolving Commitments means such commitments of all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Revolving Commitment, if any, is set forth on Schedule 1-B of the Second Amendment under the caption Revolving Commitments or in the applicable Assignment and Assumption, subject to any increase, adjustment or reduction pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof including Section 2.16 . The aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments as of the Second Amendment Operative Date is 150,000,000. 
 Revolving Commitment Period means the period from the Closing Date to but excluding the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. 
 Revolving Commitment Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (a) the fifth anniversary of the Second Amendment Effective Date, (b) the date that is 6 months prior to the Maturity Date for the Initial Term Loans; provided, this clause (b) shall not apply if prior to such date (i) the Maturity Date for the Initial Term Loans is extended to a date that is at least 6 months after the date set forth in clause (a) above in accordance with Section 2.18, (ii) the Initial Term Loans are refinanced, exchanged or replaced in full with Indebtedness having a maturity date that is at least 6 months after the date set forth in clause (a) above or (iii) the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon is paid in full, (c) the date that the Revolving Commitments, including Revolving Commitments in respect of Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans, are permanently reduced to zero pursuant to Section 2.08 , and (d) the date of the termination of the Revolving Commitments pursuant to Section 9.02 . 
 Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender as of any date of determination, (a) prior to the termination of the Revolving Commitments, that Lender s Revolving Commitment; and (b) after the 

termination of the Revolving Commitments, the sum of (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans of that Lender, (ii) in the case of each Issuing Bank, the aggregate Letter of Credit Usage in respect of all Letters of Credit issued by that Lender (net of any participations by Lenders in such Letters of Credit), (iii) the aggregate amount of all participations by that Lender in any outstanding Letters of Credit or any unreimbursed drawing under any Letter of Credit, (iv) in the case of the Swing Line Lender, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Swing Line Loans (net of any participations therein by other Lenders) and (v) the aggregate amount of all participations therein by that Lender in any outstanding Swing Line Loans. 
 Revolving Facility means the Facility comprised of the Revolving Commitments, Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Revolving Lender means a Lender having a Revolving Commitment or other Revolving Exposure. 
 Revolving Loan Note means a promissory note in the form of Exhibit B-2 , as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Revolving Loans has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a) . 
 S P means Standard Poor s, a division of S P Global Inc., and any successor thereto. 
 Sale Leaseback Transaction means a sale leaseback transaction with respect to all or any portion of any real property owned by a Loan Party. 
 Same Day Funds means disbursements and payments in immediately available funds. 
 Sanctions means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States government (including OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or HMT. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Second Amendment means that certain Amendment No. 2 to this Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2021, among Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the 2021 Incremental Revolving Lenders and the 2021 Refinancing Revolving Lenders and the other parties party thereto. 
 Second Amendment Effective Date means June 4, 2021. 
 Second Amendment Operative Date has the meaning provided in the Second Amendment. 
 Second Lien Administrative Agent means the Administrative Agent under, and as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement, or any successor administrative agent under the Second Lien Credit Documents. 
 Second Lien Collateral Agent means the Collateral Agent under, and as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement, or any successor collateral agent under the Second Lien Credit Documents. 
 Second Lien Credit Agreement means the Second Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, the Second Lien Administrative Agent, as 

administrative agent thereunder, and the other agents and lenders party thereto as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, modified, supplemented, extended, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced from time to time in one or more agreements (in each case with the same or new lenders, institutional investors or agents), including any agreement extending the maturity thereof or otherwise restructuring all or any portion of the Indebtedness thereunder, in each case as and to the extent permitted by this Agreement and the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Second Lien Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness means Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement (as in effect on the Closing Date, as the same may be subsequently amended or restated, renewed, refunded, replaced or refinanced in accordance with the provisions hereof and the terms of the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement). 
 Second Lien Credit Documents means the Loan Documents as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement. 
 Second Lien Initial Term Loans means the Initial Term Loans (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement) borrowed by the Borrower on the Closing Date. The aggregate principal amount of Second Lien Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date is 225,000,000. 
 Second Lien Term Loans means the loans borrowed pursuant to the Second Lien Credit Documents, including the Second Lien Initial Term Loans. 
 Secured Hedge Agreement means any Hedge Agreement that is entered into by and between any Loan Party and any Hedge Bank and designated in writing by the Hedge Bank and the Borrower to the Administrative Agent as a Secured Hedge Agreement. 
 Secured Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Secured Net Debt outstanding as of the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower for such Test Period. 
 Secured Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, each Swingline Lender, each Issuing Bank, each Hedge Bank, each Cash Management Bank, the Supplemental Administrative Agent and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 10.05 and Section 10.12 . 
 Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Securitization Assets means the accounts receivable, royalty or other revenue streams, other rights to payment (including with respect to rights of payment pursuant to the terms of Joint Ventures) subject to a Qualified Securitization Financing and the proceeds thereof. 
 Securitization Fees means distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Securitization Subsidiary in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing. 
 Securitization Financing means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may sell, convey or otherwise transfer to (a) a Securitization Subsidiary (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) or (b) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Securitization Subsidiary), or may grant a security interest in, any Securitization Assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and any assets related thereto, including all collateral securing such Securitization Assets, all 

contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such Securitization Assets, proceeds of such Securitization Assets and other assets that are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving Securitization Assets. 
 Securitization Repurchase Obligation means any obligation of a seller or transferor of Securitization Assets in a Qualified Securitization Financing to repurchase Securitization Assets arising as a result of a breach of a Standard Securitization Undertaking, including as a result of a receivable or portion thereof becoming subject to any asserted defense, dispute, offset or counterclaim of any kind as a result of any action taken by, any failure to take action by or any other event relating to the seller. 
 Securitization Subsidiary means a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (or another Person formed for the purposes of engaging in a Qualified Securitization Financing in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower makes an Investment and to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower transfers Securitization Assets and related assets) that engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of Securitization Assets of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, all proceeds thereof and all rights (contingent and other), collateral and other assets relating thereto, and any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or such other Person (as provided below) as a Securitization Subsidiary, and 
 (a)	no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligation (contingent or otherwise) of which (i) is guaranteed by Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of, and interest on, Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings), (ii) is recourse to or obligates Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or (iii) subjects any property or asset of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, to the satisfaction thereof, other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings, 
 (b)	with which none of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, has any material contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding other than on terms which the Borrower reasonably believes to be no less favorable to Holdings, the Borrower or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Borrower, and 
 (c)	to which none of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, other than another Securitization Subsidiary, has any obligation to maintain or preserve such entity s financial condition or cause such entity to achieve certain levels of operating results. 
 (d)	Any such designation by the Board of Directors of the Borrower or such other Person shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a certified copy of the resolution of the Board of Directors of the Borrower or such other Person giving effect to such designation and a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing conditions. 
 Security Agreement means, collectively, the Security Agreement executed by the Loan Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit F , together with each Security Agreement Supplement executed and delivered pursuant to Section 6.11 . 

Security Agreement Supplement has the meaning specified in the Security Agreement. 
 Short Term Advances has the meaning specified in the definition of Indebtedness. 
 Similar Business means any business, the majority of whose revenues are derived from (i) business or activities conducted by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date, (ii) any business that is a natural outgrowth or reasonable extension, development or expansion of any such business or any business similar, reasonably related, incidental, complementary or ancillary to any of the foregoing or (iii) any business that in the Borrower s good faith business judgment constitutes a reasonable diversification of businesses conducted by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 SOFR means a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org (or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the administrator of the secured overnight financing rate from time to time). 
 SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR other than pursuant to clause (c)(ii) of the definition of Base Rate . 
 Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the assets of such Person, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries, exceeds its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, on a consolidated basis, (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of such Person, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries, is greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, on a consolidated basis, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured, (c) such Person, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries, is able to pay its debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, on a consolidated basis, as such liabilities become absolute and matured and (d) such Person, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries, is not engaged in, and is not about to engage in, business for which it has unreasonably small capital. The amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that would reasonably be expected to become an actual and matured liability. 
 SPC has the meaning specified in Section 11.07(g) . 
 Specified Dividend means the dividend to be made by the Borrower to Holdings and by Holdings to its shareholder within ten Business Days after the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount of 218,000,000. 
 Specified Equity Contribution has the meaning specified in Section 8.02 . 
 Specified Event of Default means an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.01(a) or an Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.01(f) with respect to the Borrower. 
 Specified Representations means those representations and warranties made by Holding and the Borrower in Sections 5.01(a) (with respect to organizational existence only), 5.01(b)(ii) , 5.02(a) , 5.02(b)(i) , 5.02(b)(iii) , 5.04 , 5.13 , 5.16 , 5.17 and 5.18 . 
 Specified Transaction means any Investment that results in a Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, any designation of a Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or an Unrestricted Subsidiary, any Permitted Acquisition, any Disposition that results in a Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Subsidiary of 

the Borrower, any Investment constituting an acquisition of assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of another Person or a facility or any Disposition of a business unit, line of business or division or a facility of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case whether by merger, consolidation, amalgamation or otherwise, or any incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility in the ordinary course of business for working capital purposes), Restricted Payment or Incremental Loan that by the terms of this Agreement requires such test to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis or after giving Pro Forma Effect. 
 Specified Transaction Adjustments has the meaning specified in Section 1.08(c) . 
 Sponsor means (a) any funds, limited partnerships or co-investment vehicles managed or advised by Leonard Green Partners, L.P. or any of its Affiliates or direct or indirect Subsidiaries (or jointly managed by any such Person or over which any such Person exercises governance rights) or (b) any investors in the Persons identified in clause (a) who are investors in such Persons as of the Closing Date, and from time to time, invest directly or indirectly in Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings (but excluding any portfolio companies of any of the foregoing). 
 Sponsor Management Agreement means the Management Services Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2014, by and among the Sponsor (or certain of the management companies associated with it or its advisors), and the Borrower, as the same may be amended, modified, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms, but only to the extent that any such amendment, modification, replacement, supplement or other modification does not, directly or indirectly, increase the obligation of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to make any payments thereunder. 
 Sponsor Termination Fees means the one-time payment under the Sponsor Management Agreement of a termination fee to one or more of the Sponsors in the event of either a Change of Control or the completion of a Qualifying IPO. 
 Standard Securitization Undertakings means representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities entered into by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower that are customary in a Securitization Financing. 
 Stated Amount means, with respect to any Letter of Credit at any time, the aggregate amount available to be drawn thereunder at such time (regardless of whether any conditions for drawing could then be met). 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the FRB to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate, for Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities in Regulation D of the FRB). Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D. Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which (a) the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power (other than Equity 

Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity are at the time owned by such Person or (b) more than 50.0 of the Equity Interests are at the time owned by such Person. Unless otherwise indicated in this Agreement, all references to Subsidiaries will mean Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor means any Guarantor other than Holdings. 
 Successor Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 7.04(e) . 
 Successor Holdings means any successor to Holdings pursuant to Section 7.04(a)(iii) , 7.04(h)(ii) or 7.13(b)(ii) , as applicable, together with such Person subsequent successors and assigns permitted hereunder. 
 Supplemental Administrative Agent and Supplemental Administrative Agents have the meanings specified in Section 10.12(a) . 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Hedge Agreements, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Hedge Agreements, (a) for any date on or after the date such Hedge Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Hedge Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Hedge Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 Swing Line Lender means Jefferies Finance, in its capacity as the Swing Line Lender hereunder, together with its permitted successors and assigns in such capacity. 
 Swing Line Loan means the swing line loan made by the Swing Line Lender to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03 . 
 Swing Line Loan Request means a Swing Line Loan Request substantially in the form of Exhibit A-4 , or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 Swing Line Note means a promissory note in the form of Exhibit B-3 , as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Swing Line Sublimit means the greater of (a) 10,000,000 and (b) such higher amount as the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may from time to time agree. 
 Taxes has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a) . 
 Term Loan means the term loans made by the Lenders on the Closing Date to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(a) and any Delayed Draw Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans and Refinancing Term Loans, to the extent not otherwise indicated and as the context may require. 
 Term Loan Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make a Term Loan to the Borrower hereunder (including any Initial Term Loan Commitment or Delayed Draw Commitment), 

expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Term Loans to be made by such Lender under this Agreement, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08 , (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (i) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, (ii) a Refinancing Amendment or (iii) an Extension and (c) increased from time to time pursuant to an Incremental Amendment. 
 Term Loan Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans of such Lender; provided , at any time prior to the making of the Term Loans, the Term Loan Exposure of any Lender shall be equal to such Lender s Term Loan Commitment, or, with regard to any Incremental Amendment at any time prior to the making of the applicable Incremental Term Loans thereunder, the Term Loan Exposure of any Lender with respect to such Incremental Term Facility shall be equal to such Lender s Incremental Term Loan Commitment thereunder. 
 Term Loan Lender means a Lender having a Term Loan Commitment or other Term Loan Exposure. 
 Term Loan Note means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Lender or its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto, evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Term Loans made by such Lender. 
 Term SOFR means, 
 (a)	for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however , that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and, if applicable, a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 (b)	for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , however , that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and, if applicable, a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate SOFR Determination Day; 

provided , further , that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or clause (b) above) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Termination Conditions means, collectively, (a) the payment in full in cash of the Obligations (other than (i) contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted, (ii) Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements as to which alternative arrangements acceptable to the Hedge Bank thereunder have been made and (iii) Cash Management Obligations) and (b) the termination of the Commitments and the termination or expiration of all Letters of Credit under this Agreement (unless backstopped or Cash Collateralized in an amount equal to 103 of the maximum drawable amount of any such Letter of Credit or otherwise in an amount and/or in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Banks). 
 Test Period in effect at any time means the most recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended on or prior to such time (taken as one accounting period) in respect of which financial statements for each quarter or fiscal year in such period are available (which may be internal financial statements except to the extent this Agreement otherwise expressly states that the Test Period is specified in a Compliance Certificate, in which case such financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) for the Test Period set forth in such Compliance Certificate). A Test Period may be designated by reference to the last day thereof i.e. , the March 31, 2019 Test Period refers to the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended on March 31, 2019), and a Test Period shall be deemed to end on the last day thereof. 
 Third Amendment means that certain Amendment No. 3 to this Agreement, dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date, among Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the 2021 Incremental Term Lenders. 
 Third Amendment Acquisition Agreement Representations means such of the representations and warranties made by or with respect to the Acquired Target in the Acquisition Agreement to the extent the breach of such representations and warranties is material to the interests of the Lenders (in their capacities as such), and that the Borrower or the Borrower s Affiliates have the right to terminate its or their obligations under the Acquisition Agreement or otherwise decline to close the Acquisition as a result of such breach or any such representations not being accurate. 
 Third Amendment Effective Date means December 8, 2021. 
 Third Amendment Funding Date has the meaning provided in the Third Amendment. 
 Threshold Amount means the greater of (a) 20 of Closing Date EBITDA and (b) 20 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA. 

Total Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Test Period, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Net Debt as of the last day of such Test Period to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower for such Test Period. 
 Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans other than Revolving Loans made for the purpose of repaying any Refunded Swing Line Loans or reimbursing the Issuing Banks for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, but not yet so applied, (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Swing Line Loans and (iii) the Letter of Credit Usage. 
 Traded Securities means any debt or equity securities issued pursuant to a public offering or Rule 144A offering. 
 Transaction Expenses means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transactions, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including any amortization thereof in any period, including any amortization thereof in any period. 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the funding of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date, (b) the funding of the Second Lien Term Loans on the Closing Date, (c) the repayment of the Existing Debt, (d) the making of the Specified Dividend and (e) the payment of the Transaction Expenses. 
 Transformative Acquisition means any acquisition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is either (a) not permitted by the terms of any Loan Document immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition or (b) if permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition, would not provide the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries with adequate flexibility under the Loan Documents for the continuation and/or expansion of their combined operations following such consummation, as reasonably determined by the Borrower acting in good faith. 
 TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA means, as of any date of determination, the Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower, determined on a Pro Forma Basis, for the four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended prior to such date for which financial statements are internally available. 
 Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or a SOFR Loan. 
 UBS has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
 Undisclosed Administration means, in relation to a Lender or its direct or indirect parent company, the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian, or other similar official by a supervisory authority or regulator under or based on the law in the country where such Lender or such parent company is subject to home jurisdiction supervision, if applicable law requires that such appointment not be disclosed. 
 Unfunded Advances/Participations means (a) with respect to the Administrative Agent, the aggregate amount, if any (i) made available to the Borrower on the assumption that each Lender has made available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent as contemplated by Sections 2.01(b)(ii) and 2.02(b)(ii) and (ii) with respect to which a corresponding amount shall not in fact have been returned to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower 

or made available to the Administrative Agent by any such Lender, (b) with respect to the Swing Line Lender, the aggregate amount, if any, of outstanding Swing Line Loans in respect of which any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.03(c) and (c) with respect to the Issuing Banks, the aggregate amount, if any, of amounts drawn under Letters of Credit in respect of which a Revolving Lender shall have failed to make amounts available to the applicable Issuing Banks pursuant to Section 2.04(c) . 
 Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender has the meaning specified in Section 2.06(b) . 
 Uniform Commercial Code means the Uniform Commercial Code or any successor provision thereof as the same may from time to time be in effect in the State of New York or the Uniform Commercial Code or any successor provision thereof (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply to any item or items of Collateral. 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means (a) each Securitization Subsidiary and (b) any Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.13 subsequent to the date hereof, in each case, until such Person ceases to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary of the Borrower in accordance with Section 6.13 or ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Lender has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e) . 
 USA PATRIOT Act means The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Public Law No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), as amended or modified from time to time. 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing: 
 (a)	the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment, by 
 (b)	the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; 
 provided that for purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of (i) any Refinanced Debt, (ii) any Indebtedness that is being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended, or (iii) any Term Loans for purposes of incurring any other Indebtedness (in any such case, the Applicable Indebtedness ), the effects of any amortization payments or other prepayments made on such Applicable Indebtedness (including the effect of any prepayment on remaining scheduled amortization) prior to the date of the applicable modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement, extension or incurrence shall be disregarded. 

wholly owned means, with respect to a Subsidiary of a Person, a Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other than (a) director s qualifying shares and (b) nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Law) are owned by such Person and/or by one or more wholly owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 
 Withdrawal Liability means the liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such term is defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Withholding Agent means the Borrower, any Guarantor or the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 SECTION 1.02	 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
 (a)	The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms. 
 (b)	(i) The words herein, hereto, hereof and hereunder and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. 
 (ii)	References in this Agreement to an Exhibit, Schedule, Article, Section, clause or sub-clause refer (A) to the appropriate Exhibit or Schedule to, or Article, Section, clause or sub-clause in this Agreement or (B) to the extent such references are not present in this Agreement, to the Loan Document in which such reference appears. 
 (iii)	The term including is by way of example and not limitation. 
 (iv)	The term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form. 
 (c)	In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through means to and including. 
 (d)	Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (e)	For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a Division ), if (a) any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

SECTION 1.03	 Accounting Terms; Accounting Periods; Unrestricted Subsidiaries; Determination of Fair Market Value . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. For purposes of calculating any consolidated amounts necessary to determine compliance by any Person and, if applicable, its Restricted Subsidiaries with any ratio or other financial covenant in this Agreement, Unrestricted Subsidiaries shall be excluded. Unless the context indicates otherwise, any reference to a fiscal year shall refer to a fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, and any reference to a fiscal quarter shall refer to a fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending March 31, June 30, September 30 or December 31. All determinations of fair market value under a Loan Document shall be made by the Borrower in good faith and, if such determination is consistent with a valuation or opinion of an Independent Financial Advisor, such determination shall be conclusive for all purposes under the Loan Documents or related to the Obligations. 
 SECTION 1.04	 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one decimal place more than the number of decimal places by which such ratio is expressed herein (the applicable decimal place and rounding the result up or down to the applicable decimal place. 
 SECTION 1.05	 References to Agreements, Laws, Etc. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Loan Document; and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law. 
 SECTION 1.06	 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to New York City time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 SECTION 1.07	 Available Amount Transactions . If more than one action occurs on any given date the permissibility of the taking of which is determined hereunder by reference to the amount of the Available Amount immediately prior to the taking of such action, the permissibility of the taking of each such action shall be determined independently, but in no event may any two or more such actions be treated as occurring simultaneously, i.e., each transaction must be permitted under the Available Amount as so calculated. 
 SECTION 1.08	 Pro Forma Calculations; Limited Condition Acquisitions; Basket and Ratio Compliance . 
 (a)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be calculated in the manner prescribed by this Section 1.08 ; provided , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary in clauses (b) , (c) or (d) of this Section 1.08 , when calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio for purposes of Section 2.07(b)(i) and the Asset Sale Prepayment Percentage, the events described in this Section 1.08 that occurred subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period shall not be given pro forma effect. 
 (b)	For purposes of calculating the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio, Specified Transactions (and the incurrence or repayment of any Indebtedness in connection therewith) that have been made (i) during the applicable 

Test Period or (ii) subsequent to such Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming that all such Specified Transactions (and any increase or decrease in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and the component financial definitions used therein attributable to any Specified Transaction) had occurred on the first day of the applicable Test Period. If since the beginning of any applicable Test Period any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged, amalgamated or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries since the beginning of such Test Period shall have made any Specified Transaction that would have required adjustment pursuant to this Section 1.08 , then the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be calculated to give pro forma effect thereto in accordance with this Section 1.08 . 
 (c)	Whenever pro forma effect is to be given to a Specified Transaction, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a Responsible Officer and may include, for the avoidance of doubt, the amount of cost savings, operating expense reductions and, synergies projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized as a result of specified actions taken, committed to be taken or expected to be taken (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies had been realized on the first day of such Test Period and as if such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies were realized during the entirety of such period) relating to such Specified Transaction, net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions (such cost savings and synergies, Specified Transaction Adjustments ); provided that (i) such Specified Transaction Adjustments are reasonably identifiable, quantifiable and factually supportable in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, (ii) such actions are taken, committed to be taken or expected to be taken no later than twenty-four months after the date of such Specified Transaction, and (iii) no amounts shall be added pursuant to this clause (c) to the extent duplicative of any amounts that are otherwise added back in calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, whether through a pro forma adjustment or otherwise, with respect to any Test Period. 
 (d)	In the event that the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs (including by assumption or guarantees) or repays (including by redemption, repayment, retirement or extinguishment) any Indebtedness included in the calculations of the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio, as the case may be (in each case, other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit facility in the ordinary course of business for working capital purposes), (i) during the applicable Test Period or (ii) subsequent to the end of the applicable Test Period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of any such ratio is made, then the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, to the extent required, as if the same had occurred on the last day of the applicable Test Period with respect to leverage ratios or the first day of such Test Period with respect to the Interest Coverage Ratio. 
 (e)	Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Loan Document to the contrary (i) the Borrower may rely on more than one basket or exception hereunder (including both ratio-based and non-ratio based baskets and exceptions, and including partial reliance on different baskets that, collectively, permit the entire proposed transaction) at the time of any proposed transaction, and the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, at any later time divide, classify or reclassify such transaction (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with the available baskets and exceptions hereunder at such later time provided that with respect to reclassification of Indebtedness and Liens, any such reclassification shall be subject to the parameters of Sections 7.01 and 7.03 , as applicable), (ii) unless the Borrower elects otherwise, if the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any transaction or series of such related transaction (A) incurs Indebtedness, creates Liens, makes Dispositions, makes Investments, designates any Subsidiary as restricted or unrestricted or repays any Indebtedness or takes any other action under or as 

permitted by a ratio-based basket and (B) incurs Indebtedness, creates Liens, makes Dispositions, makes Investments, designates any Subsidiary as restricted or unrestricted or repays any Indebtedness or takes any other action under a non-ratio-based basket (which shall occur within five Business Days of the events in clause (A) above), then the applicable ratio will be calculated with respect to any such action under the applicable ratio-based basket without regard to any such action under such non-ratio-based basket made in connection with such transaction or series of related transactions, (iii) if the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries enters into any revolving, delayed draw or other committed debt facility, the Borrower may elect to determine compliance of such debt facility (including the incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens from time to time in connection therewith) with this Agreement and each other Loan Document on the date commitments with respect thereto are first received, assuming the full amount of such facility is incurred (and any applicable Liens are granted) on such date, in lieu of determining such compliance on any subsequent date (including any date on which Indebtedness is incurred pursuant to such facility), and (iv) if the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs Indebtedness under a ratio-based basket, such ratio-based basket (together with any other ratio-based basket utilized in connection therewith, including in respect of other Indebtedness, Liens, Dispositions, Investments, restricted Payments or payments in respect of Junior Financing) will be calculated excluding the cash proceeds of such Indebtedness for netting purposes (i.e., such cash proceeds shall not reduce the Borrower s Consolidated Net Debt or Consolidated Secured Net Debt pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of such terms), provided that the actual application of such proceeds may reduce Indebtedness for purposes of determining compliance with any applicable ratio. For example, if the Borrower incurs Indebtedness under the Fixed Incremental Amount on the same date that it incurs Indebtedness under the Ratio Amount, then the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio and any other applicable ratio will be calculated with respect to such incurrence under the Ratio Amount without regard to any incurrence of Indebtedness under the Fixed Incremental Amount. Unless the Borrower elects otherwise, each Incremental Facility (or Incremental Equivalent Debt) shall be deemed incurred first under the Ratio Amount to the extent permitted (and calculated prior to giving effect to any substantially simultaneous incurrence of any Indebtedness based on a basket or exception that is not based on a financial ratio, including under the Revolving Facility and/or the Fixed Incremental Amount), with any balance incurred under the Fixed Incremental Amount. For purposes of determining compliance with Section 2.16 , in the event that any Incremental Facility or Incremental Equivalent Debt (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of Ratio Amount or Fixed Incremental Amount, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, at the time of incurrence, divide, classify or reclassify, or at any later time divide, classify or reclassify, such Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with Section 2.16 on the date of such classification or any such reclassification, as applicable. 
 (f)	Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any Loan Document to the contrary, when (i) calculating any applicable ratio in connection with the incurrence of Indebtedness, the creation of Liens, the making of any Disposition, the making of an Investment, the making of a Restricted Payment, the designation of a Subsidiary as restricted or unrestricted, the repayment of Indebtedness or for any other purpose, (ii) determining the accuracy of any representation or warranty, (iii) determining whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred, is continuing or would result from any action, or (iv) determining compliance with any other condition precedent to any action or transaction, in each case of clauses (i) through (iv) in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, the date of determination of such ratio, the accuracy of such representation or warranty (but taking into account any earlier date specified therein), whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred, is continuing or would result therefrom, or the satisfaction of any other condition precedent shall, at the option of the Borrower (the Borrower s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Acquisition, an LCA Election ), be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Acquisition are entered into (the LCA Test Date ). If on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such Limited Condition Acquisition and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) such ratios, representations and warranties, absence of defaults, satisfaction of conditions precedent and other provisions are calculated as if such Limited 

Condition Acquisition or other transactions had occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCA Test Date for which financial statements are available, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCA Test Date in compliance with the applicable ratios or other provisions, such provisions shall be deemed to have been complied with, unless a Specified Event of Default shall be continuing on the date such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if any of such ratios, representations and warranties, absence of defaults, satisfaction of conditions precedent or other provisions are exceeded or breached as a result of fluctuations in such ratio (including due to fluctuations in Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA), a change in facts and circumstances or other provisions at or prior to the consummation of the relevant Limited Condition Acquisition, such ratios, representations and warranties, absence of defaults, satisfaction of conditions precedent and other provisions will not be deemed to have been exceeded, breached, or otherwise failed as a result of such fluctuations or changed circumstances solely for purposes of determining whether the Limited Condition Acquisition and any related transactions is permitted hereunder and (ii) such ratios and compliance with such conditions shall not be tested at the time of consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition or related Specified Transactions. If the Borrower has made an LCA Election for any Limited Condition Acquisition, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio or basket availability with respect to any other Specified Transaction or otherwise on or following the relevant LCA Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition, any such ratio or basket shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. For purposes of any calculation pursuant to this clause (f) of the Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Interest Expense may be calculated using an assumed interest rate for the Indebtedness to be incurred in connection with such Limited Condition Acquisition based on the indicative interest margin contained in any financing commitment documentation with respect to such Indebtedness or, if no such indicative interest margin exists, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
 (g)	For purposes of calculating the Ratio Amount, Permitted Ratio Debt and Section 7.01(i) (including for purposes of Section 7.03(l)(ii)) , the phrase immediately prior to such incurrence shall be construed to apply only if, at the time of such determination, on a Pro Forma Basis for such incurrence of Indebtedness and/or Liens (and for any related Permitted Investment, if applicable), (w) the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio would be greater than the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, (x) the Secured Net Leverage Ratio would be greater than the Closing Date Secured Net Leverage Ratio, (y) the Total Net Leverage Ratio would be greater than the Closing Date Total Net Leverage Ratio or (z) the Interest Coverage Ratio would be less than 2.00 to 1.00, as applicable. 
 (h)	For purposes of determining the maturity date of any Indebtedness, customary bridge loans that are subject to customary conditions (including no payment or bankruptcy event of default) that would either automatically be extended as, converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent refinancing shall be deemed to have the maturity date as so extended, converted or exchanged. 
 SECTION 1.09	 Currency Equivalents Generally . 
 (a)	For purposes of determining compliance with Sections 7.01 , 7.02 and 7.03 with respect to any amount of Lien, Indebtedness or Investment in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of currency exchange occurring after the time such Lien, Indebtedness or Investment is incurred (so long as such Indebtedness or Investment, at the time incurred, made or acquired, was permitted hereunder). 

(b)	For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, where the permissibility of a transaction or determinations of required actions or circumstances depend upon compliance with, or are determined by reference to, amounts stated in Dollars, any requisite currency translation (i) with respect to Loans or Commitments, shall be based on the Exchange Rate and (ii) with respect to any other amounts, shall be based on the rate of exchange between the applicable currency and Dollars as reasonably determined by the Borrower, in each case in effect on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of such transaction or determination (subject to clauses (c) and (d) below) and shall not be affected by subsequent fluctuations in exchange rates. 
 (c)	For purposes of determining compliance with any Dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the Exchange Rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit debt (or, in the case of an LCA Election, on the date of the applicable LCA Test Date); provided that, if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the Exchange Rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such Indebtedness so refinanced does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the principal amount of any Indebtedness incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the Exchange Rate that is in effect on the date of such refinancing. 
 (d)	For purposes of determining the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, the Secured Net Leverage Ratio, the Total Net Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio, including Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA when calculating such ratios, all amounts denominated in a currency other than Dollars will be converted to Dollars for any purpose (including testing the any financial maintenance covenant) at the effective rate of exchange in respect thereof reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the applicable Test Period for which such measurement is being made, and will reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with GAAP, of Hedge Agreements permitted hereunder for currency exchange risks with respect to the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination of the Dollar equivalent of such Indebtedness. 
 SECTION 1.10	 Amendment and Restatement . Each of the parties hereto agrees as follows 
 (a)	this Agreement shall not constitute a novation of (x) the obligations and liabilities of the parties under the Existing Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents as in effect prior to the Closing Date and that remain outstanding as of the Closing Date and (y) the Existing Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents as in effect prior to the Closing Date; 
 (b)	this Agreement (including all Exhibits and Schedules) shall amend, restate and replace in its entirety the Existing Credit Agreement (including all exhibits and schedules attached thereto) on the Closing Date and the Existing Credit Agreement (including all exhibits and schedules attached thereto) shall thereafter be of no further force and effect, except to evidence (i) the incurrence by the Borrower of the Obligations (under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), whether or not such Obligations are contingent as of the Closing Date and (ii) the representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties prior to the Closing Date (which representations and warranties shall not be superseded or rendered ineffective by this Agreement as they pertain to the period prior to the Closing Date); 
 (c)	from and after the Closing Date, all references to the Credit Agreement contained in the Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement and all references to any Article or 

Section (or subsection) of this Agreement in any other Loan Document shall be amended to become references to the corresponding provisions of this Agreement; 
 (d)	all Obligations (as such Obligations may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified by this Agreement on the Closing Date) and the Guarantee of the Obligations shall continue to be valid, enforceable and in full force and effect and not be impaired, in any respect, by the effectiveness of this Agreement; 
 (e)	the Liens and security interests as granted under the applicable Loan Documents securing payment of the Obligations are in all respects continuing, unaltered and in full force, and effect and with the same priority to secure such Obligations, whether heretofore or hereafter incurred, and are reaffirmed hereby; 
 (f)	this amendment and restatement shall be limited as written and not be a consent to any other amendment, restatement, supplement, waiver or other modification, whether or not similar and, except as expressly provided herein or in any other Loan Document, all terms and conditions of the Loan Documents remain in full force and effect unless otherwise specifically amended hereby. 
 ARTICLE II The Commitments and Borrowings 
 SECTION 2.01	 Term Loans . 
 (a)	 Term Loan Commitments . Subject only to the conditions set forth in Section 4.01 , each Lender with an Initial Term Loan Commitment severally agrees to make to the Borrower on the Closing Date a term loan denominated in Dollars equal to such Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment (the Initial Term Loans provided that any Delayed Draw Term Loans that are funded hereunder shall also be deemed to constitute Initial Term Loans following such funding). Initial Term Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as further provided herein. At any time and from time to time during the Delayed Draw Commitment Period, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 4.03 hereof, each Lender with a Delayed Draw Commitment severally agrees to make to the Borrower on the applicable Delayed Draw Closing Date a Term Loan denominated in Dollars in an aggregate amount requested by the Borrower but not exceeding such Lender s unfunded Delayed Draw Commitment as of such date immediately prior to giving effect to such Borrowing (the Delayed Draw Term Loans ); provided that the aggregate principal amount of all such Borrowings of Delayed Draw Term Loans shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Commitments as of the Closing Date. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans may be Base Rate Loans (in the case of Term Loans denominated in Dollars) or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as further provided herein; provided that Delayed Draw Term Loans will initially be of the same Type and will have the same Interest Period as the Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Borrowing of such Delayed Draw Term Loans. To the extent practicable, the Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans will be treated as the same Class (i.e., fungible and will have the same CUSIP. 
 (b)	 Borrowing Mechanics for Term Loans . 
 (i)	Subject to Sections 4.01(a)(i) , 4.02(c) , 4.03(c) and 2.16(a) , each Borrowing of Term Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may only be given in writing. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than, (x) in respect of Delayed Draw Term Loans, 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) three Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing and (y) in respect of all other Term Loans, (A) 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any 

Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (B) 12:00 noon (New York City time) one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans; provided , that such notices may be conditioned on the occurrence of the Closing Date or, with respect to Delayed Draw Term Loans or Incremental Term Loans, may be conditioned on the occurrence of any transaction anticipated to occur in connection with such Delayed Draw Term Loans or Incremental Term Loans. 
 (ii)	Each notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.01(b) must be delivered to the Administrative Agent in the form of a Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. The Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be available in Borrowings of not less than 5,000,000 or, if less, the unfunded Delayed Draw Commitments then outstanding. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (A) that the Borrower is requesting a Term Loan Borrowing, (B) the requested date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (C) the Type of Term Loans to be borrowed, (D) the principal amount of Term Loans to be borrowed and (E) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Term Loan in a Committed Loan Notice, then (1) in the case of Term Loans denominated in Dollars, the applicable Term Loans shall be made as Base Rate Loans and (2) in the case of Term Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, the applicable Term Loans shall be made as Eurocurrency Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one month; provided that Delayed Draw Term Loans will initially be of the same Type and will have the same Interest Period as the Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Borrowing of such Delayed Draw Term Loans. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, for such Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the Borrower will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month (other than with respect to a Delayed Draw Term Loan). 
 (iii)	Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time; provided that the total number of Interest Periods for Eurocurrency Rate Loans outstanding under this Agreement at any time shall comply with Section 2.10(g) . 
 (iv)	Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Pro Rata Share of the applicable tranche of Term Loans. In the case of each Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Term Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time), on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions to such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (A) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the Administrative Agent with the amount of such funds or (B) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. 
 (v)	The failure of any Lender to make the Term Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Term Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Term Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.02	 Revolving Loans . 
 (a)	 Revolving Loan Commitment . During the Revolving Commitment Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender severally agrees to make revolving loans to the Borrower from time to 

time on any Business Day in Dollars and/or any Alternative Currency Revolving Loans in an aggregate amount (expressed in the Dollar Amount thereof in the case of an Alternative Currency) up to but not exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment; provided , that after giving effect to the making of any Revolving Loans in no event shall the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments exceed the Revolving Commitments then in effect. Amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) may be repaid and reborrowed during the Revolving Commitment Period. Each Lender s Revolving Commitment shall expire on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, and all Revolving Loans and all other amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Revolving Loans and the Revolving Commitments shall be paid in full no later than such date. 
 (b)	 Borrowing Mechanics for Revolving Loans . 
 (i)	Subject to Section 4.01(a)(i) in the case of Borrowings of Revolving Loans on the Closing Date only and Section 4.02(c) in the case of each other Borrowing of Revolving Loans, each Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may only be given in writing (each request for a Swing Line Loan Borrowing shall be made in accordance with Section 2.03 ). Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (A) 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, and (B) 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans (in the case of Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars only). Each notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.02(b) must be delivered to the Administrative Agent in the form of a Committed Loan Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of (A) 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, and (B) a Dollar Amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency. Each Borrowing of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (1) the requested date of the Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (2) the principal amount of Revolving Loans to be borrowed, (3) the Type of Revolving Loans to be borrowed and (4) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. Each Swing Line Loan shall be denominated in Dollars and constitute a Base Rate Loan. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Revolving Loan in a Committed Loan Notice, then (x) in the case of Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars, the applicable Revolving Loans shall be made as Base Rate Loans and (y) in the case of Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, the applicable Revolving Loans shall be made as Eurocurrency Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one month. If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, the Borrower will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 
 (ii)	Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Pro Rata Share of the applicable Revolving Loans. In the case of each Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Revolving Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time), on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (or if such Borrowing is on the Closing Date, Section 4.01 or, if such Borrowing is of Delayed Draw Term Loans on a Delayed Draw Closing Date, Section 4.03 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (A) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of the 

Administrative Agent with the amount of such funds or (B) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower; provided , however , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing is given by the Borrower, there are Swing Line Loans outstanding or Reimbursement Obligations outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing shall be applied, first , to the payment in full of any such Reimbursement Obligations, second , to the payment in full of any such Swing Line Loans and third , to the Borrower as provided above. 
 (iii)	The failure of any Lender to make the Revolving Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Revolving Loan on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Revolving Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing. 
 SECTION 2.03	 Swing Line Loans . 
 (a)	 Swing Line Loan . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender, in reliance on the agreements of the Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , agrees to make Swing Line Loans in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Revolving Commitment Period, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit; provided that, after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments shall not exceed the Revolving Commitments, (ii) the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments of any Revolving Lender, shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment and (iii) the aggregate principal amount outstanding of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed the Swing Line Sublimit; provided , further , that the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to make a Swing Line Loan to refinance an outstanding Swing Line Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swing Line Loans. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan by the Swing Line Lender, each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swing Line Lender a participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 
 (b)	 Borrowing Mechanics for Swing Line Loans . Each Swing Line Loan Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent. Each such notice may be given by: (A) telephone, or (B) a Swing Line Loan Request; provided that any telephonic notice by the Borrower must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Request. Each such Swing Line Loan Request must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date of the requested Swing Line Loan Borrowing, and such notice shall specify (i) the Borrower to be credited (or, if none is specified, the notice shall be deemed to be made on behalf of the Borrower), (ii) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be in a minimum of 100,000 or a whole multiple of 25,000 in excess thereof, and (iii) the date of such Swing Line Loan Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day). Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of such notice, the Swing Line Lender will confirm with the Administrative Agent that the Administrative Agent has also received such notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent of the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of the Required Revolving Lenders) prior to 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such requested borrowing date (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first sentence of Section 2.03(a) or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender shall make each Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower, by wire transfer thereof in accordance with instructions 

provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Swing Line Lender, not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the requested date of such Swing Line Loan (which instructions may include standing payment instructions, which may be updated from time to time by the Borrower, provided that, unless the Swing Line Lender shall otherwise agree, any such update shall not take effect until the Business Day immediately following the date on which such update is provided to the Swing Line Lender). 
 (c)	 Refinancing of Swing Line Loans . 
 (i)	The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Revolving Lender make a Revolving Loan that is a Base Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the amount of Swing Line Loans made by then Swing Line Lender then outstanding (the Refunded Swing Line Loans ). Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance (including with respect to prior notice requirements) with the requirements of Section 2.02(b) , without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein, but subject to the aggregate unused Revolving Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of such Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Revolving Lender shall make an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan) for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.03(c)(ii) , each Revolving Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Revolving Loan that is a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount. 
 (ii)	If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a Revolving Loan Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03(c)(i) , the request for Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that each of the Revolving Lenders fund its participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Revolving Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swing Line Loan funded pursuant to this clause (ii), and thereafter payments in respect of such Swing Line Loan (to the extent of such funded participations) shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders and not to the Swing Line Lender. 
 (iii)	If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(c) by the time specified in Section 2.03(c)(i), the Swing Line Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent) shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Lender, on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect and a rate determined by the Swing Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any reasonable administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Revolving Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan included in the relevant Revolving Loan Borrowing or 

funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted (through the Administrative Agent) to any Revolving Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (iv)	Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans or to purchase and fund participations in Swing Line Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided that each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 ; provided, further, that for the avoidance of doubt, the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 shall not apply to the purchase or funding of participations pursuant to this Section 2.03(e) . No such funding of participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (d)	 Repayment of Participations . 
 (i)	At any time after any Revolving Lender has purchased and funded a participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will promptly remit such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of such payment to the Administrative Agent (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Revolving Lender s participation was funded) in like funds as received by the Swing Line Lender, and any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent will be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have funded their participations pursuant to Section 2.03(c)(ii) to the extent of their interests therein. 
 (ii)	If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its reasonable discretion), each Revolving Lender shall pay to such Swing Line Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Revolving Lenders under this clause (ii) shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e)	 Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender . The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing Line Loans made by the Swing Line Lender. Until each Revolving Lender funds its Revolving Loan that is a Base Rate Loan or participation pursuant to this Section 2.03 to refinance such Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Swing Line Loan made by the Swing Line Lender, interest in respect of such Lender s share thereof shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 
 (f)	 Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 

SECTION 2.04	 Issuance of Letters of Credit and Purchase of Participations Therein . 
 (a)	 Letter of Credit Commitment . 
 (i)	Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each Issuing Bank agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04 , (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the Revolving Commitment Period on or prior to the fifth Business Day prior to the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, to issue Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower, subject to satisfactory receipt of such information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in order to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, or a Restricted Subsidiary provided that any Letter of Credit issued for the benefit of any Restricted Subsidiary shall be issued for the account of the Borrower but such Letter of Credit shall indicate that it is being issued for the benefit of such Restricted Subsidiary) and to amend, renew or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.04(b) and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Revolving Lenders severally agree to participate in such Letters of Credit and any drawings thereunder; provided that the Issuing Banks shall not be obligated to make any Letter of Credit Extension if, as of the date of such Letter of Credit Extension, (1) the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments would exceed the Revolving Commitments, (2) the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments of any Revolving Lender, would exceed such Lender s Revolving Commitment, (3) the Letter of Credit Usage would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (4) the Letter of Credit Usage with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed the amount of such Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Percentage of the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. 
 (ii)	An Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 
 (A)	any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it (for which such Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder); 
 (B)	the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally; 
 (C)	except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such Issuing Bank, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 10,000; 

(D)	such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars provided that, solely to the extent approved by the applicable Issuing Bank, Letters of Credit may be made by such Issuing Bank in an Alternative Currency; provided further that Jefferies Finance shall only be required to issue Letters of Credit in Dollars); 
 (E)	such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder; and 
 (F)	any Revolving Lender is at such time a Defaulting Lender, unless such Issuing Bank has entered into arrangements, including reallocation of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations pursuant to Section 2.19(a)(iii) or the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to such Issuing Bank (in its sole discretion) with the Borrower or such Lender to eliminate such Issuing Bank s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iii) with respect to such Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or such Letter of Credit and all other Letter of Credit Obligations as to which such Issuing Bank has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion. 
 (iii)	No Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to amend or extend any Letter of Credit if (A) such Issuing Bank would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment thereto. 
 (iv)	Unless Cash Collateralized or backstopped pursuant to arrangements reasonably acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank, each standby Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (A) the date twelve months after the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit, twelve months after the then current expiration date of such Letter of Credit) and (B) the Letter of Credit Expiration Date (unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Banks have been entered into). 
 (b)	 Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto Renewal Letters of Credit . 
 (i)	Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the applicable Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) at least five Business Days (or such shorter period as the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the currency in which the requested Letter of Credit will be denominated (which must be Dollars or, if approved by such Issuing Bank, an Alternative Currency) and (H) such other matters as the applicable Issuing Bank may reasonably request. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof 

(which shall be a Business Day); and (3) the nature of the proposed amendment. Additionally, the Borrower shall furnish to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Letter of Credit Documents, as the applicable Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent may reasonably require. 
 (ii)	Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the applicable Issuing Bank will confirm with the Administrative Agent that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, the applicable Issuing Bank will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Upon receipt by the applicable Issuing Bank of confirmation from the Administrative Agent that the requested issuance or amendment is permitted in accordance with the terms hereof, then, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, such Issuing Bank shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be. Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the applicable Issuing Bank a participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the amount of such Letter of Credit. 
 (iii)	If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application for a standby Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its reasonable discretion, agree to issue a standby Letter of Credit that has automatic renewal provisions (each, an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit ); provided that any such Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit shall permit such Issuing Bank to prevent any such renewal at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Nonrenewal Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to such Issuing Bank for any such renewal. Once an Auto-Renewal Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable Issuing Bank to permit the renewal of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; provided , however , that no Issuing Bank shall (A) permit any such renewal if (1) such Issuing Bank has determined that it would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its renewed form under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of Section 2.04(a) or otherwise) or (2) it has received written notice on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Nonrenewal Notice Date from the Administrative Agent that the Required Revolving Lenders have elected not to permit such renewal or (B) be obligated to permit such renewal if it has received written notice on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Nonrenewal Notice Date from the Administrative Agent, any Revolving Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the applicable Issuing Bank not to permit such renewal. 
 (iv)	Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable Issuing Bank will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
 (c)	 Drawings and Reimbursement; Funding of Participations . 
 (i)	Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower and the 

Administrative Agent thereof, and such Issuing Bank shall, within a reasonable time following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. If an Issuing Bank notifies the Borrower of any payment by such Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit, then the Borrower shall reimburse such Issuing Bank in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time, in the case of drawings in Dollars, or London time, in the case of drawings in an Alternative Currency) on the next succeeding Business Day. If the Borrower fails to so reimburse such Issuing Bank by such time, such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such failure and the Administrative Agent shall promptly thereafter notify each Revolving Lender of such payment date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (expressed in the Dollar Amount thereof in the case of an Alternative Currency) (the Reimbursement Obligations and the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof. In such event, (x) the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Loan Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on such date in an amount equal to such Reimbursement Obligation, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02(b) for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans and (y) in the case of Reimbursement Obligations denominated in an Alternative Currency (but expressed in its Dollar Amount), the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested on behalf of the applicable Revolving Lender a Revolving Loan Borrowing of (i) prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, Eurocurrency Rate Loans in Dollars and (ii) on and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars, in each case, to be disbursed on such date in an amount equal to (A) the Dollar Amount of such Reimbursement Obligation, plus (B) in the case of any Reimbursement Obligation denominated in any Alternative Currency (but expressed in its Dollar Amount), an additional amount equal to the amount required to convert Dollars into the currency of the unreimbursed drawing, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02(b) for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the aggregate unused Revolving Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by an Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this clause (i) shall be given in writing. 
 (ii)	Each Revolving Lender (including each Revolving Lender acting as an Issuing Bank) shall upon any notice pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, in Dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency, at the Administrative Agent s Office in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the relevant Reimbursement Obligation not later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of Section 2.04(c)(iii) , each Revolving Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Revolving Loan that is (A) in the case of a Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars, a Base Rate Loan and (B) in the case of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan in such Alternative Currency with an Interest Period of one month, in each case to the Borrower in such amount plus , in the case of any Reimbursement Obligation denominated in any Alternative Currency (but expressed in its Dollar Amount), an additional amount equal to the amount required to convert Dollars into the currency of the unreimbursed drawing. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the applicable Issuing Bank in accordance with the instructions provided to the Administrative Agent by such Issuing Bank (which instructions may include standing payment instructions, which may be updated from time to time by such Issuing Bank, provided that, unless the Administrative Agent shall otherwise agree, any such update shall not take effect until the Business Day immediately following the date on which such update is provided to the Administrative Agent). 

(iii)	With respect to any Reimbursement Obligation that is not fully refinanced by a Revolving Loan Borrowing of Base Rate Loans for Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or Eurocurrency Rate Loans for Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, as the case may be, because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the applicable Issuing Bank a Letter of Credit Borrowing in the amount of the Reimbursement Obligation that is not so refinanced plus , in the case of any Reimbursement Obligation denominated in an Alternative Currency (but expressed in its Dollar Amount), an additional amount equal to the amount required to convert Dollars into the currency of the unreimbursed drawing, which Letter of Credit Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans. In such event, each Revolving Lender s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such Letter of Credit Borrowing and shall constitute a Letter of Credit Advance from such Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section. 
 (iv)	Until each Revolving Lender funds its Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit Advance to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such amount shall be solely for the account of such Issuing Bank. 
 (v)	Each Revolving Lender s obligations to make Revolving Loans or Letter of Credit Advances to reimburse an Issuing Bank for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit, as contemplated by this Section 2.04(c) , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against such Issuing Bank, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default; or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing; provided that each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans pursuant to this paragraph (c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 . No such funding of a participation in any Letter of Credit shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse an Issuing Bank for the amount of any payment made by such Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit, together with interest as provided herein. 
 (vi)	If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(ii) , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, such Issuing Bank shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such Issuing Bank at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect and a rate determined by such Issuing Bank in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any reasonable administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by such Issuing Bank in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or Letter of Credit Advance in respect of the relevant Letter of Credit Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of the applicable Issuing Bank submitted to any Revolving Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(d)	 Repayment of Participations . 
 (i)	If, at any time after the applicable Issuing Bank has made payment in respect of any drawing under any Letter of Credit issued by it and has received from any Revolving Lender its Letter of Credit Advance in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 2.04(c) , if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such Issuing Bank any payment in respect of the related Reimbursement Obligation or, in the case of any Reimbursement Obligation denominated in any Alternative Currency (but expressed in its Dollar Amount), an additional amount equal to the amount required to convert Dollars into the currency of the unreimbursed drawing or, in each case, interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s Letter of Credit Advance was outstanding) in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii)	If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) is required to be returned under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Issuing Bank in its discretion), each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Issuing Bank its Pro Rata Share thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Revolving Lenders under this clause (ii) shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 (e)	 Obligations Absolute . The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the Issuing Banks for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each Letter of Credit Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: 
 (i)	any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit or any term or provision thereof, any Loan Document, or any other agreement or instrument relating thereto; 
 (ii)	the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the Issuing Banks or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 
 (iii)	any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 
 (iv)	any payment by an Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit against presentation of documents that do not comply strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by an Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor in possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; 

(v)	any exchange, release or non-perfection of any collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any guarantee, for all or any of the Obligations of the Borrower in respect of such Letter of Credit; or 
 (vi)	any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower. 
 The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly notify the applicable Issuing Bank. The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against any Issuing Bank and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
 (f)	 Role of Issuing Banks . Each Revolving Lender and the Borrower agrees that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Banks shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by such Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any document. None of any Issuing Bank, any Agent Affiliate nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of any Issuing Bank shall be liable to any Revolving Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the requisite Revolving Lenders; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Application. The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts of omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower from pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the Issuing Banks, any Agent Affiliate nor any of the respective correspondents, participants or assignees of the Issuing Banks shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in Section 2.04(e) ; provided that, notwithstanding anything in such clauses to the contrary, the Borrower may have a claim against an Issuing Bank, and an Issuing Bank may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct (as opposed to indirect, special, punitive, consequential or exemplary) damages suffered by the Borrower which a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final non-appealable judgment were caused by such Issuing Bank s gross negligence or willful misconduct or such Issuing Bank s willful or grossly negligent failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a document(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the applicable Issuing Bank may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and the Issuing Banks shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. The Issuing Banks may send a Letter of Credit or conduct any communication to or from the beneficiary via the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) message or overnight courier, or any other commercially reasonable means of communication with a beneficiary. 
 (g)	 Applicability of ISP . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank and the Borrower when a standby Letter of Credit is issued, the rules of the International Standby Practices 1998 published by the Institute of International Banking Law Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance) shall apply to such standby Letter of Credit. 

(h)	 Conflict with Letter of Credit Application . In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any Letter of Credit Application, the terms hereof shall control. 
 (i)	 Reporting . Each day (or at such other intervals as the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank shall agree), the applicable Issuing Bank shall provide to the Administrative Agent a schedule of the Letters of Credit issued by it, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, showing the date of issuance of each Letter of Credit, the account party, the original face amount (if any), the expiration date, and the reference number of any Letter of Credit outstanding at any time during such month, and showing the aggregate amount (if any) payable by the Borrower to such Issuing Bank during such month. 
 (j)	 [Reserved]. 
 (k)	 Resignation and Removal of an Issuing Bank . Any Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank upon sixty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower. Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank being replaced provided that no consent will be required if the Issuing Bank being replaced has no Letters of Credit or Reimbursement Obligations with respect thereto outstanding) and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement or resignation shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank. From and after the effective date of any such replacement or resignation, (i) any successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement or resignation of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced or resigning Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto to the extent that Letters of Credit issued by it remain outstanding and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement or resignation, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (l)	 Cash Collateral Account . At any time and from time to time (i) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent, at the direction or with the consent of the Required Lenders, may require the Borrower, to deliver to the Administrative Agent such amount of cash as is equal to 103 of the aggregate Stated Amount of all Letters of Credit at any time outstanding (whether or not any beneficiary under any Letter of Credit shall have drawn or be entitled at such time to draw thereunder) and (ii) in the event of a prepayment under Section 2.07(b)(iv) or to the extent any amount of a required prepayment under any of Sections 2.07(b)(i) through 2.07(b)(iii) remains after prepayment of all outstanding Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations and termination of the Commitments, as contemplated by Section 2.07(d) , the Administrative Agent will retain such amount as may then be required to be retained, such amounts in each case under clauses (i) and (ii) above to be held by the Administrative Agent in a Cash Collateral Account. The Borrower hereby grants (or, if registration thereof is required in any applicable jurisdiction, shall grant) to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Banks and the Lenders, a Lien upon and security interest in the Cash Collateral Account and all amounts held therein from time to time as security for Letter of Credit Usage, and for application to the Borrower s Letter of Credit Obligations as and when the same shall arise. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest on the investment of such amounts in Cash Equivalents, which investments shall be made at the direction of the Borrower (unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in which case the determination as to investments shall be made at the option and in the discretion of the Administrative Agent), amounts in the Cash Collateral Account shall not bear interest. Interest and profits, if any, on such 

investments shall accumulate in such account. In the event of a drawing, and subsequent payment by the applicable Issuing Bank, under any Letter of Credit at any time during which any amounts are held in the Cash Collateral Account, the Administrative Agent will deliver to such Issuing Bank an amount equal to the Reimbursement Obligation created as a result of such payment (or, if the amounts so held are less than such Reimbursement Obligation, all of such amounts) to reimburse such Issuing Bank therefor. Any amounts remaining in the Cash Collateral Account after the expiration of all Letters of Credit and reimbursement in full of each Issuing Bank for all of its obligations thereunder shall be held by the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Borrower, to be applied against the Obligations in such order and manner as the Administrative Agent may direct. If the Borrower is required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.04(l) , such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower on demand, provided that after giving effect to such return (A) the sum of (1) the aggregate principal dollar amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding at such time and (2) the aggregate Letter of Credit Usage at such time would not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time and (B) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at such time. If the Borrower is required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to Sections 2.07(b)(i) through 2.07(b)(ii) , as contemplated by Section 2.07(d) , such amount shall be returned to the Borrower on demand; provided that, after giving effect to such return, all outstanding Letters of Credit shall have expired and each Issuing Bank shall have been reimbursed in full for all of its obligations thereunder. If the Borrower is required to provide Cash Collateral as a result of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 (m)	 Addition of an Issuing Bank . One or more Revolving Lenders (other than a Defaulting Lender) selected by the Borrower that agrees to act in such capacity and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent may become an additional Issuing Bank hereunder pursuant to a written agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Revolving Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such additional Issuing Bank. 
 SECTION 2.05	 Conversion/Continuation . 
 (a)	 Each conversion of Loans from one Type to another, and each continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may only be given in writing; provided that Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency may not be converted into Base Rate Loans or SOFR Loans. Each such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the requested date of any conversion of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans and not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, or London time, in the case of Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency) three Business Days prior to the requested date of continuation of any Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans or any conversion of Base Rate Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans. Each notice by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.05(a) must be delivered to the Administrative Agent in the form of a Conversion/Continuation Notice, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Each conversion to or continuation of SOFR Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each conversion of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be in a Dollar Amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of a Dollar Amount of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Conversion/Continuation Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, (ii) the requested date of the conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which 

shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be converted or continued, (iv) the Class of Loans to be converted or continued, (v) the Type of Loans to which such existing Loans are to be converted, if applicable, and (vi) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If (x) with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans denominated in Dollars, the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be converted to Base Rate Loans and (y) with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable tranche of Loans shall be converted to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan with an Interest Period of one month. Any such automatic conversion or continuation pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans. If the Borrower requests a conversion to, or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, in any such Conversion/Continuation Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 
 (b)	 Following receipt of a Conversion/Continuation Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each applicable Lender of its Pro Rata Share of the applicable Class of Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Loans described in Section 2.05(a) . 
 (c)	 Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan, as applicable. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may require by notice to the Borrower that no Loans denominated in Dollars may be converted to or continued as (i) prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, Eurocurrency Rate Loans or (ii) on and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, SOFR Loans. This Section shall not apply to Swing Line Loans, which may not be converted or continued. 
 SECTION 2.06	 Availability . (a) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such Pro Rata Share available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If the Administrative Agent shall have so made funds available, then, to the extent that such Lender shall not have made such portion available to the Administrative Agent, each of such Lender and the Borrower severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at (a) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to the applicable Loans comprising such Borrowing and (b) in the case of such Lender, the Overnight Rate plus any administrative, processing, or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the foregoing. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.06(a) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s applicable Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 

(b)	Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender holding Delayed Draw Commitments prior to the date of any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such Pro Rata Share available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing, and the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. In the event that the Administrative Agent has elected to make available to the Borrower any portion of the Delayed Draw Term Loans and any Lender with a Delayed Draw Commitment has failed to fund its portion thereof on the date and time required by this Agreement (any such Lender, the Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender , any such Delayed Draw Term Loans provided by the Administrative Agent, the Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans ), until the time that such Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender has funded its portion of any Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans and reimbursed the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to receive any interest accruing applicable to such unfunded Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans and shall be entitled to retain the Delayed Draw Upfront Fee applicable to such Delayed Draw Commitments. Upon funding by the relevant Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender of any Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans, (x) the proceeds of such funded Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be retained by the Administrative Agent, (y) the Administrative Agent shall remit the Delayed Draw Upfront Fee to such Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender and (z) interest applicable to such funded Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans commencing with the date of such funding shall accrue to such Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender. Additionally, if any Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then such Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender s Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans may be assigned (or in if the Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, shall be assigned) to the Administrative Agent without any further action by any party and the Administrative Agent shall be the Lender with respect to such Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans for all purposes hereof and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to retain the Delayed Draw Upfront Fee. Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Lender and in the name of such Lender, from time to time in the Administrative Agent s discretion, with prior written notice to such Lender, to take any action and to execute any such Assignment and Assumption or other instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this clause. To the extent that the Administrative Agent has funded Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans on behalf of any Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender, such Unfunded DDTL Commitment Lender shall not constitute a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (a) of the definition thereof. 
 SECTION 2.07	 Prepayments . 
 (a)	 Optional . 
 (i)	The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent in the form of a Prepayment Notice, at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay the Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty, subject to clause (D) below; provided that: 
 (A)	 such Prepayment Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent (1) not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, or London time, in the case of Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, (2) not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) one Business Day prior to any date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans and (3) not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) one Business Day prior to any date of prepayment of Swing Line Loans; 

(B)	 any prepayment of (x) SOFR Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding, and (y) Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, shall be in a principal Dollar Amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Amount of 100,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding; 
 (C)	 any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding (it being understood that Base Rate Loans shall be denominated in Dollars only); and 
 (D)	 any prepayment of Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans made on or prior to the date that is six months after the Closing Date shall be accompanied by the payment of the fee described in Section 2.11(g) , if applicable; notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, none of the Initial Term Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loans or the 2021 Incremental Term Loans may be prepaid at the option of the Borrower prior to the First Prepayment Date. 
 Each Prepayment Notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Class(es) and Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid, and the payment amount specified in each Prepayment Notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of a Prepayment Notice and of the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such prepayment; provided , non-consenting Lenders may be repaid on a non-pro rata basis in connection with an Extension Offer or a Refinancing Amendment. Any prepayment of Loans shall be subject to Section 2.07(c) . Revolving Loans, Incremental Revolving Loans and Swing Line Loans prepaid pursuant to this subsection (a) may be reborrowed, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 (ii)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrower may rescind, in whole or in part, any notice of prepayment under Section 2.07(a)(i) , if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of all or a portion of the applicable Facility which refinancing shall not be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed. 
 (iii)	 Voluntary prepayments of Term Loans permitted hereunder shall be applied in a manner determined at the discretion of the Borrower and specified in the notice of prepayment (and absent such direction, in direct order of maturity). 
 (iv)	 Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary (including Section 2.15) , (A) the Borrower may prepay the outstanding Term Loans of any Lender on a non -pro rata basis at or below par with the consent of only such Lender and (B) the Borrower may prepay Term Loans of one or more Classes below par on a non -pro rata basis in accordance with the auction procedures set forth on Exhibit L ; provided that, in each case, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and if the proceeds of any Revolving Loans are used to finance such prepayment, immediately after giving effect to such prepayment and on a Pro Forma Basis for such prepayment, the Borrower s Liquidity equals or exceeds an amount equal to 33 of the Revolving Commitments (whether or not drawn) as of the date of determination. 

(b)	 Mandatory . 
 (i)	 Excess Cash Flow . Within five Business Days after financial statements have been delivered or are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and the related Compliance Certificate has been delivered or is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a), in each case, commencing with the first full fiscal year ending after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall, subject to Sections 2.07(b)(v) and (b)(vi) , prepay an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans equal to, 
 (A)	 the ECF Prepayment Percentage of Excess Cash Flow, if any, for the fiscal year covered by such financial statements, minus 
 (B)	 the sum of, 
 (1)	all voluntary prepayments of Term Loans and any other term loans that are Pari Passu Lien Debt (including (x) those made through debt buybacks and in the case of below-par repurchases in an amount equal to the discounted amount actually paid in cash in respect of such below-par repurchase and (y) payments pursuant to Section 3.07 or other applicable yank-a-bank provisions (solely to the extent any Term Loans or other Pari Passu Lien Debt is retired instead of assigned)), 
 (2)	all voluntary payments and prepayments of Revolving Loans and any other revolving loans that are Pari Passu Lien Debt, in each case to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction in commitments, 
 (3)	all voluntary prepayments of Junior Lien Debt, 
 (4)	all voluntary prepayments of Indebtedness secured by Liens on Excluded Assets, and 
 (5)	all voluntary prepayments of Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors, 
 in each case, (I) during such fiscal year or following the end of such fiscal year and prior to the date of such calculation provided that, with respect to any such amount following the end of such fiscal year, such amount is not included in any calculation pursuant to this clause (b)(i) for the subsequent fiscal year), (II) to the extent such prepayments are not funded with the proceeds of Funded Debt and (III) including, for the avoidance of doubt, assignments of such Indebtedness to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (and prepayments of such Indebtedness below par) to the extent of the amount paid in connection with such assignment (or prepayment); provided that no such payment shall be required if such amount is equal to or less than 10,000,000; provided further that if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Borrower is required to repay or repurchase or to offer to repurchase or repay Pari Passu Lien Debt pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness with all or a portion of such Excess Cash Flow (such Pari Passu Lien Debt required to be repaid or repurchased or to be offered to be so repaid or repurchased, Other Applicable ECF Indebtedness ), then the Borrower may apply such Excess Cash Flow on a pro rata basis to the prepayment of the Term Loans and to the repayment or re-purchase of Other Applicable ECF Indebtedness, and the amount of prepayment of the Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.07(b)(i) shall be reduced accordingly (for purposes of this proviso pro rata basis shall be determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding 

principal amount of the Term Loans and Other Applicable ECF Indebtedness at such time, with it being agreed that the portion of Excess Cash Flow allocated to the Other Applicable ECF Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of such Excess Cash Flow required to be allocated to the Other Applicable ECF Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of such net proceeds shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof). 
 (ii)	 Asset Sales; Casualty Events . If the Borrower or any Loan Party, 
 (A)	 Disposes of any property or assets constituting Collateral pursuant to the General Asset Sale Basket, or 
 (B)	 any Casualty Event occurs with respect to property or assets constituting Collateral, 
 which in either case results in the realization or receipt by the Borrower or such Loan Party of Net Cash Proceeds, the Borrower shall prepay on or prior to the date which is ten Business Days after the date of the realization or receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds in excess of 10,000,000 for any transaction or series of related transactions, subject to Sections 2.07(b)(v) and 2.07(b)(vi) , an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans equal to the Asset Sale Prepayment Percentage of such Net Cash Proceeds realized or received; provided that if at the time that any such prepayment would be required, the Borrower is required to repay or repurchase or to offer to repurchase or repay Pari Passu Lien Debt pursuant to the terms of the documentation governing such Indebtedness with the proceeds of such Disposition or Casualty Event (such Pari Passu Lien Debt required to be repaid or repurchased or to be offered to be so repaid or repurchased, Other Applicable Indebtedness ), then the Borrower may apply such Net Cash Proceeds on a pro rata basis to the prepayment of the Term Loans and to the repayment or repurchase of Other Applicable Indebtedness, and the amount of prepayment of the Term Loans that would have otherwise been required pursuant to this Section 2.07(b)(ii) shall be reduced accordingly (for purposes of this proviso pro rata basis shall be determined on the basis of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans and Other Applicable Indebtedness at such time, with it being agreed that the portion of such net proceeds allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness shall not exceed the amount of such net proceeds required to be allocated to the Other Applicable Indebtedness pursuant to the terms thereof, and the remaining amount, if any, of such net proceeds shall be allocated to the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof); provided , further , that to the extent the holders of Other Applicable Indebtedness decline to have such indebtedness repurchased or prepaid, the declined amount shall promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days after the date of such rejection) be applied to prepay the Term Loans in accordance with the terms hereof; provided , further , that no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this Section 2.07(b)(ii) with respect to such portion of such Net Cash Proceeds that the Borrower shall have, on or prior to such date, given written notice to the Administrative Agent of its intent to reinvest in accordance with this Section 2.07(b)(ii) . 
 With respect to any Net Cash Proceeds realized or received with respect to any Disposition or any Casualty Event that, in either case, is subject to the application of the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.07(b)(ii) , at the option of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may (in lieu of making a prepayment pursuant to the foregoing provisions) elect to (I) reinvest an amount equal to all or any portion of such Net Cash Proceeds in assets used or useful for the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (1) within eighteen months following receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds or (2) if the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries enters into a legally binding commitment to reinvest such Net Cash Proceeds within eighteen months following receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds, no later than one hundred and eighty days after the end of such eighteen month period; provided that if any 

portion of such amount is no longer intended to be or cannot be so reinvested at any time after delivery of a notice of reinvestment election, subject to Section 2.07(b)(v) and Section 2.07(b)(vi) , an amount equal to the Asset Sale Prepayment Percentage of any such Net Cash Proceeds shall be applied within five Business Days after the Borrower or such Loan Party reasonably determines that such amount is no longer intended to be or cannot be so reinvested to the prepayment of the Term Loans and Other Applicable Indebtedness as set forth above or (II) apply such Net Cash Proceeds to permanently repay indebtedness of Non-Loan Parties. 
 (iii)	 Indebtedness . If any of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs or issues any Funded Debt (A) which is not expressly permitted to be incurred or issued pursuant to Section 7.03 or (B) that constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, the Borrower shall prepay an aggregate principal amount of Term Loans equal to 100 of all Net Cash Proceeds received therefrom on or prior to the date which is five Business Days after the receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (in the case of clause (A)) and substantially concurrently with the incurrence of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness (in the case of clause (B)). 
 (iv)	 Revolving Loan Repayments . The Borrower shall from time to time prepay first , the Swing Line Loans and second , the Revolving Loans to the extent necessary so that the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments shall not at any time exceed the Revolving Commitments then in effect; provided that, to the extent such excess amount is greater than the aggregate principal dollar amount of Swing Line Loans and Revolving Loans outstanding immediately prior to the application of such prepayment, the amount so prepaid shall be retained by the Administrative Agent and held in the Cash Collateral Account as cover for Letter of Credit Usage, as more particularly described in Section 2.04(l) , and thereupon such cash shall be deemed to reduce the aggregate Letter of Credit Usage by an equivalent amount. 
 (v)	 Application of Payments . (A) Except as may otherwise be set forth in any Refinancing Amendment, Extension Amendment or any Incremental Amendment, each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.07(b)(i) , (ii) or (iii) shall be applied ratably to each Class of Term Loans then outstanding provided that any prepayment of Term Loans with the Net Cash Proceeds of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall be applied solely to each applicable Class of Refinanced Debt), (B) with respect to each Class of Loans (other than Revolving Loans or Swing Line Loans), each prepayment pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) of this Section 2.07(b) shall be applied to remaining scheduled installments of principal thereof following the date of prepayment pursuant to Section 2.09 as directed by the Borrower and specified in the notice of prepayment (and absent such direction, in direct order of maturity of the remaining installments under the applicable Class of Loans), and (C) each such prepayment shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares of such prepayment. 
 (vi)	 Foreign and Tax Considerations . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.07(b) , 
 (A)	 to the extent that any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Disposition by a Foreign Subsidiary giving rise to a prepayment event pursuant to Section 2.07(b)(ii) (a Foreign Disposition ), the Net Cash Proceeds of any Casualty Event from a Foreign Subsidiary (a Foreign Casualty Event or Excess Cash Flow of a Foreign Subsidiary are prohibited or delayed by applicable local law from being repatriated to the United States, the portion of such Net Cash 

Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Term Loans at the times provided in this Section 2.07(b) but may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary so long as the applicable local law will not permit repatriation to the United States (the Borrower hereby agreeing to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly take all actions reasonably required by the applicable local law to permit such repatriation) and, if within 12 months of the applicable prepayment event, such repatriation of any of such affected Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow is permitted under the applicable local law, such repatriation will be immediately effected and such repatriated Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow will be promptly (and in any event not later than ten Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) to the extent provided herein, and 
 (B)	 to the extent that the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation to the United States of any or all of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Foreign Disposition or any Foreign Casualty Event or any or all of the Excess Cash Flow of a Foreign Subsidiary would have material adverse tax consequences (relative to the relevant Foreign Disposition, Foreign Casualty Event or Excess Cash Flow and taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit actually realized in connection with such repatriation) with respect to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, the Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of this clause (B), on or before the date on which any Net Cash Proceeds so retained would otherwise have been required to be applied to reinvestments or prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) (or such Excess Cash Flow would have been required to be applied to prepayments pursuant to this Section 2.07(b) ), (1) the Borrower applies an amount equal to such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow to such reinvestments or prepayments (in the case of Net Cash Proceeds) and to such prepayments (in the case of Excess Cash Flow) as if such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow had been received by the Borrower rather than such Foreign Subsidiary, less the amount (the Netted Tax Amount of additional taxes that would have been payable or reserved against it if such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow had been repatriated to the United States by such Foreign Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of this clause (1), to the extent that within 12 months of the applicable prepayment event, the repatriation of any Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow from such Foreign Subsidiary would no longer have material adverse tax consequences (relative to the relevant Foreign Disposition, Foreign Casualty Event or Excess Cash Flow), such Foreign Subsidiary shall promptly repatriate an amount equal to the Netted Tax Amount to the Administrative Agent, which amount shall be applied to the pro rata prepayment of the Loans and Commitments pursuant to Section 2.07(d) or (2) such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow are applied to the repayment of Indebtedness of a Foreign Subsidiary. 
 (vii)	 Mandatory Prepayment Procedures; Declining Lenders . The Borrower shall give notice to the Administrative Agent of any mandatory prepayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.07(b)(i) , (ii), (iii) or (iv) three Business Days prior to the date on which such payment is due. Such notice shall state that the Borrower is offering to make or will make such mandatory prepayment on or before the date specified in Section 

2.07(b)(i) , (ii), (iii) or (iv) , as the case may be (each, a Prepayment Date ). Once given, such notice shall be irrevocable provided that the Borrower may rescind any notice of prepayment if such prepayment would have resulted from a refinancing of all or any portion of the applicable Facility or been made in connection with a Disposition, which refinancing or Disposition shall not be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed) and all amounts subject to such notice shall be due and payable on the Prepayment Date (except as otherwise provided in Section 2.07(b)(vi) and in the last sentence of this Section 2.07(b)(vii) ). Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall immediately give notice to each Lender of the prepayment, the Prepayment Date and of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the prepayment. Each Lender may elect (in its sole discretion) to decline all (but not less than all) of its Pro Rata Share of any mandatory prepayment (other than any mandatory prepayment with the proceeds of any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness or a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.07(b)(iii) by giving notice of such election in writing to the Administrative Agent by 11:00 a.m.(New York City time), on the date that is one Business Day after the date of such Lender s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such prepayment. If a Lender fails to deliver a notice of election declining receipt of its Pro Rata Share of such mandatory prepayment to the Administrative Agent within the time frame specified above, any such failure will be deemed to constitute an acceptance of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the total amount of such mandatory prepayment of Term Loans. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall immediately notify the Borrower of such election. Subject to any requirements set forth in the Second Lien Credit Documents, any amount so declined by any Lender shall be retained by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and/or applied by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in any manner not inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (c)	 Interest, Funding Losses, Etc . All prepayments under this Section 2.07 shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with, in the case of any such prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a SOFR Loan on a date prior to the last day of an Interest Period therefor, any amounts owing in respect of such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan, as applicable, pursuant to Section 3.05 . 
 (d)	 Application of Prepayment Amounts . In the event that the obligation of the Borrower to prepay the Loans shall arise pursuant to subsection (b) above, 
 (i)	 first , the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans in the amount of such prepayment obligation within the applicable time periods specified in subsection (b) above, with such prepayment to be applied in the manner set forth in Section 2.07(b)(v) , 
 (ii)	 second , to the extent of any excess remaining after the prepayment as provided in clause (i) above, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Swing Line Loans, without a corresponding permanent reduction to the Revolving Commitments, 
 (iii)	 third , to the extent of any excess remaining after the prepayment as provided in clauses (i) and (ii) above, the Borrower shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans, without a corresponding permanent reduction to the Revolving Commitments, and 

(iv)	 fourth , to the extent of any excess remaining after application as provided in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, the Borrower shall pay any outstanding Reimbursement Obligations, and thereafter the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the Letter of Credit Usage pursuant to Section 2.04(l) . 
 Each payment or prepayment pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.07(b) shall be applied ratably among the Lenders of each Class holding the Loans being prepaid, in proportion to the principal amount held by each, and shall be applied as among the Term Loans or the Revolving Loans, as the case may be, being prepaid, (A) first, to prepay all Base Rate Loans and (B) second, to the extent of any excess remaining after application as provided in clause (A) above, to prepay all Eurocurrency Rate Loans (and as among Eurocurrency Rate Loans, (1) first to prepay those Eurocurrency Rate Loans, if any, having Interest Periods ending on the date of such prepayment, and (2) thereafter, to the extent of any excess remaining after application as provided in clause (1) above, to prepay any Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the order of the expiration dates of the Interest Periods applicable thereto) and all SOFR Loans (and as among SOFR Loans, (1) first to prepay those SOFR Loans, if any, having Interest Periods ending on the date of such prepayment, and (2) thereafter, to the extent of any excess remaining after application as provided in clause (1) above, to prepay any SOFR Loans in the order of the expiration dates of the Interest Periods applicable thereto) on a pro rata basis. 
 (e)	 Interest Period Deferrals . Notwithstanding any of the other provisions of this Section 2.07 , so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, if any prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans is required to be made under this Section 2.07 prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, in lieu of making any payment pursuant to this Section 2.07 in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan, as applicable, prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, deposit an amount sufficient to make any such prepayment otherwise required to be made thereunder together with accrued interest to the last day of such Interest Period into a Cash Collateral Account until the last day of such Interest Period, at which time the Administrative Agent shall be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of such Loans in accordance with this Section 2.07 . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall also be authorized (without any further action by or notice to or from the Borrower or any other Loan Party) to apply such amount to the prepayment of the outstanding Loans in accordance with the relevant provisions of this Section 2.07 . 
 SECTION 2.08	 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a)	 Optional . The Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the unused Commitments of any Class, or from time to time permanently reduce the unused Commitments of any Class, in each case without premium or penalty; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent one Business Day prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 1,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof or, if less, the entire amount thereof and (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.07 , the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments would exceed the total Revolving Commitments, (B) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, (1) the Letter of Credit Usage not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder at 103 of the maximum face amount of any such Letters of Credit would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (2) the Letter of Credit Usage with respect to Letters of Credit issued by an applicable Issuing Bank not fully Cash Collateralized hereunder at 103 of the maximum face amount of any such Letters of Credit would exceed the 

amount of such Issuing Bank s Letter of Credit Percentage of the Letter of Credit Sublimit or (C) the Swing Line Sublimit, if after giving effect to any concurrent payment of Swing Line Loans in accordance with Section 2.07 , the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments with respect to Swing Line Loans would exceed the Swing Line Sublimit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may rescind or postpone any notice of termination of the Commitments if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of all or a portion of the applicable Facility, which refinancing shall not be consummated or otherwise shall be delayed. 
 (b)	 Mandatory . 
 (i)	 (A) The Initial Term Loan Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to 0 upon the making of such Lender s Initial Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(a) , (B) the Delayed Draw Commitment of each Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced (x) by the aggregate principal amount of Delayed Draw Term Loans made from time to time by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(a) and (y) to 0 upon the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date and (C) the Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. 
 (ii)	 If after giving effect to any reduction or termination of Revolving Commitments under this Section 2.08 , the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Revolving Commitments at such time, the Letter of Credit Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit, as the case may be, shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. 
 (c)	 The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Delayed Draw Commitments or from time to time permanently reduce the Delayed Draw Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. three Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such notice shall be irrevocable, and (iii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 5,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. 
 (d)	 Effect of Termination or Reduction . Any termination or reduction of the Commitments of any Class shall be permanent. Each reduction of Commitments of any Class shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Share of Commitments of such Class. 
 SECTION 2.09	 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a)	(i) the 2021 Incremental Term Loans shall not require any scheduled amortization payments prior to the Maturity Date therefor; provided that this clause (i) shall be amended, as it relates to any then-existing tranche of Term Loans to increase the amortization with respect thereto, in connection with the Borrowing of any Incremental Term Loans that constitute Pari Passu Lien Debt if and to the extent necessary so that such Incremental Term Loans and the applicable existing Term Loans form the same Class of Term Loans and to the extent possible, a fungible tranche, in each case, without the consent of any party hereto, and (z) such amendments shall not decrease any amortization payment to any Lender that would have otherwise been payable to such Lender prior thereto, and (ii) the Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Appropriate Lenders on the Maturity Date for each Class of Term Loans, the aggregate principal amount of all such Term Loans outstanding on such date. 

(b)	The Borrower shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Appropriate Lenders the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. 
 (c)	The Borrower shall repay to the Swing Line Lender (or, to the extent required by Section 2.03(c) , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Lenders) each Swing Line Loan made by the Swing Line Lender to the Borrower on the earlier to occur of (i) the date seven Business Days after such Swing Line Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date of the Revolving Loans; provided , on each date that a Revolving Loan is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swing Line Loans then outstanding. At any time there shall exist a Defaulting Lender that is a Revolving Lender, immediately upon the request of the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall repay the outstanding Swing Line Loans made by the Swing Line Lender to the Borrower in an amount sufficient to eliminate any Fronting Exposure in respect of the Swing Line Loans. 
 SECTION 2.10	 Interest . 
 (a)	Subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(b) , (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate, (ii) each SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Adjusted Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate (iii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate and (iv) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b)	If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (c)	If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
 (d)	Accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of all outstanding past due Obligations (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
 (e)	Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable (i) with respect to Base Rate Loans, in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein and (ii) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans, at the end of each Interest Period in respect thereof, and, in any event, every three months. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding, under any Debtor Relief Law. 
 (f)	The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate. The determination of the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate, the Eurocurrency Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR and SOFR by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the 

absence of manifest error. At any time when Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in the prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
 (g)	After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten Interest Periods in effect unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; provided that after the establishment of any new Class of Loans pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment or Extension, the number of Interest Periods otherwise permitted by this Section 2.10(g) shall increase by three Interest Periods for each applicable Class so established. 
 SECTION 2.11	 Fees . 
 (a)	The Borrower shall pay to the Agents such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing (including pursuant to the Engagement Letter and Agency Fee Letter) in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever (except as expressly agreed between the Borrower and the applicable Agent). 
 (b)	The Borrower agrees to pay to Lenders having Revolving Exposure: 
 (i)	commitment fees for the period from and including the Closing Date to and including the Revolving Commitment Termination Date equal to (A) the average of the daily difference between (1) the Revolving Commitments and (2) the sum of (I) the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans plus (II) the Letter of Credit Usage, times (B) the Applicable Commitment Fee; and 
 (ii)	letter of credit fees with respect to all Letters of Credit (the L/C Fee equal to (A) the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans that are Eurocurrency Rate Loans (prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date) or SOFR Loans (on and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date), times (B) the average aggregate daily maximum amount available to be drawn under all Letters of Credit (regardless of whether any conditions for drawing could then be met and determined as of the close of business on any date of determination and whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit if such maximum amount increases periodically pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit). 
 All fees referred to in this Section 2.11(b) shall be paid to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent s Office and upon receipt, the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share thereof. 
 (c)	The Borrower agrees to pay directly to the applicable Issuing Bank, for its own account, the following fees: 
 (i)	a fronting fee to be agreed by the Borrower and the applicable Issuing Bank (not to exceed 0.125 per annum times the daily maximum amount then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit (whether or not such maximum amount is then in effect under such Letter of Credit if such maximum amount increases periodically pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit) determined as of the close of business on any date of determination; and 
 (ii)	such documentary and processing charges for any issuance, amendment, transfer or payment of a Letter of Credit as are in accordance with such Issuing Bank s standard schedule for such charges and as in effect at the time of such issuance, amendment, transfer or 

payment, as the case may be, which fees, costs and charges shall be payable to such Issuing Bank within three Business Days after its demand therefor and are nonrefundable. 
 Each payment of fees required above under this clause (c) on any Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made in Dollars. 
 (d)	All fees referred to in Sections 2.11(b) and 2.11(c)(i) shall be payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each fiscal quarter of each year during the Revolving Commitment Period, commencing with the first full fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date, and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date; provided that any such fees accruing after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date shall be payable on demand. 
 (e)	The Borrower agrees to pay on the Closing Date to each Lender party to this Agreement on the Closing Date, as fee compensation for the funding of such Lender s Initial Term Loan, a closing fee (the Closing Fee in an amount equal to 0.25 of the stated principal amount of such Lender s Term Loan made on the Closing Date. Such Closing Fee will be in all respects fully earned, due and payable on the Closing Date and non-refundable and non-creditable thereafter and such Closing Fee shall be netted against Initial Term Loans (in the form of original issue discount) made by such Lender. In addition, with respect to each advance of Delayed Draw Term Loans made in accordance with Section 2.01(a) , the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each Lender with a Delayed Draw Commitment, an upfront fee (the Delayed Draw Upfront Fee in an amount equal to 0.25 of the stated principal amount of such Delayed Draw Term Loans that are made on the date of such advance. Such Delayed Draw Upfront Fee will be in all respects fully earned, due and payable on the date on which such Delayed Draw Term Loans are made and shall be non-refundable thereafter, and such Delayed Draw Upfront Fee shall be netted against the Delayed Draw Term Loans (in the form of original issue discount) made by such Lender on such date. 
 (f)	The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account the fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon. 
 (g)	At the time of the effectiveness of any Repricing Event that is consummated during the period commencing on February 5, 2020 and ending on the day immediately prior to the date that is six months after February 5, 2020, the Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each Lender with Initial Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans that are either repaid, converted or subjected to a pricing reduction in connection with such Repricing Event (including each Lender that withholds its consent to such Repricing Event and is replaced as a Non-Consenting Lender under Section 3.07 ), a fee in an amount equal to 1.0 of (i) in the case of a Repricing Event described in clause (a) of the definition thereof, the aggregate principal amount of all Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans prepaid (or converted) in connection with such Repricing Event and (ii) in the case of a Repricing Event described in clause (b) of the definition thereof, the aggregate principal amount of all Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Term Loans outstanding on such date that are subject to an effective pricing reduction pursuant to such Repricing Event. Such fees shall be earned, due and payable upon the date of the effectiveness of such Repricing Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, each Lender hereby agrees to waive any amounts payable by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.05 that would have resulted from a refinancing of this Agreement or a Repricing Event. 
 (h)	The Borrower agrees to pay to Lenders (other than any Defaulting Lender) having Delayed Draw Commitments a ticking fee (the Delayed Draw Ticking Fee during the Delayed Draw Commitment Period, calculated in an amount equal to the average daily balance of the unfunded and outstanding Delayed Draw Commitments, multiplied by a per annum rate (calculated in accordance with Section 2.12 equal to (x) for any day in the period from and including the Closing Date to and including the date that is 45 days 

after the Closing Date, 0 , (y) for any day in the period from and including the date that is 46 days after the Closing Date to and including the date that is 90 days after the Closing Date, 50 of the Eurocurrency Rate Spread (as specified in the definition of Applicable Rate applicable to the Initial Term Loans, and (z) for any day in the period from and including the date that is 91 days after the Closing Date to but excluding the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date, 100 of the Eurocurrency Rate Spread (as specified in the definition of Applicable Rate applicable to the Initial Term Loans. Subject to the following sentence, the Delayed Draw Ticking Fee shall accrue on unfunded and outstanding Delayed Draw Commitments from and including the last day on which the Delayed Draw Ticking Fee was paid (or if no such payment date has yet been made, from and including the Closing Date) and shall be due and payable in arrears on (i) each Interest Payment Date applicable to Base Rate Loans (regardless of whether any Base Rate Loans are outstanding) and (ii) the Delayed Draw Commitment Termination Date. The Delayed Draw Ticking Fee also shall be due and payable on each Delayed Draw Closing Date solely to the extent of the Delayed Draw Commitments funded as Delayed Draw Term Loans on such Delayed Draw Closing Date (and such payment shall not affect the accrual of the Delayed Draw Ticking Fee or timing of payment thereof on the remaining unfunded and outstanding Delayed Draw Commitments pursuant to the foregoing sentence). 
 SECTION 2.12	 Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans calculated by reference to the prime rate and for the Delayed Draw Ticking Fee shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 days or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.10(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 SECTION 2.13	 Evidence of Indebtedness . 
 (a)	The Borrowings made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and evidenced by one or more entries in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent, acting solely for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 5f.103-1(c), as non-fiduciary agent for the Borrower, in each case in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be prima facie evidence absent manifest error of the amount of the Borrowings made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note payable to such Lender, which shall evidence the relevant Class of such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 (b)	Entries made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to Section 2.13(a) , and by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to Section 2.13(a) , shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the 

Borrower to, in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, absent manifest error; provided that the failure of the Administrative Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 2.14	 Payments Generally . 
 (a)	All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made on the date when due, in immediately available funds without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office for payment and in Same Day Funds not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time, in the case of any payment in Dollars, or London time, in the case of any payment in an Alternative Currency) on the date specified herein. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Appropriate Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office; provided that the proceeds of any borrowing of Revolving Loans to finance the reimbursement of a drawn Letter of Credit as provided in Section 2.04(c) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 1:00 p.m. (New York City time, in the case of any payment in Dollars, or London time, in the case of any payment in an Alternative Currency) shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. 
 (b)	If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
 (c)	Unless the Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made by it to the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of any Lender or any Issuing Bank, as applicable, that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has timely made such payment and may (but shall not be so required to), in reliance thereon, make available a corresponding amount to such Lender or such Issuing Bank. If and to the extent that such payment was not in fact made to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds, then such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, shall forthwith on demand repay to the Administrative Agent the portion of such assumed payment that was made available to such Lender or such Issuing Bank in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. 
 (d)	If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the Borrowing set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
 (e)	The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.07 are several and not joint. 

The failure of any Lender to make any Loan on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or purchase its participation. 
 (f)	Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
 (g)	Whenever any payment received by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents is insufficient to pay in full all amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents on any date, such payment shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent and applied by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the order of priority set forth in Section 9.03 . If the Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the Obligations of the Loan Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents under circumstances for which the Loan Documents do not specify the manner in which such funds are to be applied, the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, elect to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders in accordance with such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such of the outstanding Loans or other Obligations then owing to such Lender. 
 (h)	If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.03(c) , 2.04(c) , 2.06 , 2.15 or 10.07 , then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender or the Issuing Banks, as applicable, to satisfy such Lender s obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the Issuing Banks until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 SECTION 2.15	 Sharing of Payments, Etc. If, other than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on account of the Loans of a particular Class made by it (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of setoff, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other Lenders such participations in the Loans made by them and/or such sub-participations in the participations in L/C obligations or Swing Line Loans held by them, as the case may be, as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment in respect of such Loans or such participations, as the case may be, pro rata with each of them; provided that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 11.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to that extent be rescinded and each relevant Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount equal to such paying Lender s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such paying Lender s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered, without further interest thereon. The provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement as in effect from time to time (including Section 2.07(a)(iv) and Section 11.07 ), (B) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant permitted hereunder or (C) any payment received by such Lender not in its capacity as a Lender. The Borrower agrees that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, 

exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of setoff, but subject to Section 11.09 with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. The Administrative Agent will keep records (which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.15 and will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments. Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.15 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. 
 SECTION 2.16	 Incremental Borrowings . 
 (a)	 Notice . At any time and from time to time, on one or more occasions, the Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent, (i) increase the aggregate principal amount of any outstanding tranche of Term Loans or add one or more additional tranches of term loans under the Loan Documents (the Incremental Term Facilities and the term loans made thereunder, the Incremental Term Loans or (ii) increase the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments or add one or more additional revolving loan facilities under the Loan Documents (the Incremental Revolving Facilities and the revolving loans and other extensions of credit made thereunder, the Incremental Revolving Loans each such increase or tranche pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii), an Incremental Facility and the loans or other extensions of credit made thereunder, the Incremental Loans ). 
 (b)	 Ranking . Incremental Facilities (i) may rank either pari passu or junior in right of payment with the Initial Term Loans, the Delayed Draw Term Loans and the initial Revolving Commitments, (ii) may either be unsecured or secured by the Collateral (or assets that become Collateral) (including secured by Liens that secure the Facilities on a pari passu or junior basis) and (iii) may be guaranteed only by the Loan Parties (or Persons that become Loan Parties). 
 (c)	 Size and Currency . Subject to Section 1.08 , the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Facilities on any date Indebtedness thereunder is first incurred (or commitments with respect thereto are received (x) in the case of any Incremental Revolving Facility, assuming such commitments are fully drawn on such date, and (y) in the case of any Incremental Term Facility with a delayed draw feature, at the Borrower s option either assuming any incremental commitments thereunder are fully drawn on such date or determined based on the date and actual amount of funding thereof), together with the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Equivalent Debt outstanding on such date, will not exceed, an amount equal to, 
 (i)	the Fixed Incremental Amount, plus 
 (ii)	the Ratio Amount, (the sum of the Fixed Incremental Amount and the Ratio Amount, the Incremental Amount ). Calculation of the Incremental Amount shall be made on Pro Forma Basis and evidenced by a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower demonstrating such calculation in reasonable detail. Each Incremental Amendment executed in connection with an Incremental Facility shall identify whether all or any portion of such Incremental Facility is being incurred pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) above or a combination of such clauses. Each Incremental Facility will be in an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and in an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 10,000,000 (or such lesser minimum amount approved by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided that such amount may be less than such minimum amount or integral multiple amount if such amount represents all the remaining availability under the Incremental Amount at such time. Any Incremental Facility may be denominated in Dollars or in any Alternative Currency (and in the case of any Alternative Currency, the Dollar Amount thereof as of the date of incurrence (or, in the case of an LCA Election, as of 

the applicable LCA Test Date) shall be controlling for purposes of determining compliance with the Incremental Amount, and the minimum amount and integral multiples shall be a Dollar Amount of 10,000,000 or 1,000,000, respectively (or, in each case, such lesser minimum amount approved by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion)). 
 (d)	 Incremental Lenders . Incremental Facilities may be provided by any existing Lender (it being understood that no existing Lender shall have an obligation to make, or provide commitments with respect to, an Incremental Loan) or by any Additional Lender. While existing Lenders may (but are not obligated to unless invited to and so elect) participate in any syndication of an Incremental Facility and may (but are not obligated to unless invited to and so elect) become lenders with respect thereto, the existing Lenders will not have any right to participate in any syndication of, and will not have any right of first refusal or other right to provide all or any portion of, any Incremental Facility or Incremental Loan except to the extent the Borrower and the arrangers thereof, if any, in their discretion, chose to invite or include any such existing Lender (which may or may not apply to all existing Lenders and may or may not be pro rata among existing Lenders). Final allocations in respect of Incremental Facilities will be made by the Borrower together with the arrangers thereof, if any, in their discretion, on the terms permitted by this Section 2.16 ; provided that the lenders providing the Incremental Facilities will be reasonably acceptable to the (i) Borrower, (ii) the Administrative Agent and (iii) solely with respect to any Incremental Revolving Facility, each Issuing Bank (except that, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), only to the extent such Person otherwise would have a consent right to an assignment of such loans or commitments to such lender, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). For the avoidance of doubt, any Affiliated Lender that provides any Incremental Loans shall be subject to the limitations on Affiliated Lenders set forth in Section 11.07(h) (including the Affiliated Lender Term Loan Cap, as applicable). 
 (e)	 Incremental Facility Amendments; Use of Proceeds . Each Incremental Facility will become effective pursuant to an amendment (each, an Incremental Amendment to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower and each Person providing such Incremental Facility and the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Incremental Amendment. Incremental Amendments may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.16 and, to the extent practicable, to make an Incremental Loan fungible (including for tax purposes) with other Loans (subject to the limitations under sub-clauses (g) and (h) of this Section) to the extent practicable. Without limiting the foregoing, an Incremental Amendment may (i) extend or add call protection to any existing tranche of Term Loans, including amendments to Section 2.11(g) , and (ii) amend the schedule of amortization payments relating to any existing tranche of Term Loans, including amendments to Section 2.09(a) provided , that any such amendment shall not decrease any amortization payment to any Lender that would have otherwise been payable to such Lender prior to the effectiveness of the applicable Incremental Amendment), in the case of each clause (i) and (ii), so that such Incremental Term Loans and the applicable existing Term Loans form the same Class of Term Loans; provided , that such amendments are not adverse to the existing Term Loan Lenders (as determined in good faith by the Borrower). Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Incremental Amendment, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, as applicable, will be amended to the extent necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Incremental Facility and the Incremental Term Loans evidenced thereby. This Section 2.16 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.15 or 11.01 to the contrary. The Borrower may use the proceeds of the Incremental Loans for any purpose not prohibited by this Agreement. 
 (f)	 Conditions . The availability of Incremental Facilities under this Agreement will be subject solely to the following conditions, subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to Section 1.08 , measured on the date of the initial borrowing under such Incremental Facility (or, with respect to (x) any Incremental 

Revolving Facility, the date commitments with respect thereto are received and (y) any Incremental Term Facility with a delayed draw feature, at the Borrower s option, either the date commitments with respect thereto are received or the date and amount of actual funding thereof): 
 (i)	no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; provided that the condition set forth in this clause (i) may be waived or not required (other than with respect to Specified Events of Default) by the Persons providing such Incremental Facilities if the proceeds of the initial Borrowings under such Incremental Facilities will be used to finance, in whole or in part, a Permitted Investment; and 
 (ii)	the representations and warranties in the Loan Documents will be true and correct in all material respects (except for representations and warranties that are already qualified by materiality, which representations and warranties will be true and correct in all respects) immediately prior to, and after giving effect to, the incurrence of such Incremental Facility; provided that the condition set forth in this clause (ii) may be waived or not required (other than with respect to the Specified Representations) by the Persons providing such Incremental Facilities if the proceeds of the initial Borrowings under such Incremental Facilities will be used to finance, in whole or in part, a Permitted Investment. 
 (g)	 Terms . Each Incremental Amendment will set forth the amount and terms of the relevant Incremental Facility. The terms of each Incremental Facility will be as agreed between the Borrower and the Persons providing such Incremental Facility; provided that: 
 (i)	the final maturity date of any such Incremental Term Loans will be no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date of the Initial Term Loans; provided that this clause shall not apply to the incurrence of any Incremental Term Loans pursuant to the Inside Maturity Exception; 
 (ii)	the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any such Incremental Term Loans will be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Initial Term Loans; provided that this clause shall not apply to the incurrence of any Incremental Term Loans pursuant to the Inside Maturity Exception; 
 (iii)	any mandatory prepayment of such Incremental Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis in any mandatory repayments or prepayments of the Initial Term Loans, but not on a greater than pro rata basis to the Initial Term Loans (other than (A) any repayment of such Incremental Term Loans at maturity and (B) any greater than pro rata repayment of such Incremental Term Loans with the proceeds of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to a mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.07(b)(iii)(B) ); 
 (iv)	(A) to the extent secured, such Incremental Term Facilities or Incremental Revolving Facilities, as applicable, shall not be secured by any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Guarantor that does not also secure the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, at the time of such incurrence (except (1) customary cash collateral in favor of an agent, letter of credit issuer or similar fronting lender, (2) Liens on property or assets applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, at the time of incurrence and (3) any Liens on property or assets to the extent that a Lien on such property or asset is also added for the benefit of the Lenders under the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable) and (B) to the extent guaranteed, such Incremental Term Facilities or Incremental Revolving Facilities, as applicable, shall not be incurred or guaranteed by any Loan Party other than the Borrower and the Guarantors (including any Person required to be a Guarantor) (except (1) for guarantees by other Persons that are applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date 

of the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable, at the time of incurrence and (2) any such Person incurring or guaranteeing such Incremental Term Facilities or Incremental Revolving Facilities, as applicable, that also guarantees the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, as applicable); and 
 (v)	except as otherwise set forth herein, all terms of any Incremental Revolving Facility shall be on terms and pursuant to documentation applicable to the Revolving Facility and all other terms of any Incremental Term Facility shall be on terms (including subordination terms, if applicable) and pursuant to documentation to be determined by the Borrower and the providers of the Incremental Term Facility; provided that the operational and agency provisions contained in such documentation shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
 (h)	 Pricing . The interest rate, fees and original issue discount for any Incremental Term Loans will be as determined by the Borrower and the Persons providing such Incremental Term Loans; provided that in the event that the All-In Yield applicable to any Incremental Term Loans (other than any Excluded Incremental Term Loan (as defined below)) that are incurred during the first six months following the Closing Date and are secured on a pari passu basis with the Initial Term Loans exceeds the All-In Yield (taking into account the leverage-based pricing grid therein and any comparable leverage-based pricing grid applicable to such Incremental Term Loans) for the Initial Term Loans by more than 75 basis points, then the interest rate margins for the Initial Term Loans shall be increased to the extent necessary so that the All-In Yield for such Term Loans is equal to the All-In Yield for such Incremental Term Loans minus 75 basis points. Excluded Incremental Term Loan means any (i) Incremental Term Loans incurred in reliance on the Ratio Amount, (ii) Incremental Term Loans with a scheduled maturity date more than one years after the initial scheduled maturity date for the Initial Term Loans, (iii) Incremental Term Loans incurred in connection with a Permitted Investment, (iv) Incremental Term Loans in an original aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (A) 50 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 50 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination, (v) Incremental Term Loans that are not a syndicated term loan b facility or (vi) Incremental Term Loans that are not denominated in Dollars. 
 (i)	 Adjustments to Revolving Loans . Upon each increase in the Revolving Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.16 , 
 (i)	each Revolving Lender immediately prior to such increase will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assigned to each lender providing a portion of such increase (each an Incremental Revolving Facility Lender ), and each such Incremental Revolving Facility Lender will automatically and without further act be deemed to have assumed, a portion of such Revolving Lender s participations hereunder in outstanding Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans such that, after giving effect to each such deemed assignment and assumption of participations, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding (1) participations hereunder in Letters of Credit and (2) participations hereunder in Swing Line Loans held by each Revolving Lender will equal the percentage of the aggregate Revolving Commitments of all Lenders represented by such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitments; and 
 (ii)	if, on the date of such increase, there are any Revolving Loans outstanding, such Revolving Loans shall on or prior to the effectiveness of such Incremental Revolving Facility be prepaid from the proceeds of Incremental Revolving Loans made hereunder (reflecting such increase in Revolving Commitments), which prepayment shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the Revolving Loans being prepaid and any costs incurred by any Revolving Lender in accordance with Section 3.05 . 

(j)	The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby agree that the minimum borrowing, pro rata borrowing and pro rata payment requirements contained elsewhere in this Agreement shall not apply to the transactions effected pursuant to Section 2.16 . 
 SECTION 2.17	 Refinancing Amendments . 
 (a)	 Refinancing Loans . At any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may obtain, from any Lender or any Additional Lender, Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of all or any portion of the Term Loans or Revolving Loans, in the form of Refinancing Loans or Refinancing Commitments made pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment. 
 (b)	 Refinancing Amendments . The effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment will be subject only to the satisfaction on the date thereof of such conditions as may be requested by the providers of applicable Refinancing Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Refinancing Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement will be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Refinancing Loans incurred pursuant thereto (including any amendments necessary to treat the Term Loans or Revolving Loans subject thereto as Refinancing Term Loans or Refinancing Revolving Loans, respectively). 
 (c)	 Required Consents . Any Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any Person other than the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Persons providing the applicable Refinancing Loans, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.17 . This Section 2.17 supersedes any provisions in Section 11.01 to the contrary. 
 (d)	 Providers of Refinancing Loans . Refinancing Loans may be provided by any existing Lender (it being understood that no existing Lender shall have an obligation to make all or any portion of any Refinancing Loan) or by any Additional Lender (subject to Section 11.07(h) ). The lenders providing the Refinancing Loans will be reasonably acceptable to the (i) Borrower, (ii) the Administrative Agent and (iii) solely with respect to any Refinancing Revolving Loans, each Issuing Bank (except that, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), only to the extent such Person otherwise would have a consent right to an assignment of such loans or commitments to such lender, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 
 SECTION 2.18	 Extensions of Loans . 
 (a)	 Extension Offers . Pursuant to one or more offers (each, an Extension Offer made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders holding Loans and/or Commitments of a particular Class with a like Maturity Date, the Borrower may extend such Maturity Date and otherwise modify the terms of such Loans and/or Commitments pursuant to the terms set forth in an Extension Offer (each, an Extension ). Each Extension Offer will specify the minimum amount of Loans and/or Commitments with respect to which an Extension Offer may be accepted, which (x) with respect to Loans and/or Commitments denominated in Dollars, will be an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and an aggregate principal amount that is not less than 5,000,000, or (y) with respect to Loans and/or Commitments denominated in any Alternative Currency, will be an integral multiple of the Dollar Amount of 1,000,000 and an aggregate principal amount that is not less than the Dollar Amount of 5,000,000 or, in each case, if less, (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Class of Loans outstanding or (ii) such lesser minimum amount as is approved by the Administrative Agent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Extension Offers will be made on a pro rata basis to all Lenders holding Loans and/or Commitments of a particular Class with a like Maturity Date. If the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Loans (calculated on the face amount 

thereof) and/or Commitments in respect of which Lenders have accepted an Extension Offer exceeds the maximum aggregate principal amount of Loans and/or Commitments offered to be extended pursuant to such Extension Offer, then the Loans and/or Commitments of such Lenders will be extended ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts (but not to exceed actual holdings of record) with respect to which such Lenders have accepted such Extension Offer. There is no requirement that any Extension Offer or Extension Amendment (defined as follows) be subject to any most favored nation pricing provisions. The terms of an Extension Offer shall be determined by the Borrower, and Extension Offers may contain one or more conditions to their effectiveness, including a condition that a minimum amount of Loans and/or Commitments of any or all applicable tranches be tendered. 
 (b)	 Extension Amendments . The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (an Extension Amendment as may be necessary or appropriate in order to establish new tranches in respect of Extended Loans and Extended Commitments and such amendments as permitted by clause (c) below as may be necessary or appropriate in the reasonable opinion of the Borrower, in consultation with the Administrative Agent, in connection with the establishment of such new tranches of Loans. This Section 2.18 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.15 or 11.01 to the contrary. Except as otherwise set forth in an Extension Offer, there will be no conditions to the effectiveness of an Extension Amendment. Extensions will not constitute a voluntary or mandatory payment or prepayment for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (c)	 Terms of Extension Offers and Extension Amendments . The terms of any Extended Loans and Extended Commitments will be set forth in an Extension Offer and as agreed between the Borrower and the Extending Lenders accepting such Extension Offer; provided that: 
 (i)	the final maturity date of such Extended Loans and Extended Commitments will be no earlier than the Latest Maturity Date applicable to the Loans and/or Commitments subject to such Extension Offer; 
 (ii)	the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any Extended Loans that are Term Loans will be no shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Term Loans subject to such Extension Offer; 
 (iii)	any Extended Loans that are Term Loans may participate on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a pro rata basis) in any mandatory repayments or prepayments of Term Loans other than any repayment of such Extended Loans at maturity or with the proceeds of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness; and 
 (iv)	the covenants and events of default applicable to the Extended Loans and/or Extended Commitments are (A) substantially identical to, or, taken as a whole, no more favorable to the lenders or holders providing such Extended Loans and/or Extended Commitments than, those applicable to the Loans and/or Commitments subject to such Extension Offer, as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in its reasonable judgment (except (1) for covenants applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loans at the time of incurrence and (2) any term or condition to the extent such term or condition is also added for the benefit of the Lenders under the Term Loans) or (B) solely to the extent that any terms and conditions applicable to any such Extended Loans and/or Extended Commitments are not the same as, or substantially similar to, those then applicable to the Term Loans, shall otherwise reflect customary market terms and conditions at the time of such incurrence, including with respect to high yield debt securities to the extent applicable, as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in its reasonable judgment provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least four Business Days (or such shorter period 

as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior to the incurrence of such Extended Loans and/or Extended Commitments together with a reasonably detailed description of the material covenants and events of default of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirement of this clause (iv) shall be conclusive evidence that such material covenants and events of default satisfy such requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such four Business Day (or shorter) period that it disagrees with such determination (including a description of the basis upon which it disagrees)); provided that this clause (iii) will not apply to (w) terms addressed in the preceding clauses (i) through (iii), (x) interest rate, rate floors, fees, funding discounts and other pricing terms, (y) redemption, prepayment or other premiums, and (z) optional prepayment or redemption terms; provided further that the Borrower will promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent final copies of the definitive credit documentation relating to such Indebtedness (unless the Borrower is bound by a confidentiality obligation with respect thereto, in which case the Borrower will deliver a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness in lieu thereof). 
 Any Extended Loans will constitute a separate tranche of Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans from the Term Loans and/or Revolving Loans held by Lenders that did not accept the applicable Extension Offer. 
 (d)	 Extension of Revolving Commitments . In the case of any Extension of Revolving Commitments and/or Revolving Loans, the following shall apply: 
 (i)	all borrowings and all prepayments of Revolving Loans shall continue to be made on a ratable basis among all Revolving Lenders, based on the relative amounts of their Revolving Commitments, until the repayment of the Revolving Loans attributable to the non-extended Revolving Commitments on the relevant Maturity Date; 
 (ii)	the allocation of the participation exposure with respect to any then-existing or subsequently issued or made Letter of Credit or Swing Line Loan as between the Revolving Commitments of such new tranche and the remaining Revolving Commitments shall be made on a ratable basis in accordance with the relative amounts thereof until the Maturity Date relating to such non-extended Revolving Commitments has occurred; 
 (iii)	no termination of extended Revolving Commitments and no repayment of extended Revolving Loans accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction in extended Revolving Commitments shall be permitted unless such termination or repayment (and corresponding reduction) is accompanied by at least a pro rata termination or permanent repayment (and corresponding pro rata permanent reduction), as applicable, of each other tranche of Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments (or each other tranche of Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans shall have otherwise been terminated and repaid in full); 
 (iv)	the Maturity Date with respect to the Revolving Commitments may not be extended without the prior written consent of each Issuing Bank and the Swing Line Lender; and 
 (v)	at no time shall there be more than five different tranches of Revolving Commitments. 
 If the Total Utilization of Revolving Commitments exceeds the Revolving Commitment as a result of the occurrence of the Maturity Date with respect to any tranche of Revolving Commitments while an extended tranche of Revolving Commitments remains outstanding, the Borrower shall make such payments as are necessary in order to eliminate such excess on such Maturity Date. 

(e)	 Required Consents . No consent of any Lender or any other Person will be required to effectuate any Extension, other than the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), the Borrower and the applicable Extending Lender. The transactions contemplated by this Section 2.18 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Loans on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Offer) will not require the consent of any other Lender or any other Person, and the requirements of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Section 2.18 will not apply to any of the transactions effected pursuant to this Section 2.18 . 
 SECTION 2.19	 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a)	 Defaulting Lender Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 
 (i)	 Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article IX or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.09 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to each Issuing Bank and the Swing Line Lender hereunder; third , to Cash Collateralize each Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to outstanding Letters of Credit (in an amount equal to 103 of the maximum face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit) or the Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.19(d) ; fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a Cash Collateral Account and released pro rata in order to (A) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (B) Cash Collateralize each Issuing Bank s (in an amount equal to 103 of the maximum face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit) or the Swing Line Lender s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans, as applicable, issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.19(d) ; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or the Swing Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (1) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or Reimbursement Obligations in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (2) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (or, in the case of Delayed Draw Commitments and Delayed Draw Term Loans, Section 4.03 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and Reimbursement Obligations owed to, all 

Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or Reimbursement Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the applicable Commitments without giving effect to Section 2.19(a)(iii) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.19(a)(i) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (ii)	 Certain Fees . 
 (A)	No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee pursuant to Section 2.11(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender); provided such Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive fees pursuant to Section 2.11(b)(ii) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Pro Rata Share of the Stated Amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.04 . 
 (B)	With respect to any fees not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) above, the Borrower shall (1) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iii) below, (2) pay to each Issuing Bank the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (3) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 (iii)	 Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that (A) the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (B) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Commitment. Subject to Section 11.25 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (iv)	 Cash Collateral . If the reallocation described in clause (iii) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under law, Cash Collateralize Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure (in an amount equal to 103 of the maximum face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.04 . 
 (b)	 Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Swing Line Lender and each Issuing Bank agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative 

Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the applicable Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.04 whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 (c)	 New Swing Line Loans/Letters of Credit . So long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swing Line Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Line Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swing Line Loan and (ii) no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend or amend any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 
 (d)	 Cash Collateral . At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender and Section 2.19(a)(iv) is applicable, within one Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) or the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall Cash Collateralize the applicable Issuing Bank s Fronting Exposure or the Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure, as the case may be, with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 2.04 and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. 
 (i)	 Grant of Security Interest . The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Banks and the Lenders (including the Swing Line Lender), and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such Cash Collateral as security for the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans, to be applied pursuant to clause (ii) below. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that the Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks or the Lenders as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (after giving effect to any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). 
 (ii)	 Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, (A) Cash Collateral provided under this Section 2.19 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender s obligation to fund participations in respect of Letters of Credit (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein and (B) Cash Collateral provided under this Section 2.19 in respect of Swing Line Loans shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Defaulting Lender s obligations to fund participations in respect of Swing Line Loans (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 

(iii)	 Termination of Requirement . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce any Issuing Bank s or the Swing Line Lender s Fronting Exposure shall no longer be required to be held as Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.19 following (A) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender) or (B) the determination by the Administrative Agent, the applicable Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided that, subject to the other provisions of this Section 2.19 , the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, may agree that the Cash Collateral shall be held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations; provided further that to the extent that such Cash Collateral was provided by the Borrower, such Cash Collateral shall remain subject to the security interest granted pursuant to the Loan Documents. 
 (e)	 Hedge Banks . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Lender shall not be a Hedge Bank with respect to any Secured Hedge Agreement entered into while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender. 
 SECTION 2.20	 Currency Equivalents . 
 (a)	The Administrative Agent shall determine the Dollar Amount of each Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency and Letter of Credit Obligation in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency (i) as of the first day of each Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower and (iii) at any time while a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and shall promptly notify the Borrower of each Dollar Amount so determined by it. Each such determination shall be based on the Exchange Rate as of such date. 
 (b)	If after giving effect to any such determination of a Dollar Amount, the sum of the aggregate outstanding amount of the Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies and the Letter of Credit Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies exceeds the aggregate Dollar Amount of Revolving Commitments then in effect, the Borrower shall, within five Business Days of receipt of notice thereof from the Administrative Agent setting forth such calculation in reasonable detail, prepay the applicable Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies under the Revolving Facility or take other action as the Administrative Agent, in its discretion, may direct (including to Cash Collateralize the applicable Letter of Credit Obligations) to the extent necessary to eliminate any such excess. 
 SECTION 2.21	 Judgment Currency . 
 (a)	If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto (and by its acceptance of its appointment in such capacity, each Lead Arranger) agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction, the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. 
 (b)	The obligations of the Borrower in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of the obligations owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency; if the amount of the Agreement Currency 

so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, agrees to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrower contained in this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. 
 SECTION 2.22	 Discontinuance of ICE LIBOR . 
 (a)	Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, regardless of whether ICE LIBOR is operational, reported, published on a synthetic basis or otherwise available in the market as of the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, on and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (a) no Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars shall be available, requested or made hereunder, (b) any request to convert an existing Loan denominated in Dollars to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall be ineffective and (c) any request for a new Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in Dollars, or to continue, renew, extend, reinstate or increase an existing Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in Dollars as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, shall be ineffective. 
 (b)	(i) From and after the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date, any Eurocurrency Rate Loans that are outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (the Existing Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall continue to bear interest at the Eurocurrency Rate until the end of the then-current Interest Period applicable to such Existing Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (ii) in accordance with Section 2.01(b) and Section 2.02(b) , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Committed Loan Notice prior to the end of such current Interest Period requesting a conversion of the Existing Eurocurrency Rate Loans to either SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans; provided that (x) if the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in such Committed Loan Notice or fails to give a timely notice requesting such conversion, then the Existing Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be automatically converted to Base Rate Loans effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the Existing Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (y) if the Borrower requests a conversion to SOFR Loans in such Committed Loan Notice but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 
 ARTICLE III Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality 
 SECTION 3.01	 Taxes . 
 (a)	Except as required by Law, any and all payments by the Borrower or any Guarantor to or for the account of any Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, and all liabilities (including additions to tax, penalties and interest) with respect thereto Taxes ). The following shall be Excluded Taxes : in the case of each Agent, each Lender and Issuing Bank, (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated, and including branch profits and similar Taxes), and franchise or similar Taxes, in each case, that are (A) imposed by the jurisdiction under the laws of which it is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is located, or (B) Other Connection Taxes, (ii) any U.S. federal Tax that is (or would be) required to be withheld with respect to amounts payable hereunder in respect of an Eligible Assignee (pursuant to an assignment under Section 11.07 on the date it becomes an assignee to the extent such Tax is in excess of the Tax that would have been applicable had such assigning Lender not assigned its interest arising under any Loan Document (unless such assignment is at the express written request of the Borrower), (iii) U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of a Lender, Agent or Issuing Bank with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (A) such Lender, Agent or Issuing Bank acquires such interest in the 

Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 3.07 or (B) such Lender changes its Lending Office (other than at the written request of the Borrower to change such Lending Office), except in each case to the extent that pursuant to Section 3.01 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable to such Lender s, Agent s or Issuing Bank s assignor immediately before such Lender, Agent or Issuing Bank became a party hereto, or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (iv) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed as a result of the failure of any Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank to comply with the provisions of Sections 3.01(b) , 3.01(c) and 3.01(d) (in the case of any Foreign Lender, as defined below) or the provisions of Section 3.01(e) (in the case of any U.S. Lender, as defined below), and (v) any Taxes imposed on any amount payable to or for the account of any Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank as a result of the failure of such recipient to satisfy the applicable requirements under FATCA to establish that such payment is exempt from withholding under FATCA. If an applicable Withholding Agent is required to deduct any Taxes or Other Taxes (as defined below) from or in respect of any sum payable under any Loan Document to any Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank, (i) except in the case of Excluded Taxes, the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01(a) ), each of such Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall make such deductions, (iii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant taxing authority, and (iv) within thirty days after the date of any such payment by the Borrower or any Guarantor (or, if receipts or evidence are not available within thirty days, as soon as practicable thereafter), the Borrower or applicable Guarantor shall furnish to such Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) the original or a facsimile copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof to the extent such a receipt has been made available to the Borrower or applicable Guarantor (or other evidence of payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). If the Borrower or Guarantor fails to pay any Taxes or Other Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority, then the Borrower or applicable Guarantor shall indemnify such Agent, such Lender and such Issuing Bank for any incremental Taxes that may become payable by such Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank arising out of such failure. 
 (b)	To the extent it is legally able to do so, each Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (including an Eligible Assignee to which a Lender assigns its interest in accordance with Section 11.07 , unless such Eligible Assignee is already a Lender hereunder) that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code (each, a Foreign Lender agrees to complete and deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which the Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), two accurate, complete and signed copies of whichever of the following is applicable: (i) IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E certifying that it is entitled to benefits under an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party; (ii) IRS Form W-8ECI certifying that the income receivable pursuant to any Loan Document is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States; (iii) if the Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10-percent shareholder of the Borrower described in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower within the meaning of Section 864(d) of the Code, a certificate to that effect in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit G (a Non-Bank Certificate and an IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, certifying that the Foreign Lender is not a United States person; (iv) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor forms) of the Foreign Lender, accompanied by, as and to the extent applicable, an IRS Form W-8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E, Form W-8ECI, Non-Bank Certificate, Form W-9, Form W-8IMY (or other successor forms) and any other required supporting information from each beneficial owner (it being understood that a Foreign Lender need not provide certificates or supporting documentation from beneficial owners if (A) the Foreign Lender is a qualified intermediary or withholding foreign partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and (B) such Foreign Lender is as a result able to establish, and does establish, that payments to such Foreign Lender are, to the extent applicable, entitled to 

an exemption from or, if an exemption is not available, a reduction in the rate of, U.S. federal withholding taxes without providing such certificates or supporting documentation); or (v) any other form prescribed by applicable requirements of U.S. federal income tax law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable requirements of law to permit the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 
 (c)	In addition, each such Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, (i) promptly submit to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two accurate, complete and signed copies of such other or additional forms or certificates (or such successor forms or certificates as shall be adopted from time to time by the relevant taxing authorities) as may then be applicable or available to secure an exemption from or reduction in the rate of U.S. federal withholding tax (1) on or before the date that such Foreign Lender s most recently delivered form, certificate or other evidence expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any material respect, (2) after the occurrence of a change in the Foreign Lender s circumstances requiring a change in the most recent form, certificate or evidence previously delivered by it to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (3) from time to time thereafter if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, and (ii) promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any change in the Foreign Lender s circumstances that would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction. This Section 3.01(c) shall not apply to any reporting requirements under FATCA. 
 (d)	If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine whether such Foreign Lender has complied with such Foreign Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this Section 3.01(d) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (e)	Each Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank that is a United States person (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (each, a U.S. Lender agrees to complete and deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two copies of accurate, complete and signed IRS Form W-9 or successor form certifying that such U.S. Lender is not subject to U.S. federal backup withholding tax (i) on or prior to the Closing Date (or on or prior to the date it becomes a party to this Agreement), (ii) on or before the date that such form expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any material respect, (iii) after the occurrence of a change in the U.S. Lender s circumstances requiring a change in the most recent form previously delivered by it to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (iv) from time to time thereafter if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent. 
 (f)	The Borrower agrees to pay any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes and any other excise (in the nature of a documentary or similar tax), property, intangible, filing or mortgage recording taxes or charges or similar levies imposed by any Governmental Authority that arise from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document (including additions to tax, penalties and interest related thereto) excluding, in each case, such amounts that are Other Connection Taxes imposed in connection with an Assignment and Assumption, grant of a participation, transfer or assignment to or designation of a new applicable Lending Office or other office for receiving payments under any Loan 

Document, except to the extent that any such change is requested in writing by the Borrower (all such non-excluded taxes described in this Section 3.01(f) being hereinafter referred to as Other Taxes ). 
 (g)	If any Taxes or Other Taxes are directly asserted against any Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank with respect to any payment received by such Agent or Lender in respect of any Loan Document, such Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank may pay such Taxes or Other Taxes and the Borrower will promptly indemnify and hold harmless such Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank for the full amount of such Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) and Other Taxes (and any Taxes (other than Excluded Taxes) and Other Taxes imposed on amounts payable under this Section 3.01 ), and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted. Payments under this Section 3.01(g) shall be made within ten days after the date the Borrower receives written demand for payment from such Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank. 
 (h)	A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under this Section 3.01 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent or such entitlement to a greater payment results from a change in law that occurs after the Participant acquired the participation. 
 (i)	If any Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank determines, in its sole discretion, exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund in respect of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or any Guarantor, as the case may be, or with respect to which the Borrower or any Guarantor, as the case may be, has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall promptly pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower or any Guarantor under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower or applicable Guarantor, as the case may be, upon the request of such Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower or applicable Guarantor, as the case may be plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to such Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank in the event such Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (i), in no event will such Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank be required to pay any amount to the Borrower or applicable Guarantor pursuant to this paragraph (i) the payment of which would place such Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank in a less favorable net after-tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax or Other Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax or Other Tax had never been paid. Such Agent, such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall provide the Borrower upon request with a copy of any notice of assessment or other evidence reasonably available of the requirement to repay such refund received from the relevant Governmental Authority provided that such Lender, such Agent or Issuing Bank may delete any information therein that such Lender, such Agent or Issuing Bank deems confidential or not relevant to such refund in its reasonable discretion). This subsection shall not be construed to require any Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it reasonably deems confidential) to the Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Person. 
 (j)	Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 3.01(a) or (g) with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the Borrower in writing, use commercially reasonable efforts (subject to legal and regulatory restrictions) to mitigate the effect of any such event, including by designating another Lending Office for any Loan affected by such event and by completing 

and delivering or filing any tax-related forms that such Lender is legally able to deliver and that would reduce or eliminate any amount of Taxes or Other Taxes required to be deducted or withheld or paid by the Borrower; provided that such efforts are made at the Borrower s expense and are on terms that, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, do not cause such Lender or any of its Lending Offices to suffer any economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided further that nothing in this Section 3.01(j) shall affect or postpone any of the Obligations of the Borrower or the rights of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.01(a) or (g) . 
 (k)	Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent may deduct and withhold any taxes required by any Laws (including, for the avoidance of doubt, FATCA) to be deducted and withheld from any payment under any of the Loan Documents, subject to the provisions of this Section 3.01 . 
 (l)	Each Agent or Lender, as applicable, shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten days after demand therefor, for (i) any Taxes attributable to such Agent or Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 11.07(e) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Agent or Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Agent or Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Agent and Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Agent or Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Agent or Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this Section 3.01(l) . 
 (m)	The agreements in this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder and any assignment of rights by, or replacement of, any Lender. 
 SECTION 3.02	 Illegality. If any Lender reasonably determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate or SOFR, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate or SOFR, or, in the case of the Eurocurrency Rate, any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any Alternative Currency in the London interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, as applicable, component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (A) with respect to Borrowings denominated in Dollars, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, and shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay 

or, if applicable, convert all Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, (B) with respect to Borrowings denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurocurrency Rate Loans of such Lender to a Loan bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually acceptable to the Borrower and the applicable Lenders, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans; provided, however , that if the Borrower and the applicable Lenders cannot agree within a reasonable time on an alternative rate for such Loans, the Borrower may, at its discretion, either (x) prepay such Loans or (y) maintain such Loans outstanding, in which case, the interest rate payable to the applicable Lender on such Loans will be the rate determined by the Administrative Agent as its cost of funds to fund a Borrowing of such Loans with maturities comparable to the Interest Period applicable thereto plus the Applicable Margin or (C) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate with respect to any Base Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, as applicable, component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate or SOFR, as applicable. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 SECTION 3.03	 Inability to Determine Rates. If the Required Lenders reasonably determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof that (a) in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, deposits in the applicable Alternative Currency are not being offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, (b) adequate and reasonable means do not exist (i) for determining the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan, (ii) Adjusted Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan or (iii) in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan or (c) (i) the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan or (ii) SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan, in each case, does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (i) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, shall be suspended, and (ii) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, as applicable, the utilization of the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR component, as applicable, in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) with respect Borrowings denominated in Dollars, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) with respect to Borrowings denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and shall convert all such Eurocurrency Rate Loans of such Lender to a Loan 

bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually acceptable to the Borrower and the applicable Lenders; provided, however, that if the Borrower and the applicable Lenders cannot agree within a reasonable time on an alternative rate for such Loans, the Borrower may, at its discretion, either (x) prepay such Loans or (y) maintain such Loans outstanding, in which case, the interest rate payable to the applicable Lender on such Loans will be the rate determined by the Administrative Agent as its cost of funds to fund a Borrowing of such Loans with maturities comparable to the Interest Period applicable thereto plus the Applicable Margin. 
 
 SECTION 3.04	 Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans . 
 (a)	 Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i)	impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender; 
 (ii)	subject any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit or any Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender, Issuing Bank, or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, in respect thereof (except, in each case, for (A) Taxes with respect to which the Borrower is obligated to pay additional amounts or indemnity payments pursuant to Section 3.01 , (B) any taxes and other amounts described in clauses (ii) through (v) of the second sentence of Section 3.01(a) that are imposed with respect to payments to or for the account of any Agent, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender under any Loan Document, (C) Connection Income Taxes, and (D) Other Taxes); or 
 (iii)	impose on any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any participation in a Letter of Credit or Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans made by such Lender or any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender (other than with respect to Taxes) that is not otherwise accounted for in the definition of the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR, as applicable, or this clause (a); 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender of making or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate or SOFR or, in the case of a Change in Law with respect to Taxes, making or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Lender of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such Issuing Bank (whether of principal, interest or any other amount)) then, from time to time within ten days after demand by such Lender or such Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail such increased costs (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent) (provided that such calculation will not in an way require disclosure of confidential or price-sensitive information or any other information the disclosure of which is prohibited by law), the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. No Lender, Issuing Bank or Swing Line Lender shall request that the Borrower pay any additional amount 

pursuant to this Section 3.04(a) unless it shall concurrently make similar requests to other borrowers similarly situated and affected by such Change in Law and from whom such Lender, Issuing Bank or Swing Line Lender is entitled to seek similar amounts. 
 (b)	 Capital Requirements . If any Lender or any Issuing Bank reasonably determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such Issuing Bank or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, regarding liquidity or capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or such Issuing Bank or the Loans made by or Letters of Credit issued by it to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to liquidity or capital adequacy), then from time to time upon demand of such Lender or such Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the charge and the calculation of such reduced rate of return (with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent) (provided that such calculation will not in an way require disclosure of confidential or price-sensitive information or any other information the disclosure of which is prohibited by law), the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
 (c)	 Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or their respective holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten days after receipt thereof. 
 (d)	 Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than one hundred and eighty days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 (e)	 Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans . The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency liabilities or SOFR funds and deposits, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurocurrency Rate Loan and each SOFR Loan, as applicable, equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan made to the Borrower; provided the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice. 
 SECTION 3.05	 Funding Losses . Upon written demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, which demand shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for 

requesting such amount (provided that such calculation will not in an way require disclosure of confidential or price-sensitive information or any other information the disclosure of which is prohibited by law), the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost, liability or expense (excluding loss of anticipated profits or margin) actually incurred by it as a result of: 
 (a)	any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day prior to the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 
 (b)	any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or 
 (c)	any assignment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or SOFR Loan on a day prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.07 ; 
 including any loss or expense (excluding loss of anticipated profits or margin) actually incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender may make any demand under this Section 3.05 (i) with respect to the floor specified in the parenthetical in the first sentence of the definition of Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate, (ii) the Floor with respect to SOFR Loans or (iii) in connection with any prepayment of interest on Term Loans. 
 SECTION 3.06	 Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation . 
 (a)	 Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material economic, legal or regulatory respect. 
 (b)	 Suspension of Lender Obligations . If any Lender requests compensation by the Borrower under Section 3.04 , the Borrower may, by notice to such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), suspend the obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, from one Interest Period to another Interest Period, or to convert Base Rate Loans into Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, until the event or condition giving rise to such request ceases to be in effect (in which case the provisions of Section 3.06(c) shall be applicable); provided that such suspension shall not affect the right of such Lender to receive the compensation so requested. 
 (c)	 Conversion of Eurocurrency Rate Loans and SOFR Loans . If any Lender gives notice to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in Section 3.02 , 3.03 or 3.04 hereof that gave rise to the conversion of such Lender s Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time when Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, made by other Lenders are outstanding, such Lender s Base Rate Loans shall be automatically converted, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding Interest Period(s) for such outstanding Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as 

applicable, to the extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, all Loans of a given Class held by the Lenders of such Class holding Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans, as applicable, and by such Lender are held pro rata (as to principal amounts, interest rate basis, and Interest Periods) in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares. 
 SECTION 3.07	 Replacement of Lenders Under Certain Circumstances . If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 or ceases to make Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans as a result of any condition described in Section 3.02 or Section 3.04 , (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 and such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 3.01(j) , (iii) any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, (iv) any Lender does not accept an Extension Offer, (v) (A) any Lender shall become and continue to be a Defaulting Lender and (B) such Defaulting Lender shall fail to cure the default pursuant to Section 2.19(b) within five Business Days after the Borrower s request that it cure such default, (vi) any Lender becomes a Disqualified Lender or (vii) any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Borrower the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 11.07 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to one or more Eligible Assignees that shall assume such obligations (any of which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: 
 (a)	the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 11.07(b)(iv) ; 
 (b)	such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts payable under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
 (c)	such Lender being replaced pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Lender s Commitment and outstanding Loans and participations in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans, and (ii) deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or Administrative Agent (or a lost or destroyed note indemnity in lieu thereof); provided that the failure of any such Lender to execute an Assignment and Assumption or deliver such Notes shall not render such sale and purchase (and the corresponding assignment) invalid and such assignment shall be recorded in the Register and the Notes shall be deemed to be canceled upon such failure; 
 (d)	the Eligible Assignee shall become a Lender hereunder and the assigning Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to such assigned Loans, Commitments and participations, except with respect to indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to such assigning Lender; 
 (e)	in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 
 (f)	in the case of any such assignment resulting from a Lender being a Non-Consenting Lender, the Eligible Assignee shall consent, at the time of such assignment, to each matter in respect of which such Lender being replaced was a Non-Consenting Lender; and 

(g)	such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above, any Lender that acts as an Issuing Bank may not be replaced hereunder at any time that it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank (including the furnishing of a back-up standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank or the depositing of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank) have been made with respect to each such outstanding Letter of Credit and the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 10.09 . 
 In the event that (i) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent has requested that the Lenders consent to a departure or waiver of any provisions of the Loan Documents or agree to any amendment thereto, (ii) the consent, waiver or amendment in question requires the agreement of each Lender, all affected Lenders or all the Lenders or all affected Lenders with respect to a certain Class or Classes of the Loans and (iii) the Required Lenders, Required Revolving Lenders or Required Facility Lenders, as applicable, have agreed to such consent, waiver or amendment, then any Lender who does not agree to such consent, waiver or amendment shall be deemed a Non-Consenting Lender . 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 SECTION 3.08	 Survival . All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. 
 SECTION 3.09	 Revolving Facility Benchmark Replacement Setting 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, solely with respect to the Revolving Facility: 
 (a)	 [Reserved] . 
 (b)	 Replacing Benchmarks . Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the applicable then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Revolving Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Revolving Lenders. At any time that the administrator of such then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Revolving Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate 

Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of Base Rate based upon such Benchmark will not be used in any determination of Base Rate, if applicable. 
 (c)	 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower) will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 (d)	 Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (ii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Revolving Lender (or group of Revolving Lenders) pursuant to this Section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section. 
 (e)	 Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the applicable then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (ii) the Administrative Agent may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 
 (f)	 Definitions . 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, for purposes of clause (b) of this Section, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for such Available Tenor of such Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by the Relevant Governmental Body, for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the Applicable Currency at such time; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower) decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines (in consultation with the Borrower) that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent 

decides (in consultation with the Borrower) is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions Precedent to Borrowings 
 SECTION 4.01	 Conditions to Initial Borrowing . 
 The obligation of each Lender to extend credit to the Borrower and of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder on the Closing Date is subject to the satisfaction, or due waiver in accordance with Section 11.01 , of each of the following conditions precedent, except as otherwise agreed between the Borrower and the Lenders: 
 (a)	The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals, facsimiles or copies in .pdf format unless otherwise specified: 
 (i)	a Committed Loan Notice duly executed by the Borrower delivered at least one Business Day prior to the Closing Date but which may be conditioned on the consummation of the Transactions; 
 (ii)	this Agreement duly executed by the Borrower and Holdings; 
 (iii)	the Guaranty and the Security Agreement, in each case, duly executed by the Borrower and each other Loan Party, together with: 
 (A)	certificates, if any, representing the Pledged Equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and constituting Collateral, in each case, accompanied by undated stock powers executed in blank; 
 (B)	a Perfection Certificate duly executed by the Borrower on behalf of the Loan Parties; and to the extent required under the Collateral Documents, evidence that all other actions, recordings and filings required shall have been taken, completed or otherwise provided thereunder; 
 (C)	UCC financing statements in proper form for filing with authorization to file all Uniform Commercial Code financing statements in the jurisdiction of organization of each Loan Party. 
 (iv)	the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement duly executed by the Second Lien Collateral Agent and an acknowledgement thereof duly executed by the Loan Parties; 
 (v)	such certificates of good standing from the applicable secretary of state of the state of organization of the Borrower and each other Loan Party, resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of the Borrower and each other Loan Party, evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party or is to be a party on the Closing Date and, in the case of the Borrower, including certification by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower that the conditions specified in clauses (c) , (e) and (f) below have been satisfied; 

(vi)	 an opinion from the following special counsel to the Loan Parties (or certain of the Loan Parties): (A) Latham Watkins LLP, with respect to matters of New York law and certain aspects of California and Delaware law, and (B) Miller, Pitt, Feldman McAnally P.C., with respect to matters of Arizona law; 
 (vii)	a certificate from the chief financial officer or other officer with equivalent duties of the Borrower as to the Solvency (after giving effect to the Transactions on the Closing Date) of the Borrower substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I ; and 
 (viii)	copies of a recent Lien, tax and judgment search in each jurisdiction reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent with respect to the Loan Parties; certified copies of the Second Lien Credit Agreement, Second Lien Security Agreement and Second Lien Guaranty comprising part of the Second Lien Credit Documents. 
 (b)	All fees and expenses required to be paid hereunder on the Closing Date (and all fees and expenses required to be paid under the Engagement Letter and Agency Fee Letter on the Closing Date) and, with respect to expenses and legal fees, to the extent invoiced in reasonable detail at least two Business Days before the Closing Date (except as otherwise reasonably agreed to by the Borrower) shall have been paid in full in cash, it being agreed that such fees and expenses may be paid with the proceeds of the initial funding of one or more of the Facilities. 
 (c)	Confirmation from the Borrower that prior to or substantially simultaneously with the initial Borrowing on the Closing Date, the Closing Date Refinancing, and the funding of the Second Lien Initial Term Loans shall have been or will be consummated. 
 (d)	The Lenders shall have received (a) at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date all documentation and other information about the Loan Parties reasonably requested in writing by them at least ten Business Days prior to the Closing Date in order to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, that in each case has been requested in writing at least ten Business Days prior to the Closing Date, and (b) at least two Business Days prior to the Closing Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification. 
 (e)	The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of the Closing Date; provided that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided , further , that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 
 (f)	As of the Closing Date, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date (immediately prior to giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made) or would result after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. 
 Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 10.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement or funded Loans hereunder shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 

SECTION 4.02	 Conditions to All Borrowings After the Closing Date . Except as set forth in Section 2.16(f) with respect to Incremental Loans or Section 4.03 with respect to Delayed Draw Term Loans, the obligation of each Lender to honor a Committed Loan Notice, of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit and of the Swing Line Lender to make Swing Line Loans, in each case, after the Closing Date, is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
 (a)	The representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing or issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit; provided that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided , further , that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates. 
 (b)	As of the date of such Borrowing or the date of any issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date (immediately prior to giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made) or would result after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. 
 (c)	If applicable, the Administrative Agent shall have received a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof and, if applicable, the applicable Issuing Bank shall have received an Issuance Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Swing Line Loan Request in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 Subject to Section 1.08(f) , each Committed Loan Notice (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to another Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans) and each Issuance Notice submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the condition specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) has been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Borrowing or issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit. 
 SECTION 4.03	 Conditions to All Borrowings of Delayed Draw Term Loans . The obligation of each Lender to honor a Committed Loan Notice with respect to a Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans after the Closing Date is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
 (a)	To the extent that the applicable Delayed Draw Term Loans are to be funded to finance a substantially simultaneous closing of a Permitted Investment and related fees and expenses: 
 (i)	the Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing; provided that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided , further , that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates; and 
 (ii)	as of the date of such Borrowing, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date (immediately prior to giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made) or would result after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. 

(b)	To the extent that the applicable Delayed Draw Term Loans are to be funded for any purpose other than to finance a substantially simultaneous closing of a Permitted Investment and related fees and expenses: 
 (i)	the representations and warranties of the Borrower and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing; provided that, to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; provided, further, that any representation and warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) in all respects on such respective dates; and 
 (ii)	as of the date of such Borrowing, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such date (immediately prior to giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made) or would result after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. 
 (c)	The Administrative Agent shall have received a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
 (d)	The Borrower shall have paid or caused to be paid (or shall pay or cause to be paid substantially concurrently with such Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans) all accrued and unpaid Delayed Draw Ticking Fees and Delayed Draw Upfront Fees with respect to the Delayed Draw Commitments being funded in such Borrowing, together with any fees and expenses due upon such Borrowing. 
 Subject to Section 1.08(f) , each Committed Loan Notice (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to another Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or SOFR Loans) and each Issuance Notice submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the condition specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) (or, in the case of Delayed Draw Commitments and Delayed Draw Term Loans, Section 4.03(a) or (b) , as applicable) has been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Borrowing or issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit. 
 ARTICLE V Representations and Warranties 
 The Borrower represents and warrants each of the following to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, in each case, to the extent and, unless otherwise specifically agreed by the Borrower, only on the dates required by Section 2.16 , 4.01 , 4.02 , or 4.03 , as applicable. 
 SECTION 5.01	 Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws . Each Loan Party and each of its respective Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Material Subsidiary, 
 (a)	is a Person duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (to the extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction); 
 (b)	has all corporate or other organizational power and authority to (i) own its assets and carry on its business as currently conducted and (ii) in the case of the Loan Parties, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party; 

(c)	is duly qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in such jurisdiction) under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification; 
 (d)	is in compliance with all applicable Laws, writs, injunctions and orders; and 
 (e)	has all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to operate its business as currently conducted; 
 except in each case referred to in clause (c) , (d) or (e) , to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.02	 Authorization; No Contravention . 
 (a)	The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is a party has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action. 
 (b)	Neither the execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is a party nor the consummation of the Transactions will, 
 (i)	contravene the terms of any of its Organization Documents; 
 (ii)	result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien upon any of the property or assets of such Loan Party or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (other than as permitted by Section 7.01 under, (A) any Contractual Obligation relating to Indebtedness to which such Loan Party is a party or affecting such Loan Party or the properties of such Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject; 
 (iii)	violate any applicable Law; or 
 (iv)	require any approval of stockholders, members or partners or any approval or consent of any Person under any Contractual Obligation relating to Indebtedness of Holdings or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, except for such approvals or consents which will be obtained on or before the Closing Date; 
 except with respect to any breach, contravention or violation (but not creation of Liens) referred to in clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) , to the extent that such breach, contravention or violation would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.03	 Governmental Authorization . No material approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for, 
 (a)	filings necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties; 
 (b)	the approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings that have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect (except to the extent not required to be obtained, taken, given or made or in full force and effect pursuant to the Collateral Documents); and 

(c)	those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.04	 Binding Effect . This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party hereto and thereto. This Agreement and each other Loan Document constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity and principles of good faith and fair dealing. 
 SECTION 5.05	 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a)	The Annual Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP (as in effect on the Closing Date (or the date of preparation)) consistently applied throughout the periods covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. 
 (b)	Since December 31, 2018, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c)	The forecasts of consolidated balance sheets and statements of comprehensive income (loss) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries which have been furnished to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date, when taken as a whole, have been prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were believed to be reasonable at the time made and at the time the forecasts are delivered, it being understood that (i) no forecasts are to be viewed as facts, (ii) any forecasts are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties or the Sponsor, (iii) no assurance can be given that any particular forecasts will be realized and (iv) actual results may differ and such differences may be material. 
 SECTION 5.06	 Litigation . Except as set forth in Schedule 5.06 , there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, overtly threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.07	 Labor Matters . Except as set forth on Schedule 5.07 or except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect: (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against any of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened and (b) hours worked by and payment made based on hours worked to employees of each of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in material violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Laws dealing with wage and hour matters. 
 SECTION 5.08	 Ownership of Property; Liens . Each Loan Party and each of its respective Restricted Subsidiaries has good and valid record title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all real property necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, free and clear of all Liens except for Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and except where the failure to have such title or other interest would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.08 sets forth all Material Real Property. 

SECTION 5.09	 Environmental Matters . 
 (a)	Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Loan Parties and their respective Restricted Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws (including having obtained all Environmental Permits) and (ii) none of the Loan Parties nor any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to any pending, or to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened Environmental Claim or any other Environmental Liability or is aware of any basis for any Environmental Liability. 
 (b)	None of the Loan Parties nor any of their respective Restricted Subsidiaries has used, released, treated, stored, transported or disposed of Hazardous Materials, at or from any currently or formerly owned or operated real estate or facility relating to its business, in a manner that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 5.10	 Taxes . Except as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries have timely filed all foreign, U.S. federal and state, and other tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have timely paid all foreign, U.S. federal and state, and other taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges (including satisfying their withholding tax obligations) levied or imposed on their properties, income or assets or otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. 
 SECTION 5.11	 ERISA Compliance . 
 (a)	Except as set forth in Schedule 5.11(a) or as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state Laws. 
 (b)	Except, as set forth in Schedule 5.11(b) or, with respect to each of the below clauses of this Section 5.11(b) , as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, 
 (i)	no ERISA Event has occurred within the one-year period prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made; 
 (ii)	no Pension Plan has failed to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Pension Plan; 
 (iii)	neither the Borrower, nor any Subsidiary Guarantor nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 4201 et seq. of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; 
 (iv)	neither the Borrower, nor any Subsidiary Guarantor nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has engaged in a transaction that is subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; and 
 (v)	neither the Borrower, nor any Subsidiary Guarantor nor any ERISA Affiliate has been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or has been determined to be in endangered or 

critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA) and no such Multiemployer Plan is expected to be insolvent or in endangered or critical status. 
 SECTION 5.12	 Subsidiaries . As of the Closing Date, all of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have been validly issued and are fully paid and (if applicable) non-assessable, and all Equity Interests owned by Holdings (in the Borrower), and by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor in any of their respective Subsidiaries are owned free and clear of all Liens of any Person except (a) those Liens created under the Collateral Documents and (b) any Lien that is permitted under Section 7.01 . As of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.12 (i) sets forth the name and jurisdiction of each Subsidiary, (ii) sets forth the ownership interest of Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary in each Subsidiary, including the percentage of such ownership and (iii) identifies each Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary the Equity Interests of which are required to be pledged on the Closing Date pursuant to the Collateral Documents. 
 SECTION 5.13	 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act . 
 (a)	As of the Closing Date, none of the Collateral is Margin Stock. No Loan Party is engaged nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of any Borrowings or issuance of, or drawings under, any Letter of Credit will be used for any purpose that violates Regulation U. 
 (b)	Neither the Borrower nor any Guarantor is an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 SECTION 5.14	 Disclosure . As of the Closing Date, none of the written information and written data heretofore or contemporaneously furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor to any Agent or any Lender on or prior to the Closing Date in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any other Loan Document on or prior to the Closing Date, when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make such written information and written data taken as a whole, in the light of the circumstances under which it was delivered, not materially misleading (after giving effect to all modifications and supplements to such written information and written data, in each case, furnished after the date on which such written information or such written data was originally delivered and prior to the Closing Date); it being understood that for purposes of this Section 5.14 , such written information and written data shall not include projections, pro forma financial information, financial estimates, forecasts and forward-looking information or information of a general economic or general industry nature. 
 SECTION 5.15	 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries own or have a valid right to use, all the Intellectual Property necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as currently conducted, except where the failure to have any such rights, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Borrower, the operation of the respective businesses of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries as currently conducted does not infringe upon, misuse, misappropriate or violate any intellectual property rights held by any Person except for such infringements, misuses, misappropriations or violations individually or in the aggregate, that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any Intellectual Property owned by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 5.16	 Solvency . On the Closing Date after giving effect to the Transactions and on date of funding of any Delayed Draw Term Loans, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent. 
 SECTION 5.17	 USA PATRIOT Act, FCPA and OFAC . 
 (a)	To the extent applicable, each of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries is in compliance, in all material respects, with (a) the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto and (b) the USA PATRIOT Act and other similar anti-money laundering rules and regulations. 
 (b)	Each of Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and their respective officers, directors and employees, and to the Borrower s knowledge, their respective agents, affiliates and representatives, have conducted their businesses in compliance in all material respects with the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions, and Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained policies and procedures appropriate for Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries business designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. The Borrower will not directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit in violation of the FCPA, the UK Bribery Act 2010 or other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 (c)	None of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by any individual or entity that is, (a) the subject or target of any Sanctions, (b) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List or any other Sanctions list, or (c) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The Borrower will not directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly use the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit or otherwise knowingly make available such proceeds to any Person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person that, at the time of such financing, is (a) the subject or target of any Sanctions, (b) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets and the Investment Ban List or any other Sanctions list, or (c) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 5.18	 Collateral Documents . Except as otherwise contemplated hereby or under any other Loan Documents, the provisions of the Collateral Documents, together with such filings and other actions required to be taken hereby or by the applicable Collateral Documents or contemplated by the Collateral Documents (including the delivery to Collateral Agent of any Pledged Debt and any Pledged Equity required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Collateral Documents), are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable perfected Lien (subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01 on all right, title and interest of Holdings, the Borrower and the applicable Subsidiary Guarantors, respectively, in the Collateral described therein. 
 SECTION 5.19	 Use of Proceeds . The Borrower has used the proceeds of the Loans (including the Swing Line Loans) and the Letters of Credit issued hereunder only in compliance (and not in contravention of) applicable Laws and each Loan Document. 

ARTICLE VI Affirmative Covenants 
 So long as the Termination Conditions have not been satisfied, the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , 6.02 and 6.03 cause each of the Restricted Subsidiaries to: 
 SECTION 6.01	 Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution by the Administrative Agent to each Lender each of the following: 
 (a)	 Audited Annual Financial Statements . As soon as available, but in any event within one hundred twenty days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the first fiscal year ending after the Closing Date), a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year together with related notes thereto, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year (if ending after the Closing Date), prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of the Borrower s auditor on the Closing Date or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing or another accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any explanatory statement as to the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern or like qualification or exception (excluding any emphasis of matter paragraph) (other than any such statement, qualification or exception resulting from or relating to (i) an actual or anticipated breach of a Financial Covenant, (ii) an upcoming maturity date or (iii) activities, operations, financial results or liabilities of any Person other than the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries). 
 (b)	 Quarterly Financial Statements . As soon as available, but in any event within sixty days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2019), (i) a condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, (ii) the related condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended and (iii) the related condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the portion of the fiscal year then ended, setting forth, in each case of clauses (ii) and (iii), in comparative form, the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, in each case if ended after the Closing Date, certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in material compliance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 
 (c)	 Budget; Projections . Prior to the consummation of a Qualifying IPO, within ninety days after the end of each fiscal year (commencing with the first fiscal year ending after the Closing Date), a consolidated budget for the following fiscal year on a quarterly basis as customarily prepared by management of the Borrower for its internal use and setting forth the material underlying assumptions based on which such consolidated budget was prepared (including any projected consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of the following fiscal year and the related condensed consolidated statements of projected operations or income (loss) and projected cash flow, in each case, to the extent prepared by management of the Borrower and included in such consolidated budget, which projected financial statements shall be prepared in good faith on the basis of assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation of such projected financial statements). 

(d)	 Unrestricted Subsidiaries . Simultaneously with the delivery of each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and 6.01(b) above, such supplemental financial information (which need not be audited) as is necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such consolidated financial statements. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 6.01 may be satisfied with respect to financial information of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries by furnishing (i) the applicable financial statements of any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower that directly or indirectly holds all of the Equity Interests of the Borrower or (ii) the Borrower s or such entity s Form 10-K or 10-Q, as applicable, filed with the SEC; provided that with respect to each of clauses (i) and (ii), (A) to the extent such information relates to a parent of the Borrower, such information is accompanied by supplemental financial information (which need not be audited) that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to the Borrower (or such parent), on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand and (B) to the extent such information is in lieu of information required to be provided under Section 6.01(a) , such materials are accompanied by a report and opinion of the Borrower s auditor on the Closing Date, any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing or another accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any explanatory statement as to the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern or like qualification or exception (other than any such statement, qualification or exception resulting from or relating to (i) an actual or anticipated breach of a Financial Covenant, (ii) an upcoming maturity date or (iii) activities, operations, financial results or liabilities of any Person other than the Loan Parties and their Restricted Subsidiaries) or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit. 
 Any financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to this Section 6.01 shall not be required to contain purchase accounting adjustments to the extent it is not practicable to include any such adjustments in such financial statements. 
 SECTION 6.02	 Certificates; Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution by the Administrative Agent to each Lender each of the following: 
 (a)	 Compliance Certificate . No later than five days after the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and 6.01(b) , a duly completed Compliance Certificate; provided that if such Compliance Certificate demonstrates a Financial Covenant Event of Default, a notice of an intent to cure (a Notice of Intent to Cure pursuant to Section 8.02 may be delivered along with or prior to delivery of such Compliance Certificate to the extent permitted thereunder. 
 (b)	 SEC Filings . Promptly after the same are publicly available, copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports, proxy statements and registration statements which Holdings or the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary files with the SEC (other than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it became effective, is delivered to the Administrative Agent), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statement on Form S-8), and in any case not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to any other clause of this Section 6.02 ; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in this Section 6.02(b) may be satisfied by as such information being publicly available on the SEC s EDGAR website. 
 (c)	 Unrestricted Subsidiaries . Together with the delivery of a Compliance Certificate with respect to the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a), a list of each Subsidiary of the Borrower that identifies each Subsidiary that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, if any, as of the date of delivery of such 

Compliance Certificate or a confirmation that there is no change in such information since the later of the Closing Date and the date of the last such list. 
 (d)	 Perfection Certificate Supplement . Together with the delivery of a Compliance Certificate with respect to the financial statements referred to in Section 6.01(a) , the information required pursuant to Section II(A) of the Perfection Certificate with respect to any IP Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement) or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the date of the Perfection Certificate or the date of the most recent information delivered pursuant to this Section 6.02(c) . 
 (e)	 Other Information . Such additional information regarding the business operations of any Loan Party or any Material Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary as the Administrative Agent may from time to time on its own behalf or on behalf of the Required Lenders reasonably request, including information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 or Section 6.02 (other than Section 6.02(a) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website addresses listed on Schedule 11.02 , or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (A) upon written request by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for further distribution to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (B) the Borrower shall notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative Agent of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Lead Arrangers will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders may have personnel who do not wish to receive any information with respect to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, that is not Public-Side Information, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Person s securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (i) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (and by doing so shall be deemed to have represented that such information contains only Public-Side Information); (ii) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arrangers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as containing only Public-Side Information provided , however , that to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 11.08 ); (iii) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public-Side Information and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Lead Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public-Side Information. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall be subject to the provisions of Section 11.08 . 

SECTION 6.03	 Notices . Promptly after a Responsible Officer obtains actual knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent for prompt further notification by the Administrative Agent to each Lender of: 
 (a)	the occurrence and continuation of any Default or Event of Default; and 
 (b)	(i) any dispute, litigation, investigation or proceeding between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any arbitrator or Governmental Authority or (ii) the filing or commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, including any Environmental Claims or in respect of Intellectual Property, or (iii) the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, in any such case referred to in clause (i) or (ii), has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (i) that such notice is being delivered pursuant to Section 6.03(a) or (b) (as applicable) and (ii) setting forth a summary description of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall be subject to the provisions of Section 11.08 . 
 SECTION 6.04	 Payment of Certain Taxes . Timely pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy, as the same shall become due and payable, all obligations and liabilities in respect of taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its property, except, in each case, to the extent (a) any such tax, assessment, charge or levy is being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions diligently conducted and for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP or (b) the failure to pay or discharge the same would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 6.05	 Preservation of Existence, Etc. 
 (a)	Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization; and 
 (b)	take all reasonable action to obtain, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect those of its rights (including with respect to Intellectual Property), licenses, permits, privileges, and franchises, that are material to the conduct of its business; 
 except in the case of clause (a) or (b), (i) in connection with a transaction permitted by the Loan Documents (including transactions permitted by Section 7.04 or Section 7.05 or (ii) to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, resulted in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 6.06	 Maintenance of Properties . Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment used in the operation of its business in good working order, repair and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted and casualty or condemnation excepted) except to the extent the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, resulted in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 6.07	 Maintenance of Insurance . 
 (a)	Maintain with insurance companies that the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment of its management) are financially sound and reputable at the time the relevant coverage is placed or renewed 

or with a Captive Insurance Subsidiary, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance) as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons, and furnish to the Lenders, upon reasonable written request from the Administrative Agent, information presented in reasonable detail as to the insurance so carried. 
 (b)	Each such policy of insurance shall as appropriate and is customary and with respect to jurisdictions outside the United States, to the extent available in such jurisdiction, (i) name the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as an additional insured thereunder (with respect to liability insurance) and/or (ii) in the case of property insurance, contain a loss payable clause or endorsement that names the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as the loss payee thereunder (it being understood that, absent an Event of Default, any proceeds of any such insurance shall be delivered by the insurer(s) to Holdings or one of its Subsidiaries and applied in accordance with this Agreement); provided , that, to the extent that the requirements of this Section 6.07 are not satisfied on the Closing Date, the Borrower may satisfy such requirements within ninety days of the Closing Date (as extended by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 SECTION 6.08	 Compliance with Laws . (a) Comply with the requirements of all Laws (including applicable ERISA-related laws and all Environmental Laws) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or to its business or property, except to the extent the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, resulted in a Material Adverse Effect and (b) comply in all material respects with the requirements of USA PATRIOT Act, FCPA, OFAC, UK Bribery Act of 2010 and other anti-terrorism, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering Laws; provided that the requirements set forth in this Section 6.08 , as they pertain to compliance by any Foreign Subsidiary with the USA PATRIOT ACT, FCPA, OFAC and UK Bribery Act of 2010 are subject to and limited by any Law applicable to such Foreign Subsidiary in its relevant local jurisdiction; provided further that it being agreed that a material breach of the FCPA or the UK Bribery Act of 2010 will be deemed to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 6.09	 Books and Records . Maintain proper books of record and account in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects shall be made of all material financial transactions and material matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be (it being understood and agreed that Foreign Subsidiaries may maintain individual books and records in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in their respective countries of organization or operations and that such maintenance shall not constitute a breach of the representations, warranties or covenants hereunder). 
 SECTION 6.10	 Inspection Rights . Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial, and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants (subject to such accountants policies and procedures), all at the reasonable expense of the Borrower and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided that, (a) excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default, only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise rights of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders under this Section 6.10 and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than two times during any calendar year absent the continuation of an Event of Default and only one such time shall be at the Borrower s expense and (b) when an Event of Default is continuing, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable 

advance notice. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrower s independent public accountants. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall be subject to the provisions of Section 11.08 . 
 SECTION 6.11	 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security . At the Borrower s expense, subject to any applicable limitation in any Collateral Document (including Section 6.12 ), take the following actions: 
 (a)	within ninety days of the occurrence of any Grant Event (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), 
 (i)	cause the Restricted Subsidiary subject of the Grant Event to execute the Guaranty (or a joinder thereto); 
 (ii)	cause the Restricted Subsidiary subject of the Grant Event to duly execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent a Security Agreement Supplement and any applicable Intellectual Property Security Agreements with respect to its registered and applied for intellectual property; 
 (iii)	cause the Restricted Subsidiary subject of the Grant Event (and any parent of such Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party) to (x) deliver any and all certificates representing Equity Interests (to the extent certificated) that are required to be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, accompanied by undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed in blank (or any other documents customary under local law), the Global Intercompany Notes and all other instruments evidencing Indebtedness held by such Restricted Subsidiary and required to be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, endorsed in blank, to the Collateral Agent and (y) if such Restricted Subsidiary is a Foreign Subsidiary, deliver such additional security documents and enter into additional collateral arrangements in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Subsidiary reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 
 (iv)	upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, take and cause the Restricted Subsidiary and each direct or indirect parent of such Restricted Subsidiary subject of the Grant Event to take such customary actions as may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any representative of the Collateral Agent designated by it) perfected Liens (subject to Liens permitted under Section 7.01 in the Equity Interests of such Restricted Subsidiary and the personal property and fixtures of such Restricted Subsidiary to the extent required by the Security Agreement or the other Collateral Documents, enforceable against all third parties in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law); and 
 (v)	upon request of the Administrative Agent, deliver to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of a customary opinion, addressed to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, of counsel for the Loan Parties as to such matters set forth in this Section 6.11(a) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request 
 provided , that actions relating to Liens on real property are governed by Section 6.11(b) and not this Section 6.11(a) . 
 (b)	 Material Real Property . 
 (i)	 Notice . 

(A)	Within ninety days (or, in each case, such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) after the formation, acquisition or designation of a Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) or the occurrence of a Grant Event with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary, the Borrower will, or will cause such Restricted Subsidiary to, furnish to the Collateral Agent a description of any Material Real Property (other than any Excluded Asset) owned by such Restricted Subsidiary in reasonable detail. 
 (B)	Within ninety days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) after the acquisition of any Material Real Property by a Loan Party after the Closing Date, the Borrower will furnish to the Collateral Agent a description of such Material Real Property in reasonable detail. 
 (ii)	 Mortgages, etc . The Borrower will, or will cause the applicable Loan Party to, provide the Collateral Agent with a Mortgage with respect to Material Real Property that is the subject of a notice delivered pursuant to Section 6.11(b)(i) , within ninety days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) of the event that triggered the requirement to give such notice, together with: 
 (A)	evidence that counterparts of such Mortgage have been duly executed, acknowledged and delivered and are in a form suitable for filing or recording in all filing or recording offices that the Collateral Agent may deem reasonably necessary or desirable in order to create a valid and subsisting perfected Lien on such Material Real Property in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and that all filing and recording taxes and fees have been paid or are otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; 
 (B)	fully paid Mortgage Policies or signed commitments in respect thereof together with such affidavits, certificates, and instruments of indemnification (including a so-called gap indemnification) as shall be required to induce the title insurance company to issue the Mortgage Policies and endorsements contemplated above and evidence of payment of title insurance premiums and expenses and all recording, mortgage, transfer and stamp taxes and fees payable in connection with recording the Mortgage; 
 (C)	customary opinions of local counsel for such Loan Party in the state in which such Material Real Property is located, with respect to the enforceability of the Mortgage and any related fixture filings and, where the applicable Loan Party granting the Mortgage on said Mortgaged Property is organized, an opinion regarding the due authorization, execution and delivery of such Mortgage, and in each case, such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; 
 (D)	an ALTA survey or existing survey together with a no change affidavit of such Mortgaged Property, sufficient for the title insurance company to remove the standard survey exception and issue related endorsements and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent); and 
 (E)	a Flood Insurance Certificate, provided, however, that in the event any such property is located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) to be located in special flood hazard area, that property shall be excluded and any mortgages thereon shall be released. 

SECTION 6.12	 Further Assurances . Subject to Section 6.11 and any applicable limitations in any Collateral Document, and in each case at the expense of the Borrower, promptly upon the reasonable request by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent or as may be required by applicable Laws (a) correct any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other document or instrument relating to any Collateral and (b) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out more effectively the purposes of the Collateral Documents. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, other than with respect to the Equity Interests and assets of a Foreign Subsidiary that becomes a Loan Party, neither Holdings, the Borrower, nor any Restricted Subsidiary will be required to, nor will the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent be authorized, 
 (a)	to perfect security interests in the Collateral other than by, 
 (i)	filings pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code in the office of the secretary of state (or similar central filing office) of the relevant state(s) and filings in the applicable real estate records with respect to Material Real Property; 
 (ii)	filings in (A) the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect to any U.S. registered patents and trademarks and (B) the United States Copyright Office of the Library of Congress with respect to material copyright registrations, in the case of each of (A) and (B), constituting Collateral; 
 (iii)	mortgages (or local law equivalent) in respect of Material Real Property; and 
 (iv)	delivery to the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent to be held in its possession of all Collateral consisting of (x) certificates representing Pledged Equity, (y) the Global Intercompany Note and (z) all other promissory notes and other instruments constituting Collateral; provided that promissory notes and instruments having an aggregate principal amount equal to 2,500,000 or less need not be delivered to the Collateral Agent; in each case, in the manner provided in the Collateral Documents; 
 (b)	to enter into any control agreement, lockbox or similar arrangement with respect to any deposit account, securities account, commodities account or other bank account, or otherwise perfect a security interest with control; 
 (c)	to take any action (i) outside of the United States with respect to any assets located outside of the United States, (ii) in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or (iii) required by the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction to create, perfect or maintain any security interest or otherwise; 
 (d)	to take any action with respect to perfecting a Lien with respect to letters of credit, letter of credit rights, commercial tort claims, chattel paper or assets subject to a certificate of title or similar statute (in each case, other than the filing of customary all asset UCC-1 financing statements) or to deliver landlord lien waivers, estoppels, bailee letters or collateral access letters, in each case, unless required by the terms of the Security Agreement or the relevant Collateral Document; or 

the Loan Parties shall not be required to perform any period collateral reporting, if any, with any frequency greater than once per fiscal year provided that this clause shall not limit the obligation of the Loan Parties to comply with Section 6.11 ). 
 SECTION 6.13	 Designation of Subsidiaries . The Borrower may at any time designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or designate (or re-designate, as the case may be) any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that: 
 (a)	immediately before and after such designation (or re-designation), no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
 (b)	the Investment resulting from the designation of such Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary as described above is permitted by Section 7.02 ; and 
 (c)	no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless it is also designated as an unrestricted subsidiary under (i) the Second Lien Credit Agreement (and the terms of any Permitted Refinancings of the Indebtedness thereunder) and (ii) the terms of any Incremental Equivalent Debt, Permitted Ratio Debt, Pari Passu Lien Debt and Junior Lien Debt (any Permitted Refinancings thereof). 
 The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Borrower s or its Restricted Subsidiary s (as applicable) Investment therein. The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any Indebtedness and Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time and a return on any Investment by the Borrower in Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the fair market value at the date of such designation of the Borrower s or its Restricted Subsidiary s (as applicable) Investment in such Subsidiary. Except as set forth in this paragraph, no Investment will be deemed to exist or have been made, and no Indebtedness or Liens shall be deemed to have been incurred or exist, by virtue of a Subsidiary becoming an Excluded Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 SECTION 6.14	 Maintenance of Ratings . Use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain (a) a public corporate credit rating or public corporate family rating, as applicable, from any two of S P, Moody s and Fitch, in each case, in respect of the Borrower (but not a specific rating), and (b) a public rating in respect of the Initial Term Loans from any two of S P, Moody s and Fitch (but not a specific rating). 
 SECTION 6.15	 Post-Closing Matters . The Borrower will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, take each of the actions set forth on Schedule 6.15 within the time period prescribed therefor on such schedule (as such time period may be extended by the Administrative Agent). 
 SECTION 6.16	 Use of Proceeds . 
 (a)	The proceeds of the Initial Term Loans, together with the proceeds of the Second Lien Term Loans, will be used on the Closing Date to finance, in part, the Transactions. 
 (b)	The proceeds of Revolving Loans will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including the financing of transactions that are not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement (including Permitted Investments). 

(c)	Letters of Credit will be used by the Borrower for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including supporting transactions not prohibited by the Loan Documents. 
 (d)	With respect to Delayed Draw Term Loans, the Borrower will, at the time of funding thereof, have a good faith expectation to use the proceeds thereof (i) to finance one or more Permitted Investments, (ii) to finance earn-outs related to Permitted Investments and/or (iii) to repay Revolving Loans that were used to fund Permitted Investments and/or earn-outs, in each case together with payment of related fees and expenses (it being understood that the events in clauses (i) and (ii) may or may not close simultaneously with such funding). 
 ARTICLE VII Negative Covenants 
 So long as the Termination Conditions are not satisfied, the Borrower shall not (and, with respect to Section 7.11 only, Holdings shall not), nor shall the Borrower permit any Restricted Subsidiary to: 
 SECTION 7.01	 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, that secures Indebtedness other than the following: 
 (a)	Liens securing obligations in respect of (i) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(a) , including obligations under any Loan Document or (ii) Incremental Equivalent Debt (with the lien priority permitted in such definition and other than to the extent such Indebtedness is only permitted to be incurred as unsecured Indebtedness); 
 (b)	Liens securing obligations in respect of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(b) , including obligations under the Second Lien Credit Documents; 
 (c)	Liens existing on the Closing Date (other than Liens incurred under Sections 7.01(a) and 7.01(b) ); 
 (d)	Liens securing obligations in respect of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(d) , including in respect to Attributable Indebtedness, Capital Lease Obligations, and Indebtedness financing the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement of fixed or capital assets; provided that (i) such Liens attach concurrently with or within two hundred and seventy days after completion of the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement (as applicable) of the property subject to such Liens and (ii) such Liens do not at any time extend to or cover any assets (except for additions and accessions to such assets, replacements and products thereof and customary security deposits) other than the assets subject to, or acquired, constructed, repaired, replaced or improved with the proceeds of such Indebtedness; provided that individual financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender or its affiliates; 
 (e)	Liens in favor of the Borrower or a Loan Party securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 ; 
 (f)	Liens securing Obligations in respect of any Secured Hedge Agreement and other Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.03(f) ; 
 (g)	Liens on assets of Non-Loan Parties and Liens on Excluded Assets; 

(h)	Liens on the Collateral securing obligations in respect of Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt and any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing incurred pursuant to Section 7.03(h) ; provided that any Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or any Permitted Refinancing thereof with Pari Passu Lien Debt, in either case, that is in the form of term loans shall be subject to Section 2.16(h) as if such Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or Permitted Refinancing thereof was Incremental Term Loans; 
 (i)	Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Sections 7.03(j) ; 
 (j)	(i) Liens existing on property at the time of (and not in contemplation of) its acquisition or existing on the property of any Person or on Equity Interests of any Person, in each case, at the time such Person becomes (and not in contemplation of such Person becoming) a Restricted Subsidiary (other than by designation as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.14 ), in each case after the Closing Date; provided that (A) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or property (other than the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired property of such acquired Restricted Subsidiary covered by an applicable grant clause) and (B) the Indebtedness secured thereby is permitted under Section 7.03(d) or (l) , (ii) Liens on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement relating to an Investment and (iii) Liens incurred in connection with escrow arrangements or other agreements relating to an acquisition or Investment permitted hereunder; 
 (k)	Liens (i) on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or (ii) consisting of an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien; 
 (l)	(i) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, health, disability or employee benefits, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or similar legislation or regulation or other insurance-related obligations (including in respect of deductibles, self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto) and (ii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiaries; 
 (m)	(i) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto and (ii) Liens on cash securing obligations to insurance companies with respect to insurable liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (n)	deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (o)	Liens on the Securitization Assets arising in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing; 
 (p)	Liens in respect of the cash collateralization of letters of credit; 

(q)	Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 or 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on the items in the course of collection, (ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts or other commodities brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes and (iii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of setoff) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry; 
 (r)	Liens securing Cash Management Obligations permitted by Section 7.03 ; 
 (s)	Liens that are customary contractual rights of setoff (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or other deposit-taking financial institutions in the ordinary course and not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 
 (t)	statutory or common law Liens of landlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors or other like Liens, or other customary Liens (other than in respect of Indebtedness) in favor of landlords, so long as, in each case, such Liens arise in the ordinary course of business that secure amounts not overdue for a period of more than sixty days or, if more than sixty days overdue, are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce such Lien or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; 
 (u)	any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor or secured by a lessor s, sublessor s, licensor s or sublicensor s interest under leases or licenses entered into by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries as lessee or licensee in the ordinary course of business; 
 (v)	ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are located; 
 (w)	any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any real property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
 (x)	deposits of cash with the owner or lessor of premises leased and operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and such Subsidiary to secure the performance of the Borrower s or such Subsidiary s obligations under the terms of the lease for such premises; 
 (y)	Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than sixty days or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions diligently conducted and for which appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP or for property taxes on property the Borrower or its Subsidiaries has decided to abandon if the sole recourse for such tax, assessment or charge is to such property; 
 (z)	easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning restrictions), encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and title defects affecting real property that, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and its 

Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the use of the property for its intended purpose, and any other exceptions to title on the Mortgage Policies provided in accordance with this Agreement; 
 (aa)	Liens arising from judgments or orders for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 9.01(g) ; 
 (bb)	leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business (or other agreement under which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has granted rights to end users to access and use the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s products, technologies, facilities or services) which do not interfere in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
 (cc)	Liens (i) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business and (ii) on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds thereof of any Person securing such Person s obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or documentary letters of credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or such other goods in the ordinary course of business; 
 (dd)	Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 
 (ee)	Liens imposed by law or incurred pursuant to customary reservations or retentions of title (including contractual Liens in favor of sellers and suppliers of goods) incurred in the ordinary course of business for sums not constituting borrowed money that are not overdue for a period of more than sixty days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriated proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP (if so required); 
 (ff)	Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements under Section 7.02 and reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; 
 (gg)	Liens on cash and Cash Equivalents earmarked to be used to satisfy or discharge Indebtedness where such satisfaction or discharge of such Indebtedness is not otherwise prohibited; 
 (hh)	purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or similar public filings; 
 (ii)	the modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any Lien permitted by this Section 7.01 ; provided that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (A) after-acquired property covered by any applicable grant clause or financed by Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03(d) and (B) proceeds and products thereof and (ii) the renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 7.03 ; 
 (jj)	Liens securing: 
 (i)	a Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness; provided that: 

(A)	such Indebtedness was permitted by Section 7.03 and was secured by a Lien permitted by Section 7.01 ; 
 (B)	such Permitted Refinancing is permitted by Section 7.03 ; 
 (C)	the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and proceeds and products thereof; 
 (D)	such modification, replacement, renewal or extension is subject to the limitations under clause (d)(iii)(B) of the definition of Permitted Refinancing; and 
 (E)	such Permitted Refinancing shall be secured by no greater priority in relation to the Obligations than the Indebtedness being refinanced; and 
 (ii)	Guarantees and other obligations permitted by Sections 7.03(w) and (y) to the extent that the underlying Indebtedness subject to such Guarantee is permitted to be secured by a Lien; provided that the Indebtedness referenced in such Sections was otherwise permitted to be secured by a Lien pursuant to another subsection of this Section 7.01 ; 
 (kk)	Liens securing Pari Passu Lien Debt and/or Junior Lien Debt; provided that: 
 (i)	after giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, 
 (A)	if such Indebtedness is Pari Passu Lien Debt, then the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio measured as of the date of initial attachment of such Lien shall be no greater than (1) the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio or (2) the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence, or 
 (B)	if such Indebtedness is Junior Lien Debt, either (1) the Total Net Leverage Ratio measured as of the date of incurrence of such Indebtedness (or revolving commitments) shall be no greater than (x) the Closing Date Total Net Leverage Ratio or (y) the Total Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence or (2) the Interest Coverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period is equal to or greater than (x) 2.00 to 1.00 or (y) the Interest Coverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence; and 
 (ii)	such Liens (other than with respect to purchase money and similar obligations) are, in each case, subject to an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement or Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable; and 
 (ll)	Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount as of the date such Indebtedness is incurred, not to exceed the sum of (i) the greater of (A) 50 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 50 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination, in each case determined as of the date such Indebtedness is incurred and (ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Fixed Incremental Amount pursuant to Section 7.03(y)(ii ). 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.01 , in the event that any Lien (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories set forth above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, at the time of incurrence, divide, classify or reclassify, or at any later time divide, classify or reclassify, such Lien (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant on the date such Lien is incurred or such later time, as applicable; provided that all Liens created pursuant to (x) the 

Loan Documents or (y) the Second Lien Credit Documents on the Closing Date (including, in the case of clause (x), any such Liens securing the Delayed Draw Term Loans) will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance on the exception in clause (a) or (b) above, respectively, and shall not be permitted to be reclassified pursuant to this paragraph. 
 Any Lien incurred in compliance with this Section 7.01 after the Closing Date that is intended to be contractually secured on a pari passu basis with the Obligations will be subject to an Equal Priority Intercreditor Agreement, and any Lien incurred in compliance with this Section 7.01 on or after the Closing Date that is intended to be contractually secured on a junior basis will be subject to the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement or a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 
 SECTION 7.02	 Investments . Make or hold any Investments, except: 
 (a)	Investments, 
 (i)	by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; and 
 (ii)	by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in a Person, if as a result of such Investment (A) such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or (B) such Person is merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (b)	Investments existing on the Closing Date or made pursuant to legally binding written contracts in existence on the Closing Date and any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension of any of the foregoing; provided that the amount of any Investment permitted pursuant to this Section 7.02(b) is not increased from the amount of such Investment on the Closing Date except pursuant to the terms of such Investment as of the Closing Date or as otherwise permitted by another clause of this Section 7.02 ; 
 (c)	the purchase or other acquisition by the Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower (in one transaction or a series of transactions, including by merger or otherwise) of property and assets or businesses of any Person or of assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of any Person or Equity Interests in a Person that, upon the consummation thereof, will be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower (including as a result of a merger or consolidation) or, in the case of a purchase or acquisition of assets (other than Equity Interests), will be owned by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided that with respect to each purchase or other acquisition made pursuant to this Section 7.02(c) (each, a Permitted Acquisition immediately before and immediately after giving Pro Forma Effect to any such purchase or other acquisition, no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
 (d)	Investments (i) held by a Restricted Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of a Person merged or consolidated into the Borrower or merged or consolidated with a Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that, in each case, such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation and (ii) by Unrestricted Subsidiaries entered into (or committed to be made) prior to the date such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 6.13 to the extent that such Investments were not made (or committed to be made) in contemplation of, or in connection with, such designation and were in existence (or committed to be made) on the date of such designation; 
 (e)	Investments that do not exceed in the aggregate at any time outstanding the sum of: 

(i)	the greater of (A) 75 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 75 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination, and 
 (ii)	the Available Amount at such time; provided that no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom (except to the extent such Investment is funded exclusively in reliance on clauses (c) and/or (d) of the definition of Available Amount); 
 provided that, if any Investment pursuant to this clause (e) is made in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary on the date of such Investment (prior to giving effect thereto) and such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, the Investment initially made in such Person pursuant to this clause (e) shall thereupon be deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 7.02(a)(i) and to not have been made pursuant to this clause (e) ; 
 (f)	Investments, so long as the First Lien Leverage Ratio (after giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence of such Investment and the use of proceeds thereof) for the Test Period immediately preceding the making of such Investment shall be less than or equal to the Closing Date First Lien Leverage Ratio less 0.25 to 1.00; 
 (g)	Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries that do not exceed in the aggregate at any time outstanding the greater of (i) 25 of Closing Date EBITDA and (ii) 25 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination; 
 (h)	Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made solely with Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) or the proceeds from the issuance thereof; 
 (i)	Joint Venture Investments; 
 (j)	loans and advances to Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) in lieu of, and not in excess of the amount of (after giving effect to any other loans, advances or Restricted Payments in respect thereof) Restricted Payments to the extent permitted to be made to Holdings (or such direct or indirect parent) in accordance with Section 7.06(f) or (g) ; 
 (k)	loans or advances to officers, directors and employees of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof), the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (i)	for reasonable and customary business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes; 
 (ii)	in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof); provided that, to the extent such loans or advances are made in cash, the amount of such loans and advances used to acquire such Equity Interests shall be contributed to Holdings in cash; and 
 (iii)	for any other purpose; provided that the aggregate principal amount outstanding under this clause (iii) shall not exceed the greater of (A) 10 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 10 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination; 
 (l)	Investments in Hedge Agreements; 

(m)	promissory notes and other non-cash consideration that is permitted to be received in connection with Dispositions; 
 (n)	Investments held by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in assets that are cash or Cash Equivalents or were Cash Equivalents when made; 
 (o)	Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors and other credits to suppliers in the ordinary course of business; 
 (p)	Investments consisting of Liens, Indebtedness (including Guarantees), fundamental changes, Dispositions and Restricted Payments permitted under Sections 7.01 , 7.03 , 7.04 (other than clause (f) thereof), 7.05 (other than clause (e) thereof) and 7.06 (other than clauses (d) and (g)(iv) thereof), respectively; 
 (q)	Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practices; 
 (r)	Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) (i) received in connection with the bankruptcy, workout, recapitalization or reorganization of, or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, the issuer of such Investment or an Affiliate thereof, (ii) arising in the ordinary course of business or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default, (iii) in satisfaction of judgments against other Persons and (iv) as a result of the settlement, compromise or resolutions of litigation, arbitration or other disputes with Persons who are not Affiliates; 
 (s)	advances of payroll payments to employees in the ordinary course of business; 
 (t)	Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, material, services or equipment or the licensing or contribution of intellectual property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons; 
 (u)	Investments made in the ordinary course of business in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contracts and loans or advances made to distributors in the ordinary course of business; 
 (v)	Guarantees by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries of leases (other than Capitalized Leases) or of other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (w)	(i) Investments in a Securitization Subsidiary or any Investment by a Securitization Subsidiary in any other Person in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing; provided , however , that any such Investment in a Securitization Subsidiary is of Securitization Assets or equity, and (ii) distributions or payments of Securitization Fees and purchases of Securitization Assets pursuant to a Securitization Repurchase Obligation in connection with a Qualified Securitization Financing; 
 (x)	Investments made by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party with the cash or other assets received by it pursuant to a substantially concurrent Investment made in such Subsidiary that was permitted by this Section 7.02 ; provided that this clause (x) shall not be used for Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries; and 

(y)	Investments in Similar Businesses that do not exceed in the aggregate at any time outstanding the greater of (i) 50 of Closing Date EBITDA and (ii) 50 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination; provided that, if any Investment pursuant to this clause (y) is made in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary on the date of such Investment (prior to giving effect thereto) and such Person subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, the Investment initially made in such Person pursuant to this clause (y) shall thereupon be deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 7.02(a)(i) and to not have been made pursuant to this clause (y) . 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.02 , in the event that any Investment (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories set forth above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, at the time such Investment is made, divide, classify or reclassify, or at any later time divide, classify or reclassify, such Investment (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant on the date such Investment is made or such later time, as applicable. 
 The amount of any non-cash Investments will be the fair market value thereof at the time made. To the extent any Investment in any Person is made in compliance with this Section 7.02 in reliance on a category above that is subject to a Dollar-denominated restriction on the making of Investments and, subsequently, such Person returns to the Borrower, any other Loan Party or, to the extent applicable, any Restricted Subsidiary all or any portion of such Investment (in the form of a dividend, distribution, liquidation or otherwise but excluding intercompany Indebtedness), such return shall be deemed to be credited to the Dollar-denominated category against which the Investment is then charged (but in any event not in an amount that would result in the aggregate dollar amount able to be invested in reliance on such category to exceed such Dollar-denominated restriction). To the extent the category subject to a Dollar-denominated restriction is also subject to a percentage of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA restriction which, at the date of determination, produces a numerical restriction that is greater than such Dollar amount, then such Dollar equivalent shall be deemed to be substituted in lieu of the corresponding Dollar amount in the foregoing sentence for purposes of determining such credit. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with any Dollar-denominated (or percentage of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, if greater) restriction on the making of Investments, the Dollar equivalent amount of the Investment denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Investment was made. 
 SECTION 7.03	 Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness or issue any Disqualified Equity Interest, other than: 
 (a)	Indebtedness under the Loan Documents (including Incremental Loans and Extended Loans); 
 (b)	Indebtedness of the Loan Parties in respect of (i) the Second Lien Initial Term Loans incurred on the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 225,000,000, (ii) Second Lien Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof), (iii) any incremental facility permitted under the Second Lien Credit Agreement in accordance with Section 2.16 thereof as such section (including any defined terms used therein) is in effect on the date hereof (including any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof) and (iv) any Permitted Refinancing in respect of any of the foregoing; provided that, in each case, if such Indebtedness is secured by Liens on assets constituting Collateral such Liens are junior in priority to the Liens on such Collateral that secure the Obligations or is unsecured provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (A) such Indebtedness may be unsecured and (B) any Incremental Equivalent Debt (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof) incurred as Senior Priority Lien Debt (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof) may 

independently be incurred as an Incremental Facility pursuant to Section 7.03(a) or Incremental Equivalent Debt pursuant to Section 7.03(i) ); 
 (c)	(i) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness under the Second Lien Credit Documents) and any Permitted Refinancing thereof and (ii) intercompany Indebtedness of Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary outstanding on the Closing Date; 
 (d)	(i) (A) Attributable Indebtedness relating to any transaction, (B) Indebtedness (including Capitalized Leases) of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries financing the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement of fixed or capital assets, whether through the direct purchase of assets or the Equity Interests of any Person owning such assets, so long as such Indebtedness is incurred concurrently with, or within two-hundred and seventy days after, the applicable acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement and (C) Indebtedness arising from the conversion of obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary under or pursuant to any synthetic lease transactions to Indebtedness of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary; provided that the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness at any one time outstanding incurred pursuant to this clause (d) shall not exceed the greater of (I) 50 of Closing Date EBITDA and (II) 50 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination, in each case determined at the time of incurrence, and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing of any Indebtedness incurred under Section 7.03(d)(i) ; provided, further , Attributable Indebtedness incurred in connection with a Sale Leaseback Transaction shall not be subject to the previous proviso if the proceeds thereof are used to prepay Loans or other Indebtedness secured by a Lien on the assets subject to such Sale Leaseback Transaction; provided further that for the purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.03(d) , any lease that is treated under GAAP as an operating lease at the time such lease is executed but is subsequently treated under GAAP as a Capitalized Lease as the result of a change in GAAP (or interpretations thereof) after the Closing Date shall not be treated as Indebtedness; 
 (e)	Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries owing to the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (f)	Indebtedness in respect of (i) Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements and (ii) Hedge Agreements designed to hedge against Holdings , the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s exposure to interest rates, foreign exchange rates or commodities pricing risks, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes and Guarantees thereof; 
 (g)	(i) Indebtedness incurred by a Non-Loan Party which, when aggregated with the principal amount of all other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (g) and then outstanding, does not exceed the greater of (A) 25 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 25 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination and (ii) Indebtedness of Loan Parties that is recourse only to Excluded Assets; 
 (h)	Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing thereof; 
 (i)	Incremental Equivalent Debt and any Permitted Refinancing thereof; 
 (j)	Permitted Ratio Debt and any Permitted Refinancing thereof; 
 (k)	Contribution Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing thereof; 
 (l)	Indebtedness, 

(i)	of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date pursuant to an Investment permitted hereunder, which Indebtedness is existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary and is not incurred in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary that is non-recourse to (and is not assumed by any of) the Borrower, Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Subsidiary of such Person that is a Subsidiary on the date such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date) and is either (A) unsecured or (B) secured only by the assets of such Restricted Subsidiary by Liens permitted under Section 7.01 ; 
 (ii)	of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary assumed in connection with any Permitted Acquisition; provided the amount of debt assumed by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to this clause (l)(ii), when aggregated with the amount of Indebtedness incurred or assumed by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to clause (l)(iii) below does not exceed the greater of (A) 25 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 25 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower on a Pro Forma Basis in each case determined at the time of incurrence; 
 (iii)	of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred or assumed in connection with any permitted Investment (other than pursuant to Section 7.02(p) ); provided the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness incurred or assumed by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors, at any time outstanding pursuant to this clause (l)(iii) does not exceed, when aggregated with all Indebtedness assumed by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to clause (l)(ii) above, the greater of (A) 25 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 25 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower on a Pro Forma Basis, in each case determined at the time of incurrence; and 
 (iv)	any Permitted Refinancing of the foregoing; 
 provided that, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses (ii) through (iv), immediately after giving effect to the incurrence or assumption of such Indebtedness and such other transactions contemplated in such clauses, either (I) the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be equal to or greater than 2.00 to 1.00 or the Interest Coverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence or assumption of such Indebtedness or (II) the Total Net Leverage Ratio shall be no greater than the Closing Date Total Net Leverage Ratio or the Total Net Leverage Ratio immediately prior to such incurrence or assumption of such Indebtedness; in the case of each of clauses (I) and (II), after giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof and measured as of and for the Test Period immediately preceding the incurrence or assumption of such Indebtedness for which financial statements are available; 
 (m)	Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition, any other Investment expressly permitted hereunder (other than pursuant to Section 7.02(p) or any Disposition, in each case to the extent constituting indemnification obligations or obligations in respect of purchase price (including earn-outs) or other similar adjustments; 
 (n)	Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (o)	Indebtedness consisting of obligations of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries under deferred compensation or other similar arrangements with employees incurred by such Person in connection with the Transactions and Permitted Acquisitions or any other Investment expressly permitted hereunder (other than pursuant to Section 7.02(p) ); 

(p)	Indebtedness to current or former officers, directors, managers, consultants, and employees, their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) permitted by Section 7.06 ; 
 (q)	Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances, warehouse receipts or similar instruments issued or created in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims; 
 (r)	Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 (s)	obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments related thereto, in each case, in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices; 
 (t)	Indebtedness incurred by a Securitization Subsidiary in a Qualified Securitization Financing that is not recourse (except for Standard Securitization Undertakings) to the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries; 
 (u)	(i) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit issued for the account of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary so long as (A) such Indebtedness is unsecured and (B) the aggregate face amount of such letters of credit does not exceed the greater of (I) 10 of Closing Date EBITDA and (II) 10 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, in each case determined at the time of issuance of such letter of credit and (ii) Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit that are fully cash collateralized; 
 (v)	(i) Obligations in respect of Cash Management Obligations and (ii) other Indebtedness in respect of netting services, automatic clearinghouse arrangements, overdraft protections, employee credit card programs and other cash management and similar arrangements, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), incurred in the ordinary course of business and any Guarantees thereof; 
 (w)	Guarantees by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries otherwise permitted hereunder; provided that (A) no Guarantee by any Restricted Subsidiary of any Junior Financing shall be permitted unless such Restricted Subsidiary shall have also provided a Guarantee of the Obligations substantially on the terms set forth in the Guaranty, (B) if the Indebtedness being Guaranteed is subordinated to the Obligations, such Guarantee shall be subordinated to the Guaranty on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the subordination terms with respect to such Indebtedness and (C) any Guarantee by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor of Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor is permitted under Section 7.02 (other than Section 7.02(p) ); 
 (x)	Indebtedness incurred on behalf of, or representing Guarantees of Indebtedness of, any Joint Ventures in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the greater of (i) 25 of Closing Date EBITDA and (ii) 25 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination, in each case determined at the time of incurrence, and any Permitted Refinancing of the foregoing; 

(y)	Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed the sum of (i) the greater of (A) 75 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 75 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination, in each case determined at the time of incurrence and (ii) the Fixed Incremental Amount, and any Permitted Refinancing of the foregoing; and 
 (z)	all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in clauses (a) through (y) above. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.03 , in the event that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories set forth above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, at the time of incurrence, divide, classify or reclassify, or at any later time divide, classify or reclassify, such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant on the date such Indebtedness is incurred or such later time, as applicable; provided that all Indebtedness created pursuant to (i) the Loan Documents or (ii) the Second Lien Credit Documents on the Closing Date (including, in the case of clause (i), any Delayed Draw Term Loans) will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance on the exception in clauses (a) or (b), respectively, above and will not be permitted to be reclassified pursuant to this paragraph. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with any Dollar-denominated (or percentage of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, if greater) restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed or first incurred (whichever yields the lower Dollar equivalent), in the case of revolving credit debt; provided that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated (or percentage of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, if greater) restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such Dollar-denominated (or percentage of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, if greater) restriction will be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, commissions and expenses in connection therewith). 
 The accrual of interest and the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness shall not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness for purposes of this Section 7.03 . The principal amount of any non-interest bearing Indebtedness or other discount security constituting Indebtedness at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Borrower dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 SECTION 7.04	 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate or amalgamate with or into another Person, or effect a Division, except that: 
 (a)	Holdings or any Restricted Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with the Borrower (including a merger, the purpose of which is to reorganize the Borrower into a new jurisdiction); provided that: 
 (i)	the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person; 
 (ii)	such merger or consolidation does not result in the Borrower ceasing to be organized under the Laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; and 

(iii)	in the case of a merger or consolidation of Holdings with and into the Borrower, (A) no Event of Default shall exist at such time or after giving effect to such merger or consolidation, (B) after giving effect to such merger or consolidation, the direct parent of the Borrower shall expressly assume all the obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (C) such direct parent of the Borrower shall concurrently become a Guarantor and pledge 100 of the Equity Interest of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent as Collateral to secure the Obligations in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 
 (b)	any Restricted Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with or into any other Restricted Subsidiary or liquidate or dissolve; 
 (c)	any merger the purpose of which is to reincorporate or reorganize a Restricted Subsidiary in another jurisdiction shall be permitted; 
 (d)	any Restricted Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders, provided (i) no Event of Default shall result therefrom and (ii) the surviving Person (or the Person who receives the assets of such dissolving or liquidated Restricted Subsidiary) shall be a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (e)	so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom, the Borrower may merge or consolidate with any other Person; provided that: 
 (i)	the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation; or 
 (ii)	if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger or consolidation is not the Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Borrower ); 
 (A)	the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 (B)	the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume all the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 
 (C)	each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have by a supplement to the Guaranty confirmed that its Guarantee of the Obligations shall apply to the Successor Borrower s obligations under this Agreement; 
 (D)	each Loan Party, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have by a supplement to the Security Agreement confirmed that its obligations thereunder shall apply to the Successor Borrower s obligations under this Agreement; 
 (E)	if requested by the Collateral Agent, each mortgagor of a Mortgaged Property, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have by an amendment to or restatement of the applicable Mortgage (or other instrument reasonably satisfactory to 

the Collateral Agent) confirmed that its obligations thereunder shall apply to the Successor Borrower s obligations under this Agreement; and 
 (F)	the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officer s certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that such merger or consolidation and such supplement to this Agreement or any Collateral Document comply with this Agreement, and, with respect to such opinion of counsel only, including customary organization, due execution, no conflicts and enforceability opinions to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; 
 it being agreed that if the foregoing are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement; 
 (f)	any Restricted Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with any other Person in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 (other than Section 7.02(p) ); 
 (g)	any Loan Party or any Restricted Subsidiary may conduct a Division that produces two or more surviving or resulting Persons; provided that 
 (i)	if a Division is conducted by the Borrower, then each surviving or resulting Person shall constitute a Borrower for all purposes of the Loan Documents (unless the Administrative Agent otherwise consents in its reasonable discretion) and shall remain jointly and severally liable for all Obligations (other than Excluded Swap Obligations, where applicable) of the Borrower immediately prior to such Division and otherwise comply with Section 7.04(e) ; 
 (ii)	if a Division is conducted by Holdings, then all of the Equity Interests of the Borrower must be owned by only one Person that survives or results from such Division, and such Person owning such Equity Interests in the Borrower shall otherwise comply with Section 7.11(b)(ii) , become a Guarantor and pledge 100 of the Equity Interests of the Borrower to the Collateral Agent; and 
 (iii)	if a Division is conducted by a Loan Party other than the Borrower or Holdings, then each surviving or resulting Person of such Division shall also be a Loan Party unless and to the extent any such surviving or resulting Loan Party is the subject of a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.05 (other than Section 7.05(e) or otherwise would constitute an Excluded Subsidiary; provided , further that such surviving or resulting Person not becoming a Loan Party and the assets and property of such surviving or resulting Person not becoming Collateral shall, in each case, be treated as an Investment and shall be permitted under this Section 7.04(h)(iii) solely to the extent permitted under Section 7.02 ; 
 (h)	as long as no Default exists or would result therefrom, a merger, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation or Disposition, the purpose of which is to effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.05 (other than Section 7.05(e) ). 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event of any merger, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation, amalgamation or Division of any Loan Party or a Restricted Subsidiary effected in accordance with this Section 7.04 , the Borrower shall or shall cause, with respect to each surviving Restricted Subsidiary (or new direct parent entity) (x) promptly deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent for further distribution by the Administrative Agent to each Lender (1) such information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in order to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, 

including the USA PATRIOT Act and (2) a Beneficial Ownership Certification and (y) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to perfect or continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Collateral Documents in accordance with Section 6.11 and as promptly as practicable. 
 SECTION 7.05	 Dispositions . Make any Disposition, except: 
 (a)	Dispositions of obsolete, damaged, worn out, used or surplus property (including for purposes of recycling), whether now owned or hereafter acquired and Dispositions of property of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries that is no longer used or useful in the conduct of the business or economically practicable or commercially desirable to maintain; 
 (b)	Dispositions of property in the ordinary course of business; 
 (c)	Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; provided that to the extent the property being transferred constitutes Collateral such replacement property shall constitute Collateral; 
 (d)	Dispositions of property to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (e)	Dispositions permitted by Section 7.02 (other than Section 7.02(p) ), Section 7.04 (other Section 7.04(h) and Section 7.06 (other than Section 7.06(d) and Liens permitted by Section 7.01 (other than Section 7.01(k)(ii) ); 
 (f)	Dispositions of property pursuant to Sale Leaseback Transactions; provided that (i) no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom (other than any such Disposition made pursuant to a legally binding commitment entered into at a time when no Event of Default exists) and (ii) such Disposition shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition; 
 (g)	Dispositions of Cash Equivalents; provided , that such Disposition shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition; 
 (h)	leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the provision of software under an open source license), which do not materially interfere with the business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided , that such Disposition shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition; 
 (i)	Dispositions of property subject to Casualty Events upon receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds of such Casualty Event; 
 (j)	Dispositions; provided that: 
 (i)	at the time of such Disposition (other than any such Disposition made pursuant to a legally binding commitment entered into at a time when no Default exists), no Default shall exist or would result from such Disposition; 
 (ii)	with respect to any Disposition pursuant to this clause (j) for a purchase price in excess of 15,000,000, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall receive not less 

than 75 of such consideration in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents; provided , however , that for the purposes of this clause (ii) each of the following shall be deemed to be cash; 
 (A)	any liabilities (as shown on the Borrower s or such Restricted Subsidiary s most recent balance sheet provided hereunder or in the footnotes thereto) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the payment in cash of the Obligations, that are assumed by the transferee with respect to the applicable Disposition and for which the Borrower and all of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall have been validly released by all applicable creditors in writing; 
 (B)	any securities received by such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by such Borrower or Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Cash Equivalents (to the extent of the cash or Cash Equivalents received) within one hundred and eighty days following the closing of the applicable Disposition; and 
 (C)	any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (C) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess of the greater of (I) 20 of Closing Date EBITDA and (II) 20 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination, with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value; and 
 (iii)	such Disposition shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition 
 (this clause (j), the General Asset Sale Basket ); 
 (k)	Dispositions of Investments in Joint Ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between, the Joint Venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements; 
 (l)	Dispositions or discounts of accounts receivable and related assets in connection with the collection, compromise or factoring thereof; 
 (m)	Dispositions (including issuances or sales) of Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness owing to, or of other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 
 (n)	Dispositions to the extent of any exchange of like property (excluding any boot thereon permitted by such provision) for use in any business conducted by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code (or comparable or successor provision); 
 (o)	Dispositions in connection with the unwinding of any Hedge Agreement; 
 (p)	Dispositions by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of assets in connection with the closing or sale of a facility in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, which consist of fee or leasehold interests in the premises of such facility, the equipment and fixtures located at such premises and the books and records relating exclusively and directly to the operations of such facility; provided that as to each and all such sales and closings, (i) no Event of Default shall result therefrom 

and (ii) such sale shall be on commercially reasonable prices and terms in a bona fide arm s-length transaction; 
 (q)	Dispositions (including bulk sales) of the inventory of a Loan Party not in the ordinary course of business in connection with facility closings, at arm s length; 
 (r)	Disposition of Securitization Assets to a Securitization Subsidiary, provided , that such Disposition shall be for no less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such Disposition; 
 (s)	the lapse, abandonment or discontinuance of the use or maintenance of any Intellectual Property if previously determined by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in its reasonable business judgment that such lapse, abandonment or discontinuance is desirable in the conduct of its business; 
 (t)	Disposition of any property or asset with a fair market value not to exceed with respect to any transaction the greater of (i) 10 of Closing Date EBITDA and (ii) 10 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of measurement; 
 (u)	Disposition of assets acquired in a Permitted Acquisition or other Investment permitted hereunder that the Borrower determines will not be used or useful in the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; and 
 (v)	Dispositions of Excluded Assets by Non-Loan Parties and Dispositions of Excluded Assets by Loan Parties for fair market value. 
 To the extent any Collateral is Disposed of as expressly permitted by this Section 7.05 to any Person other than a Loan Party, such Collateral shall be sold free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, upon the certification by the Borrower that such Disposition is permitted by this Agreement, and without limiting the provisions of Section 10.11 the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to, and shall, take any actions reasonably requested by the Borrower in order to effect the foregoing (and the Lenders hereby authorize and direct the Administrative Agent to conclusively rely on any such certification by the Borrower in performing its obligations under this sentence). 
 SECTION 7.06	 Restricted Payments . Declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except: 
 (a)	each Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to the Borrower and to any other Restricted Subsidiaries (and, in the case of a Restricted Payment by a non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary, to the Borrower or any such other Restricted Subsidiaries and to each other owner of Equity Interests of such Restricted Subsidiary ratably according to their relative ownership interests of the relevant class of Equity Interests); 
 (b)	the Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the form of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests not otherwise permitted to be incurred under Section 7.03 of such Person; 
 (c)	Restricted Payments made on the Closing Date to consummate the Transactions, including the Specified Dividend; 
 (d)	to the extent constituting Restricted Payments, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may enter into and consummate transactions expressly permitted by any provision of Section 7.02 (other than 

Section 7.02(p) ), 7.04 (other than a merger or consolidation involving the Borrower) or 7.08 (other than Section 7.08(a ), (j) or (k) ); 
 (e)	repurchases of Equity Interests in Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants or similar rights if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants or similar rights; 
 (f)	the Borrower may pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow Holdings or any direct or indirect parent thereof to pay) for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Equity Interests of Holdings (or of any direct or indirect parent thereof) held by any future, present or former employee, director, consultant or distributor (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributees of any of the foregoing) of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) or any of its Subsidiaries upon the death, disability, retirement or termination of employment of any such Person or otherwise pursuant to any employee or director equity plan, employee or director stock option or profits interest plan or any other employee or director benefit plan or any agreement (including any separation, stock subscription, shareholder or partnership agreement) with any employee, director, consultant or distributor of the Borrower (or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower) or any of its Subsidiaries; provided , the aggregate Restricted Payments made pursuant to this Section 7.06(f) after the Closing Date together with the aggregate amount of loans and advances to Holdings made pursuant to Section 7.02(j) in lieu of Restricted Payments permitted by this clause (f) shall not exceed: 
 (i)	 10,000,000 in any calendar year, with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to succeeding calendar years; plus 
 (ii)	an amount not to exceed the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date; plus 
 (iii)	to the extent contributed in cash to the common Equity Interests of the Borrower and Not Otherwise Applied, the proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests of Holdings or any direct or indirect parent thereof, in each case to employees, directors, consultants or distributor of the Borrower, a direct or indirect parent thereof, or its Subsidiaries that occurs after the Closing Date; plus 
 (iv)	the amount of any cash bonuses or other compensation otherwise payable to any future, present or former director, employee, consultant or distributor of the Borrower, a direct or indirect parent thereof, or its Subsidiaries that are foregone in return for the receipt of Equity Interests of Holdings or a direct or indirect equity holder thereof, Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; plus 
 (v)	payments made in respect of withholding or other similar taxes payable upon repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement of Equity Interests of Holdings or its Subsidiaries or otherwise pursuant to any employee or director equity plan, employee or director stock option or profits interest plan or any other employee or director benefit plan or any agreement; 
 (g)	the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings or to any direct or indirect parent of Holdings: 
 (i)	the proceeds of which will be used to pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow any direct or indirect corporate parent (or entity treated as a corporation for tax purposes) thereof to pay) the tax liability (including estimated tax payments) to each foreign, federal, state or local jurisdiction in respect of which a tax return is filed by Holdings (or such direct or indirect corporate 

parent) that includes the Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries (including in the case where the Borrower and any Subsidiary is a disregarded entity for income tax purposes), to the extent such tax liability does not exceed the lesser of (A) the taxes (including estimated tax payments) that would have been payable by the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries as a stand-alone tax group (assuming that the Borrower was classified as a corporation for income tax purposes) and (B) the actual tax liability (including estimated tax payments) of Holdings tax group (or, if Holdings is not the parent of the actual group, the taxes that would have been paid by Holdings (assuming that Holdings was classified as a corporation for income tax purposes), the Borrower and/or the Borrower s Subsidiaries as a stand-alone tax group), reduced in the case of clauses (A) and (B) by any such taxes paid or to be paid directly by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries; provided that in the case of any such distributions attributable to tax liability in respect of income of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, the Borrower shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Unrestricted Subsidiary (or another Unrestricted Subsidiary) to make cash distributions to the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount that the Borrower determines in its reasonable discretion is necessary to pay such tax liability on behalf of such Unrestricted Subsidiary; 
 (ii)	the proceeds of which will be used to pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow any direct or indirect parent thereof to pay) operating costs and expenses (including, following the consummation of a Qualifying IPO, Public Company Costs) of Holdings or its direct or indirect parents thereof which do not own other Subsidiaries besides Holdings, its Subsidiaries and any other direct or indirect parents of Holdings incurred in the ordinary course of business and other corporate overhead costs and expenses (including administrative, legal, accounting and similar expenses provided by third parties), which are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business, attributable to the ownership or operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; 
 (iii)	the proceeds of which will be used to pay franchise taxes and other fees, taxes and expenses required to maintain its (or any of such direct or indirect parent s) corporate or legal existence; 
 (iv)	to finance any Investment permitted to be made pursuant to Section 7.02 ; provided that (A) such Restricted Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such Investment and (B) Holdings and the Borrower shall, immediately following the closing thereof, cause (1) all property acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests) to be contributed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (which shall be a Restricted Subsidiary to the extent required by Section 7.02 or (2) the merger (to the extent permitted in Section 7.04 of the Person formed or acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in order to consummate such Investment; 
 (v)	the proceeds of which shall be used to pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow any direct or indirect parent thereof to pay) costs, fees and expenses (other than to Affiliates) related to any successful or unsuccessful equity or debt offering permitted by this Agreement; and 
 (vi)	the proceeds of which (A) will be used to pay customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to officers and employees of Holdings or any direct or indirect parent company of Holdings to the extent such salaries, bonuses and other benefits are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (B) will be used to make payments permitted under Sections 7.08(e) , (h) , (k) and (q) (but only to the extent such payments have not been and are not expected to be made by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary); 
 (h)	the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries may pay cash in lieu of fractional Equity Interests in connection with any dividend, split or combination thereof or any Permitted Acquisition; 

(i)	the declaration and payment of dividends on the Borrower s common stock following the first public offering of the Borrower s common stock or the common stock of any of its direct or indirect parents after the Closing Date, of up to the greater of (A) 6 per annum of the net proceeds received by or contributed to the Borrower in or from any such public offering, other than public offerings with respect to the Borrower s common stock registered on Form S-4 or Form S-8 and (B) an amount equal to 6 of the Market Capitalization at the time of such public offering (it being understood that any dividends permitted to be declared pursuant to this clause (i) may be paid to the extent such payment is permitted under Section 7.08(r) ); 
 (j)	repurchases of Equity Interests (i) deemed to occur on the exercise of options by the delivery of Equity Interests in satisfaction of the exercise price of such options or (ii) in consideration of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any future, present or former employee, director, manager or consultant (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributees of any of the foregoing), including deemed repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options or the vesting of any equity awards; 
 (k)	Restricted Payments to Holdings or to any direct or indirect parent of Holdings of Equity Interests in, Indebtedness owing to and/or other securities of, any Unrestricted Subsidiaries permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiaries the principal assets of which consist primarily of cash or Cash Equivalents received from an Investment by the Borrower and/or any Restricted Subsidiary); 
 (l)	payments or distributions to satisfy dissenters rights pursuant to a merger, consolidation or transfer of assets that complies with Section 7.04 or 7.13(b) ; 
 (m)	payments or distributions of a Restricted Payment within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof if at the date of declaration such Restricted Payment would have been permitted hereunder; 
 (n)	Restricted Payments; provided that the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (after giving Pro Forma Effect to such Restricted Payment) would be less than or equal to the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 0.75 to 1.00; and 
 (o)	the Borrower may make Restricted Payments (the proceeds of which may be utilized by Holdings to make additional Restricted Payments) in an aggregate amount not to exceed the sum of, 
 (i)	the greater of (A) 50 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 50 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of determination, and 
 (ii)	the Available Amount at such time; 
 provided , in each case, that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom (except to the extent such Restricted Payment is funded exclusively in reliance on clauses (c) and/or (d) of the definition of Available Amount). 
 The amount set forth in Section 7.06(o)(i) may, in lieu of Restricted Payments, be utilized by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to (i) make or hold any Investments without regard to Section 7.02 or (ii) prepay, repay redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof any Junior Financing without regard to Section 7.10(a) . 

For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.06 , in the event that any Restricted Payment (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories set forth above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, at the time of such Restricted Payment is made, divide, classify or reclassify, or at any later time divide, classify, or reclassify, such Restricted Payment (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant on the date such Restricted Payment is made or such later time, as applicable. 
 SECTION 7.07	 Change in Nature of Business . Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business or any other activities that are reasonably similar, corollary, ancillary, incidental, synergistic, complementary or related to, or a reasonable extension, development or expansion of, the businesses conducted or proposed to be conducted by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date. 
 SECTION 7.08	 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, other than: 
 (a)	transactions between or among the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or any entity that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction; 
 (b)	transactions on terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate (as determined by the Borrower in good faith); 
 (c)	the Transactions and the payment of fees and expenses (including the Transaction Expenses) related to the Transactions on or about the Closing Date to the extent such fees and expenses are disclosed to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date; 
 (d)	the issuance or transfer of Equity Interests of Holdings or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings to any Affiliate of the Borrower or any former, current or future officer, director, manager, employee or consultant (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributees of any of the foregoing) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of the Borrower; 
 (e)	(i) the payment of indemnities and expenses (including reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses) to the Sponsors pursuant to the Sponsor Management Agreement and (ii) so long as no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the payment of (A) management, consulting, monitoring, advisory and other fees, indemnities and expenses to the Sponsors pursuant to the Sponsor Management Agreement plus any unpaid management, consulting, monitoring, advisory and other fees accrued in any prior year) and (B) any Sponsor Termination Fees pursuant to the Sponsor Management Agreement; provided that payments that would otherwise be permitted to be made under this Section 7.08(e) but for a Specified Event of Default may accrue during the continuance of such Event of Default and be paid when such Event of Default is no longer continuing; 
 (f)	employment and severance arrangements and confidentiality agreements among Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees in the ordinary course of business and transactions pursuant to stock option, profits interest and other equity plans and employee benefit plans and arrangements; 

(g)	the licensing of trademarks, copyrights or other Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of business to permit the commercial exploitation of Intellectual Property between or among Affiliates and Subsidiaries of the Borrower; 
 (h)	the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, officers, employees and consultants of Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings in the ordinary course of business to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries; 
 (i)	any agreement, instrument or arrangement as in effect as of the Closing Date or any amendment thereto (so long as any such amendment is not adverse to the Lenders in any material respect as compared to the applicable agreement as in effect on the Closing Date); 
 (j)	 Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.06 and Investments permitted under Section 7.02 ; 
 (k)	so long as no Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, customary payments by the Borrower and any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to the Sponsors made for any financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities (including in connection with acquisitions or divestitures), which payments are approved by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Holdings in good faith or a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of Holdings in good faith; provided that payments that would otherwise be permitted to be made under this Section 7.08(k) but for a Specified Event of Default may accrue during the continuance of such Event of Default and be paid when such Event of Default is no longer continuing; 
 (l)	transactions in which the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Administrative Agent a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or meets the requirements of clause (b) of this Section 7.08 (without giving effect to the parenthetical phrase at the end thereof); 
 (m)	any transaction with consideration valued at less than the greater of (a) 10 of Closing Date EBITDA and (b) 10 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA as of the applicable date of measurement; 
 (n)	investments by the Sponsor in securities of Holdings or Indebtedness of Holdings, Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries so long as the investment is being offered generally to other investors on the same or more favorable terms; 
 (o)	payments to or from, and transactions with, Joint Ventures; 
 (p)	any Disposition of Securitization Assets or related assets in connection with any Qualified Securitization Financing; 
 (q)	the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating to registration rights and indemnities provided to shareholders of Holdings or any direct or indirect parent thereof pursuant to the stockholders agreement or the registration and participation rights agreement entered into on the Closing Date in connection therewith; 

(r)	the payment of any dividend or distribution within sixty days after the date of declaration thereof, if at the date of declaration (i) such payment would have complied with the provisions of this Agreement and (ii) no Event of Default occurred and was continuing; 
 (s)	transactions between the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries and any person, a director of which is also a director of the Borrower or any direct or indirect parent company of the Borrower; provided , however , that (i) such director abstains from voting as a director of the Borrower or such direct or indirect parent company, as the case may be, on any matter involving such other person and (ii) such Person is not an Affiliate of Holdings for any reason other than such director s acting in such capacity; 
 (t)	payments, loans (or cancellation of loans) or advances to employees or consultants that are (i) approved by a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of Holdings or either Borrower in good faith, (ii) made in compliance with applicable law and (iii) otherwise permitted under this Agreement; and 
 (u)	transactions (i) with Holdings in its capacity as a party to any Loan Document or to any agreement, document or instrument governing or relating to (A) any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 7.03 (including Permitted Refinancings thereof) or (B) or any agreement, document or instrument governing or relating to any Permitted Acquisition (whether or not consummated) and (ii) with any Affiliate in its capacity as a Lender party to any Loan Document or party to any agreement, document or instrument governing or relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 7.03 (including Permitted Refinancings thereof) to the extent such Affiliate is being treated no more favorably than all other Lenders or lenders thereunder; 
 SECTION 7.09	 Burdensome Agreements . Enter into or permit to exist any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan Document) that prohibits, restricts, imposes any condition on or limits the ability of, 
 (a)	any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to make Restricted Payments to (directly or indirectly) or to make or repay loans or advances to any Loan Party, or 
 (b)	(x) any Loan Party (other than Holdings) to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist Liens on property of such Person for the benefit of the Lenders with respect to the Facility and the Obligations under the Loan Documents and (y) any Loan Party from providing a Guarantee of Obligations of a Loan Party under the Loan Documents; 
 provided that the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) shall not apply to Contractual Obligations that: 
 (i)	(A) exist on the Closing Date and (B) to the extent Contractual Obligations permitted by clause (A) are set forth in an agreement evidencing Indebtedness, are set forth in any agreement evidencing any permitted modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of such Indebtedness so long as such modification, replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing does not expand the scope of such Contractual Obligation; 
 (ii)	are binding on a Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary first becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, so long as such Contractual Obligations were not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (iii)	are Contractual Obligations of or represent Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, provided that such Indebtedness is permitted by Section 7.03 ; 

(iv)	are customary restrictions that arise in connection with (A) any Lien permitted by Section 7.01(a) , (b) , (d) , (f) , (g) , (h) , (i) , (j) , (k) , (p) , (q) , (r) , (s)(i) , (s)(ii) , (dd) , (ee) , (gg) , (jj) or (kk) , and relate to the property subject to such Lien or (B) any Disposition permitted by Section 7.05 applicable pending such Disposition solely to the assets (including Equity Interests) subject to such Disposition; 
 (v)	are customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to Joint Ventures permitted under Section 7.02 and applicable solely to such Joint Venture entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (vi)	are negative pledges and restrictions on Liens in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 but solely to the extent any negative pledge relates to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof; 
 (vii)	are customary restrictions on leases, subleases, licenses or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such restrictions relate to the assets subject thereto; 
 (viii)	comprise restrictions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 7.03(d) , (f) , (g) , (r)(i) or (v) to the extent that such restrictions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness; 
 (ix)	are customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (x)	are customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (xi)	are restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 (xii)	arise in connection with cash or other deposits permitted under Section 7.01 ; 
 (xiii)	comprise restrictions that are, taken as a whole, in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, no more restrictive with respect to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary than customary market terms for Indebtedness of such type (and, in any event, are no more restrictive than the restrictions contained in this Agreement), or that the Borrower shall have determined in good faith will not affect its obligation or ability to make any payments required hereunder; 
 (xiv)	apply by reason of any applicable Law, rule, regulation or order or are required by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (xv)	customary restrictions contained in Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 7.03 (h) , (i) , (j), (k) , (l) , (m), (x) or (y) ; or 
 (xvi)	are restrictions contained in the Second Lien Credit Documents and any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing. 

SECTION 7.10	 Prepayments, Etc. of Junior Financing; Amendments to Junior Financing Documents and Organizational Documents . 
 (a)	 Prepayments of Junior Financing . Prepay, repay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior to the scheduled maturity thereof any Junior Financing, except: 
 (i)	the refinancing thereof with the Net Cash Proceeds of, or in exchange for, any Permitted Refinancing; 
 (ii)	the conversion of any Junior Financing to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Holdings or any of its direct or indirect parents that are not Loan Parties; 
 (iii)	the prepayment of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owed to Holdings, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (iv)	the prepayment, repayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or satisfaction of any Junior Financing with the proceeds of (1) any other Junior Financing or Junior Lien Debt otherwise permitted to be incurred at such time by Section 7.03 or (2) any Qualified Equity Interests or contribution to the common Equity Interests capital of the Borrower after the Closing Date (other than the Equity Contribution or any Specified Equity Contribution) that is Not Otherwise Applied; provided that such prepayment, repayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or satisfaction is made within 60 days after receipt of such proceeds of Qualified Equity Interests and no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom; 
 (v)	prepayments, repayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances or satisfactions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the sum of: 
 (A)	the greater of (A) 50 of Closing Date EBITDA and (B) 50 of TTM Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of the Borrower on a Pro Forma Basis as of the applicable date of determination, and 
 (B)	the Available Amount at such time; provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom (except to the extent such prepayment, repayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or satisfaction is funded exclusively in reliance on clauses (c) and/or (d) of the definition of Available Amount); 
 (vi)	the prepayment, repayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or satisfaction of any Junior Financing within 60 days of giving notice thereof if at the date of such notice, such payment would have been permitted hereunder; 
 (vii)	prepayments, repayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances or satisfactions, if the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (after giving Pro Forma Effect to the incurrence of such payments and the use of proceeds thereof) for the Test Period immediately preceding the incurrence of such payments shall be less than or equal to the Closing Date First Lien Net Leverage Ratio less 0.50 to 1.00; and 
 (viii)	prepayments, repayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances or satisfactions made on the Closing Date to consummate the Transactions; 

provided , however , that each of the following shall be permitted: payments of regularly scheduled principal and interest (including default interest and any AHYDO catch-up payment) on Junior Financing, payments of closing and consent fees related to Junior Financing, indemnity and expense reimbursement payments in connection with Junior Financing, and mandatory prepayments, mandatory redemptions and mandatory purchases, in each case pursuant to the terms Junior Financing Documentation. 
 The amount set forth in Section 7.10(a)(v)(A) may, in lieu of prepayments, repayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasance or satisfaction of any Junior Financing, be utilized by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to make or hold any Investments without regard to Section 7.02 . 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 7.10(a) , in the event that any prepayment, repayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or satisfaction (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories set forth above, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, at the time of such prepayment, repayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or satisfaction is made, divide, classify, or reclassify, or at any later time divide, classify or reclassify, such prepayment, repayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or satisfaction (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant on the date it was made or such later time, as applicable. 
 (b)	 Amendments to Second Lien Credit Agreement and Junior Financing . Amend, modify or change in any manner without the consent of the Administrative Agent, 
 (i)	 the Second Lien Credit Documents in a manner that is (or would be) materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (taken as a whole), or 
 (ii)	any other Junior Financing Documentation in a manner that is (or would be) materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (taken as a whole), 
 in each case, other than as a result of a Permitted Refinancing thereof; provided that, in each case, a certificate of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to such amendment or other modification, together with a reasonably detailed description of such amendment or modification, stating that the Borrower has reasonably determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy such foregoing requirement shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy such foregoing requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a reasonably detailed description of the basis upon which it disagrees). 
 (c)	 Amendments to Organizational Documents . Amend, modify or change its certificate or articles of incorporation (including by the filing or modification of any certificate or articles of designation), certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement or by-laws (or the equivalent organizational documents), as applicable, in each case, in any manner materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders (taken as a whole); provided that, in each case, a certificate of the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to such amendment or other modification, together with a reasonably detailed description of such amendment or modification, stating that the Borrower has reasonably determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy such foregoing requirement shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy such foregoing requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a reasonably detailed description of the basis upon which it disagrees). 

SECTION 7.11	 Passive Holding Company . 
 (a)	In the case of Holdings, engage in any active trade or business, it being agreed that the following activities (and activities incidental thereto) will not be prohibited: 
 (i)	its ownership of the Equity Interests of the Borrower; 
 (ii)	the maintenance of its legal existence (including the ability to incur fees, costs and expenses relating to such maintenance); 
 (iii)	the performance of its obligations and payments with respect to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 7.03 , any Qualified Holding Company Debt or any Permitted Refinancing of any of the foregoing; 
 (iv)	any public offering of its common stock or any other issuance of its Equity Interests (including Qualified Equity Interests); 
 (v)	making (i) payments or Restricted Payments to the extent otherwise permitted under this Section 7.11 and (ii) Restricted Payments with any amounts received pursuant to transactions permitted under, and for the purposes contemplated by, Section 7.06 ; 
 (vi)	the incurrence of Qualified Holding Company Debt; 
 (vii)	making contributions to the capital of its Subsidiaries; 
 (viii)	guaranteeing the obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in each case solely to the extent such obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are not prohibited hereunder; 
 (ix)	participating in tax, accounting and other administrative matters as a member of a consolidated, combined or unitary group that includes Holdings and the Borrower; 
 (x)	holding any cash or property received in connection with Restricted Payments made by the Borrower in accordance with Section 7.06 pending application thereof by Holdings; 
 (xi)	providing indemnification to officers and directors; 
 (xii)	making Investments in assets that are Cash Equivalents; and 
 (xiii)	activities incidental to the businesses or activities described in clauses (i) to (xii) of this Section 7.11(a) . 
 (b)	Holdings may not merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidated with or into any other Person; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, as long as no Default exists or would result therefrom, Holdings may merge or consolidate with any other Person if the following conditions are satisfied: 
 (i)	Holdings shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or 
 (ii)	if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation is not Holdings or is a Person into which Holdings has been liquidated, 

(A)	the Successor Holdings shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, 
 (B)	the Successor Holdings shall expressly assume all the obligations of Holdings under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, 
 (C)	the Successor Holdings shall pledge 100 of the Equity Interest of the Borrower to the Collateral Agent as Collateral to secure the Obligations in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and 
 (D)	the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officer s certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that such merger or consolidation and such supplement to this Agreement or any Collateral Document comply with this Agreement and, with respect to such opinion of counsel only, including customary organization, due execution, no conflicts and enforceability opinions to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent; 
 it being agreed that if the foregoing are satisfied, the Successor Holdings will succeed to, and be substituted for, Holdings under this Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event of any merger, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation, amalgamation or Division of Holdings effected in accordance with this Section 7.11 , the Borrower shall or shall cause, with respect to the surviving Person (or new direct parent entity) (x) promptly deliver or cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent for further distribution by the Administrative Agent to each Lender (1) such information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in order to comply with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and (2) a Beneficial Ownership Certification and (y) do, execute, acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances and other instruments as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to perfect or continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Collateral Documents as promptly as practicable. 
 ARTICLE VIII Financial Covenant 
 So long as the Termination Conditions have not been satisfied, the Borrower and each of the Restricted Subsidiaries covenant and agree that: 
 SECTION 8.01	 First Lien Net Leverage Ratio . Commencing with the Test Period ending on the last day of the second full fiscal quarter ended after the Closing Date, the Borrower shall not permit the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio on the last day of each Test Period to be greater than 8.25 to 1.00 if the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans and Letters of Credit (but excluding (i) undrawn amounts under any Letters of Credit to the extent Cash Collateralized and (ii) undrawn amounts under any other Letters of Credit in an aggregate face amount of up to 7,500,000) exceeds (or exceeded) 35 of the then outstanding Revolving Commitments in effect on such date. To the extent required to be tested with respect to any Test Period pursuant to the preceding sentence, compliance with this Section 8.01 shall be tested on the date that the Compliance Certificate for the applicable Test Period is delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(a) . 

SECTION 8.02	 Borrower s Right to Cure . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 8.01 , in the event that the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio is greater than the amount set forth in Section 8.01 on the last day of any applicable Test Period, any equity contribution (in the form of (x) common Equity Interests or (y) preferred equity or other equity that is on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) made to the Borrower after the last day of such Test Period and on or prior to the day that is ten Business Days after the day on which financial statements are required to be delivered for such Test Period (such date, the Cure Expiration Date will, at the request of the Borrower, be included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA solely for the purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 8.01 at the end of such Test Period and any subsequent period that includes a fiscal quarter in such Test Period (any such equity contribution, a Specified Equity Contribution ); provided that, 
 (a)	no Revolving Lender shall be required to make any new extension of credit under a Loan Document during the ten Business Day period referred to above if the Borrower has not received the proceeds of such Specified Equity Contribution prior to or concurrently with such extension; 
 (b)	the Borrower shall not be permitted to so request that a Specified Equity Contribution be included in the calculation of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA with respect to any fiscal quarter unless, after giving effect to such requested Specified Equity Contribution, there would be at least two fiscal quarters in the Relevant Four Fiscal Quarter Period in which no Specified Equity Contribution has been made; 
 (c)	no more than five Specified Equity Contributions will be made in the aggregate; 
 (d)	the amount of any Specified Equity Contribution and the use of any proceeds therefrom will be no greater than the amount required to cause the Borrower to be in compliance with Section 8.01 ; 
 (e)	any proceeds of Specified Equity Contributions will be disregarded for all other purposes under the Loan Documents (including calculating Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for purposes of determining basket levels, pricing (including the Applicable Rate and the Applicable Commitment Fee) and other items governed by reference to Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA or any ratio-based basket, and for purposes of the Restricted Payments covenant in Section 7.06 and the other negative covenants); and 
 (f)	there shall be no reduction in Indebtedness pursuant to a cash netting provision with the proceeds of any Specified Equity Contribution for purposes of determining compliance with the financial covenant set forth in Section 8.01 for the fiscal quarter for which such Specified Equity Contribution was made. 
 ARTICLE IX Events of Default and Remedies 
 SECTION 9.01	 Events of Default . Each of the events referred to in clauses (a) through (k) of this Section 9.01 shall constitute an Event of Default : 
 (a)	 Non-Payment . The Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or any fee payable pursuant to the terms of a Loan Document; or 
 (b)	 Specific Covenants . The Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor or, in the case of Section 7.11 , Holdings, fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in, 

(i)	any of Section 6.03(a) , 6.05(a) (solely with respect to the Borrower) or Article VII , or 
 (ii)	 Section 8.01 (any such failure to observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 8.01 and any failure to observe other Financial Covenants contained from time to time in a Loan Document, a Financial Covenant Event of Default ); provided that a Financial Covenant Event of Default shall not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any Term Loans or any other Facility (other than the Revolving Facility incurred on the Closing Date unless such Financial Covenant is, by its terms, applicable to such other Facility) unless and until the date on which the Revolving Lenders have terminated all Revolving Commitments and declared all Revolving Loans to be immediately due and payable in accordance with Section 9.02(b) , and such termination and declaration has not been rescinded (a Financial Covenant Cross Default ); or 
 (c)	 Other Defaults . The Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 9.01(a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty days after receipt by the Borrower of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent; or 
 (d)	 Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed by any Loan Party in any Loan Document, or in any document required to be delivered pursuant to the terms of a Loan Document, shall be untrue in any material respect (or, with respect to any representation, warranty, certification or statement already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, shall be untrue in any respect) when made and, to the extent capable of being cured, such incorrect representation or warranty shall remain incorrect for a period of thirty days after written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower; or 
 (e)	 Cross-Default . The Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor: 
 (i)	fails to make any payment of any principal or interest beyond the applicable grace period, if any, whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise, in respect of its Material Indebtedness, or 
 (ii)	fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any Material Indebtedness, or any other event occurs , the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Material Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity; 
 provided that (A) this clause (e) shall not apply to (1) any Indebtedness under a Loan Document, (2) terminations or similar events with respect to Indebtedness under Hedge Agreements, or (3) any Indebtedness held exclusively by Affiliates, (B) clause (e)(ii) shall not apply (i) to any secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness or (ii) to the failure to observe or perform any covenant that requires compliance with any measurement of financial or operational performance (including any leverage, interest coverage or fixed charge ratio or minimum EBITDA, a Financial Covenant unless and until the holders of such Indebtedness have terminated all commitments (if any) and accelerated all obligations with respect thereto, and (C) clause (e)(ii) shall only apply if such failure is unremedied and is not waived by the holders of such Indebtedness prior to the termination of the Commitments and acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Section 9.02 ; or 

(f)	 Insolvency Proceedings, Etc . The Borrower, Holdings or any Subsidiary Guarantor institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative receiver or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative receiver or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 
 (g)	 Judgments . There is entered against the Borrower, Holdings or any Subsidiary Guarantor a final, enforceable, and non-appealable judgment for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance or another indemnity obligation) and such judgment or order shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty consecutive days; or 
 (h)	 Invalidity of Loan Documents . The material provisions of the Loan Documents, taken as a whole, at any time after their execution and delivery thereof and for any reason cease to be in full force and effect, except (A) as expressly permitted under a Loan Document (including as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 , 7.05 or 7.13(b) ), (B) as a result of the satisfaction of the Obligations or (C) resulting from acts or omissions of a Secured Party or the application of applicable law; or 
 (i)	 Collateral Documents and Guarantee . Any: 
 (i)	Collateral Document with respect to a material portion of the Collateral after delivery thereof shall for any reason cease to create a valid and perfected Lien, except (A) as otherwise permitted by, or as a result of a transaction not prohibited by, the Loan Documents, (B) resulting from the failure of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to maintain possession or control of Collateral, (C) resulting from the making of a filing, or the failure to make a filing, under the Uniform Commercial Code, (D) as to Collateral consisting of real property to the extent that such losses are covered by a lender s title insurance policy (unless the Borrower in good faith reasonably believes that payment thereunder will not be made by the applicable insurer) or (E) resulting from acts or omissions of a Secured Party or the application of applicable law; or 
 (ii)	Guarantee with respect to a Guarantor that is Holdings or a Material Subsidiary shall for any reason cease to be in full force and effect, except (A) as otherwise permitted by, or as a result of a transaction not prohibited by, the Loan Documents, (B) upon the satisfaction in full of the Obligations, (C) upon the release of such Guarantor as provided for under the Loan Document or in accordance with its terms or (D) resulting from acts or omissions of a Secured Party or the application of applicable law; or 
 (j)	 Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control; or 
 (k)	 ERISA . An ERISA Event shall have occurred and be continuous that, when taken alone or together with all other ERISA Events, has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 9.02	 Remedies upon Event of Default . 
 (a)	Except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02(b) below, if any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 
 (i)	declare the Commitments (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Delayed Draw Commitments) of each Lender and the obligation of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit to be terminated, whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated; 
 (ii)	declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest and premium accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower and each Guarantor; 
 (iii)	require that the Borrower Cash Collateralize its Letters of Credit (in an amount equal to 103 of the maximum face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit); and 
 (iv)	exercise on behalf of itself, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders under the Loan Documents and/or under applicable Law; 
 provided that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law, the Commitments of each Lender and the obligations of each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the Letters of Credit as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 (b)	If a Financial Covenant Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as a result of a breach of Section 8.01 , the Required Revolving Lenders may either (i) terminate the Revolving Commitments and/or (ii) take the actions specified in Section 9.02(a) in respect of the Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Loans, Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. The Required Lenders may take any of the actions specified in Section 9.02(a) in respect of a Financial Covenant Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing only upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Financial Covenant Cross Default. 
 (c)	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the only Event of Default then having occurred and continuing is the Financial Covenant Event of Default, then the Revolving Lenders and the Administrative Agent may not take any of the actions set forth in Section 9.02(a) or (b) during the period commencing on the date that the Administrative Agent receives a Notice of Intent to Cure and ending on the Cure Expiration Date with respect thereto in accordance with and to the extent permitted by Section 8.02 . 
 SECTION 9.03	 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 9.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 9.02(a) ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the Intercreditor Agreements, be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 

First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and interest, but including Attorney Costs payable under Section 11.04 and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in their capacities as such; 
 Second , to payment in full of Unfunded Advances/Participations (the amounts so applied to be distributed between or among, as applicable, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks pro rata in accordance with the amounts of Unfunded Advances/Participations owed to them on the date of any such distribution); 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest, Letter of Credit fees, Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements and Cash Management Obligations) payable to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks (including Attorney Costs payable under Section 11.04 and amounts payable under Article III ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; 
 Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit fees and interest on the Loans and Letter of Credit Usage, ratably among the Lenders and the Issuing Banks in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; 
 Fifth , (a) to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, the Letter of Credit Usage and the Obligations under Secured Hedge Agreements and Cash Management Obligations and (b) to Cash Collateralize Letters of Credit (to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized pursuant to the terms of this Agreement) (in an amount equal to 103 of the maximum face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit) and to further permanently reduce the Revolving Commitments by the amount of such Cash Collateralization, ratably among the Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fifth held by them; provided that (i) any such amounts applied pursuant to the foregoing subclause (b) shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of the Issuing Banks to Cash Collateralize such Letters of Credit, (ii) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.19 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to this clause Fifth shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur and (c) upon the expiration of any Letter of Credit, the pro rata share of Cash Collateral attributable to such expired Letter of Credit shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in this Section 9.03 ; 
 Sixth , to the payment of all other Obligations that are due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties on such date; and 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 

ARTICLE X Administrative Agent and Other Agents 
 SECTION 10.01	 Appointment and Authority of the Administrative Agent . 
 (a)	Each Lender and each Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints Jefferies Finance to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article X (other than Sections 10.09 and 10.11) are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and the Borrower shall not have any rights as a third party beneficiary of any such provision. Each Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Revolving Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each Issuing Bank shall have all of the benefits and immunities (i) provided to the Agents in this Article X with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such Issuing Bank in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and the Letter of Credit Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Agent as used in this Article X and the definition of Agent Related Person included such Issuing Bank with respect to such acts or omissions, and (ii) as additionally provided herein with respect to each Issuing Bank. 
 (b)	The Administrative Agent shall also irrevocably act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Hedge Bank and/or Cash Management Bank) and each of the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of (and to hold any security interest created by the Collateral Documents for and on behalf of or in trust for) such Lender and such Issuing Bank for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Sections 10.05 and 10.12 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article X (including Section 10.07 , as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Administrative Agent to execute any and all documents (including releases) with respect to the Collateral and the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto (including the Intercreditor Agreements), as contemplated by and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents and acknowledge and agree that any such action by any Agent shall bind the Lenders. 
 SECTION 10.02	 Rights as a Lender . Any Lender that is also serving as an Agent (including as Administrative Agent) hereunder shall have the same rights and powers (and no additional duties or obligations) in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include each Lender (if any) serving as an Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Any Person serving as an Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not an Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders, and may accept fees and other consideration from the Borrower for services in connection herewith and otherwise without having to account for the same to the Lenders. The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, any Agent or its Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its 

Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge that no Agent shall be under any obligation to provide such information to them. 
 SECTION 10.03	 Exculpatory Provisions . None of the Administrative Agent, any of the other Agents, any of their respective Affiliates, nor any of the officers, partners, directors, employees or agents of the foregoing shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, an Agent (including the Administrative Agent) or any of their respective officers, partners, directors, employees or agents: 
 (a)	shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term agent herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under any agency doctrine of any applicable Law and instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties; 
 (b)	shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt refraining from any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; 
 (c)	shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by any Person serving as an Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity; and 
 (d)	shall not be liable to the Lenders for any action taken or omitted to be taken under or in connection with any of the Loan Documents except to the extent caused by such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 9.02 and 11.01 or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in connection with its duties expressly set forth herein. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. 
 No Agent-Related Person shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any recital, statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report, statement or agreement or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith or referred to or provided for in, or received by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan 

Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default (including compliance with the terms and conditions of Section 11.07(h)(iii) or (h)(iv) ), (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the Collateral Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof. The Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility or liability for monitoring or enforcing the list of Disqualified Lenders or for any assignment or participation to a Disqualified Lender. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Lender or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any Disqualified Lender. 
 SECTION 10.04	 Reliance by the Agents . The Agents shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan or the issuance of a Letter of Credit that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, each Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 Each Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action that is not required or explicitly approved by the Lenders under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The Agents shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders; provided that the Agents shall not be required to take any action that, in their opinion or in the opinion of their counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable Law. 
 SECTION 10.05	 Delegation of Duties . Each Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Documents by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by such Agent. Each Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Agent-Related Persons. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Agent-Related Persons of the Agents and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the 

syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Agents. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, with respect to each sub agent appointed by an Agent, (i) such sub agent shall be a third party beneficiary under this Agreement with respect to all such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) and shall have all of the rights and benefits of a third party beneficiary, including an independent right of action to enforce such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) directly, without the consent or joinder of any other Person, against any or all of the Loan Parties and the Lenders, (ii) such rights, benefits and privileges (including exculpatory rights and rights to indemnification) shall not be modified or amended without the consent of such sub agent, and (iii) such sub agent shall only have obligations to the Agent that appointed it as sub agent and not to any Loan Party, Lender or any other Person and no Loan Party, Lender or any other Person shall have any rights, directly or indirectly, as a third party beneficiary or otherwise, against such sub agent. Each Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub agents. 
 SECTION 10.06	 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders; Disclosure of Information by Agents . 
 (a)	Each Lender and each Issuing Bank acknowledges that no Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information in their possession. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents to each Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereunder. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, any other Lender or any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by any Agent herein, such Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of any Agent-Related Person. 
 (b)	Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement or an Assignment and Assumption and funding its Term Loan and/or Revolving Loans on the Closing Date, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be approved by any Agent, Required Lenders or Lenders, as applicable on the Closing Date. 
 (c)	Each Lender acknowledges that certain Affiliates of the Loan Parties, including the Sponsors or entities controlled by the Sponsors, are Eligible Assignees hereunder and may purchase Loans and/or Commitments hereunder from the Lenders from time to time, subject to the restrictions set forth herein. 

SECTION 10.07	 Indemnification of Agents . Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders shall indemnify upon demand the Administrative Agent, each Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swing Line Lender and each other Agent-Related Person (solely to the extent any such Agent-Related Person was performing services on behalf of any Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable) (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro rata, and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, each Agent, each Issuing Bank, the Swing Line Lender and each other Agent-Related Person (solely to the extent any such Agent-Related Person was performing services on behalf of any Agent, each Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such Agent-Related Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that, to the extent each Issuing Bank or Swing Line Lender is entitled to indemnification under this Section 10.07 solely in its capacity and role as an Issuing Bank or as a Swing Line Lender, as applicable, only the Revolving Lenders shall be required to indemnify the applicable Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 10.07 (determined as of the time that the applicable payment is sought based on each Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof at such time); provided , further , that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be required by the Loan Documents) shall be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 10.07 . If any indemnity furnished to any Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender for any purpose shall, in the opinion of such Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, be insufficient or become impaired, such Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against until such additional indemnity is furnished; provided , in no event shall this sentence require any Lender to indemnify any Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender against any Indemnified Liabilities in excess of such Lender s pro rata share thereof; and provided further , this sentence shall not be deemed to require any Lender to indemnify any Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender against any Indemnified Liabilities described in the first proviso in the immediately preceding sentence. In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 10.07 applies whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any other Person. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse each Agent, each Issuing Bank and the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, upon demand for its ratable share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by such Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to the extent that such Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of the Borrower; provided that such reimbursement by the Lenders shall not affect the Borrower s continuing reimbursement obligations with respect thereto; provided , further , that the failure of any Lender to indemnify or reimburse such Agent, such Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation in respect thereof. The undertaking in this Section 10.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation of the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, other Agents, any Issuing Bank and the Swing Line Lender. 
 SECTION 10.08	 No Other Duties; Other Agents, Lead Arrangers, Managers, Etc. Jefferies Finance, BMOCM, UBS and Nomura are each hereby appointed as Lead Arrangers hereunder, and each Lender hereby authorizes each of Jefferies Finance, BMOCM, UBS and Nomura to act as Lead Arrangers in accordance with the terms hereof and the other Loan Documents. 

Each Agent hereby agrees to act in its capacity as such upon the express conditions contained herein and the other Loan Documents, as applicable. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Lead Arrangers or the other Agents listed on the cover page hereof (or any of their respective Affiliates) shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except (x) in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or a Lender hereunder and (y) as provided in Section 11.01(d) and the last sentence of Section 11.01 , and such Persons shall have the benefit of this Article X . Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any agency or fiduciary or trust relationship with any Lender, Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. Any Agent may resign from such role at any time, with immediate effect, by giving prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and Borrower. 
 SECTION 10.09	 Resignation of Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent . The Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, subject to the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), at all times other than during the existence of a Specified Event of Default, to appoint a successor, which shall be a Lender or a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such Lender or bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty days after the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (a) the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor of such Agent is appointed) and (b) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or retired Administrative Agents, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section. If neither the Required Lenders nor the Administrative Agent have appointed a successor Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have succeeded to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent (subject to the proviso in the sentence above). Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, hereunder and upon the execution and filing or recording of such financing statements, or amendments thereto, and such amendments or supplements to the Mortgages, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or desirable, or as the Required Lenders may request, in order to perfect or continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by the Collateral Documents, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable (other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or retired Administrative Agent), and the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Sections 10.07 , 11.04 and 11.05 shall 

continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Agent-Related Persons in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable. 
 SECTION 10.10	 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim; Credit Bidding . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or in respect of Letter of Credit Obligations shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated), by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (a)	to file a verified statement pursuant to rule 2019 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure that, in its sole opinion, complies with such rule s disclosure requirements for entities representing more than one creditor; 
 (b)	to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, Letter of Credit Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.11 and 11.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (c)	to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each Issuing Bank to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.11 and 11.04 . To the extent that the payment of any such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.11 and 11.04 out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and other properties that the Lenders or the Issuing Banks may be entitled to receive in such proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any Issuing Bank or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Security Agreement) pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (i) at any sale thereof 

conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, or any similar Laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, (ii) at any other sale or foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable Law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that would vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) in the asset or assets so purchased (or in the Equity Interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are used to consummate such purchase). In connection with any such bid (A) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles to make a bid, (B) to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or Equity Interests thereof) shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by the vote of the Required Lenders, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in clauses (a) through (g) of Section 11.01 of this Agreement, (C) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to assign the relevant Obligations to any such acquisition vehicle pro rata by the Lenders, as a result of which each of the Lenders shall be deemed to have received a pro rata portion of any Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by such an acquisition vehicle on account of the assignment of the Obligations to be credit bid, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action and (D) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of debt credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Lenders pro rata and the Equity Interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of the Obligations that had been assigned to the acquisition vehicle shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. 
 SECTION 10.11	 Collateral and Guaranty Matters . 
 (a)	Each Agent, each Lenders (including in its capacities as a potential Cash Management Bank and a potential Hedge Bank), each Issuing Bank and each other Secured Party agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document: 
 (i)	Liens on any property granted to or held by an Agent or in favor of any Secured Party under any Loan Document will be automatically and immediately released, and each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and directs the Agents to enter into, and each agrees that it will enter into, the necessary or advisable documents requested by the Borrower and associated therewith, upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each, a Lien Release Event ), 
 (A)	the payment in full in cash of all the Obligations (other than (1) Secured Cash Management Obligations, Secured Swap Obligations and contingent obligations in respect of which no claim has been made and (2) obligations in respect of Letters of Credit that have been backstopped or cash collateralized on terms satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank); 
 (B)	a transfer of the property subject to such Lien as part of, or in connection with, a transaction that is permitted (or not prohibited) by the terms of the Loan Documents to any Person that is not a Loan Party; 

(C)	with respect to property owned by any Guarantor, the release of such Guarantor from its obligations under its Guaranty pursuant to clause (iii) below; 
 (D)	the approval, authorization or ratification of the release of such Lien by the Required Lenders, or such percentage as may be required pursuant to Section 11.01 ; 
 (E)	such property becoming an Excluded Asset, Excluded Equity Interest or an asset owned by an Excluded Subsidiary; 
 (F)	as to the assets owned by such Excluded Subsidiary, upon any Person becoming an Excluded Subsidiary; and/or 
 (G)	any such property becoming subject to a Securitization Financing to the extent required by the terms of such Securitization Financing; 
 (ii)	upon the request of the Borrower (such request, the Release/Subordination Event it will release or subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 7.01(d) ; 
 (iii)	a Subsidiary Guarantor will be automatically and immediately released from its obligations under the Guaranty as a result of (A) such Subsidiary Guarantor ceasing to be a Subsidiary, (B) such Subsidiary Guarantor ceasing to be a Material Subsidiary, or (C) such Subsidiary Guarantor becoming an Excluded Subsidiary (clauses (A)-(C), each a Guaranty Release Event ), and each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and directs the Agents to enter into, and each agrees it will enter into, the necessary and advisable documents requested by the Borrower to (1) release such Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Guaranty and (2) release any Liens granted by such Subsidiary or Liens on the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary; and 
 (iv)	the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent will exclusively exercise the rights and remedies under the Loan Documents, and neither the Lenders nor any other Secured Party will exercise such rights and remedies (other than the Required Lenders through the Administrative Agent); provided that the foregoing shall not preclude any Lender from exercising any right of set-off in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.09 or from exercising rights and remedies (other than the enforcement of Collateral) with respect to any payment default after the occurrence of the Maturity Date with respect to any Loans made by it or filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law. 
 Each Agent, each Lender and each other Secured Party agrees that it will promptly take such action and execute any such documents as may be reasonably requested by the Borrower (such actions and such execution, the Release Actions ), at the Borrower s sole cost and expense, in connection with a Lien Release Event, Subordination/Release Event or Guaranty Release Event and that such actions are not discretionary. Without limitation, the Release Actions may include, as applicable, (a) executing (if required) and delivering to the Loan Parties (or any designee of the Loan Parties) any such lien releases, mortgage releases, discharges of security interests, pledges and guarantees and other similar discharge or release documents, as are reasonably requested by a Loan Party in connection with the release, as of record, of the Liens (and all notices of security interests and Liens previously filed) the subject of a Lien Release Event or Release/Subordination Event or the release of any applicable Guarantee in connection with a Guarantee 

Release Event and (b) delivering to the Loan Parties (or any designee of the Loan Parties) all instruments evidencing pledged debt and all equity certificates and any other collateral previously delivered in physical form by the Loan Parties to a Secured Party. 
 In connection with any Lien Release Event, Release/Subordination Event, Guarantee Release Event or Release Action, each of the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely and shall rely exclusively on an officer s certificate of the Borrower (the Release Certificate confirming that (a) such Lien Release Event, Subordination/Release Event or a Guaranty Release Event, as applicable, has occurred or will upon consummation of an identified transaction (an Identified Transaction occur, (b) the conditions to any such Lien Release Event, Subordination/Release Event or Guaranty Release Event have occurred or will occur upon consummation of an Identified Transaction, and (c) that any such Identified Transaction is permitted by (or not prohibited by) the Loan Documents. The Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent will be fully exculpated from any liability and shall be fully protected and shall not have any liability whatsoever to any Secured Party as a result of such reliance or the consummation of any Release Action. A Release Certificate may be delivered in advance of the consummation of any applicable Identified Transaction. 
 Each Lender and each Secured Party irrevocably authorizes and irrevocably directs the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent to take the Release Actions and consents to reliance on the Release Certificate. The Secured Parties agree not to give any Agent any instruction or direction inconsistent with the provisions of this Section. Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for, or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into, any statement in a Release Certificate, the compliance of any Identified Transaction with the terms of a Loan Document, any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or contained in any certificate prepared or delivered by any Loan Party in connection with the Collateral or compliance with the terms set forth above or in a Loan Document, nor shall the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral. 
 (b)	Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, each Agent, each Lender and each Secured Party hereby agree that: 
 (i)	no Lender or other Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce the Guaranty or any other Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under any of the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, and all powers, rights and remedies under the Collateral Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in accordance with the terms thereof; 
 (ii)	in the event of a foreclosure or similar enforcement action by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code), only the Collateral Agent (except with respect to a credit bid pursuant to Section 363(k), Section 1129(b)(2)(a)(ii) or otherwise of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code) may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other disposition, and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of Lenders (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities), shall be entitled, upon instructions from the Required Lenders, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such sale or disposition, to use and apply any of the 

Loan Document Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale or other disposition; 
 (iii)	no provision of any Loan Documents shall require the creation, perfection or maintenance of pledges of or security interests in, or the obtaining of title insurance or abstracts with respect to, any Excluded Assets and any other particular assets, if and for so long as, in the reasonable judgment of the Collateral Agent, the cost of creating, perfecting or maintaining such pledges or security interests in such other particular assets or obtaining title insurance or abstracts in respect of such other particular assets is excessive in view of the fair market value of such assets or the practical benefit to the Lenders afforded thereby; 
 (iv)	the Collateral Agent may grant extensions of time for the creation or perfection of security interests in or the obtaining of title insurance and surveys with respect to particular assets (including extensions beyond the Closing Date for the creation or perfection of security interests in the assets of the Loan Parties on such date) where it reasonably determines, in consultation with the Borrower, that creation or perfection cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents; 
 (v)	other than with respect to the Equity Interests and assets of a Foreign Subsidiary that becomes a Loan Party, no actions required by the Laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction shall be required in order to create any security interests in any assets or to perfect such security interests (including any intellectual property registered in any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (it being understood that there shall be no security agreements or pledge agreements governed under the Laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction); and 
 (vi)	no control agreements or control shall be required with respect to assets (other than in respect of Pledged Equity or Pledged Debt) requiring perfection through control agreements or perfection by control (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code). 
 SECTION 10.12	 Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents . 
 (a)	It is the purpose of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that there shall be no violation of any Law of any jurisdiction denying or restricting the right of banking corporations or associations to transact business as agent or trustee in such jurisdiction. It is recognized that in case of litigation under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and in particular in case of the enforcement of any of the Loan Documents, or in case the Administrative Agent deems that by reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it may not exercise any of the rights, powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or take any other action which may be desirable or necessary in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to appoint an additional individual or institution selected by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion as a separate trustee, co-trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, administrative sub-agent or administrative co-agent (any such additional individual or institution being referred to herein individually, as a Supplemental Administrative Agent and, collectively, as Supplemental Administrative Agents ). 
 (b)	In the event that the Administrative Agent appoints a Supplemental Administrative Agent with respect to any Collateral, (i) each and every right, power, privilege or duty expressed or intended by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to be exercised by or vested in or conveyed to the Administrative Agent with respect to such Collateral shall be exercisable by and vest in such Supplemental Administrative Agent to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to enable such Supplemental Administrative Agent to exercise such rights, powers and privileges with respect to such Collateral and to 

perform such duties with respect to such Collateral, and every covenant and obligation contained in the Loan Documents and necessary to the exercise or performance thereof by such Supplemental Administrative Agent shall run to and be enforceable by either the Administrative Agent or such Supplemental Administrative Agent, and (ii) the provisions of this Article X and of Sections 11.04 and 11.05 that refer to the Administrative Agent shall inure to the benefit of such Supplemental Administrative Agent and all references therein to the Administrative Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Administrative Agent and/or such Supplemental Administrative Agent, as the context may require. 
 (c)	Should any instrument in writing from any Loan Party be required by any Supplemental Administrative Agent so appointed by the Administrative Agent for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties, the Borrower or Holdings, as applicable, shall, or shall cause such Loan Party to, execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all such instruments promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent. In case any Supplemental Administrative Agent, or a successor thereto, shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of such Supplemental Administrative Agent, to the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be exercised by the Administrative Agent until the appointment of a new Supplemental Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 10.13	 Intercreditor Agreements. The Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent are authorized to enter into the Intercreditor Agreements (and any amendments, amendments and restatements, restatements or waivers of or supplements to or other modifications to, such agreements in connection with the incurrence by any Loan Party of any Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or any Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, in order to permit such Indebtedness to be secured by a valid, perfected lien (with such priority as may be designated by the Borrower or relevant Subsidiary, to the extent such priority is permitted by the Loan Documents)), and the Lenders acknowledge that the Intercreditor Agreements will be binding upon them. Each Lender (i) understands, acknowledges and agrees that Liens may be created on the Collateral pursuant to the definitive documents governing such Indebtedness, which liens shall be subject to the terms and conditions of any Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) hereby agrees that it will be bound by and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of any Intercreditor Agreement and (iii) hereby authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent to enter into any Intercreditor Agreement (and any amendments, amendments and restatements, restatements or waivers of or supplements to or other modifications to, such agreements in connection with the incurrence by any Loan Party of any Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or any Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt, in order to permit such Indebtedness to be secured by a valid, perfected lien (with such priority as may be designated by the Borrower or relevant Subsidiary, to the extent such priority is permitted by the Loan Documents)), and to subject the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations to the provisions thereof. 
 SECTION 10.14	 Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Hedge Agreements . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or in any Guaranty or any Collateral Document, no Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank that obtains the benefits of Section 9.03 , any Guaranty or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Guaranty or any Collateral Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral or any Guaranty (including the release or impairment of any Collateral or Guaranty) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article X to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Cash Management Obligations or Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Cash Management Obligations or such Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements, together with such 

supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Cash Management Bank or Hedge Bank, as the case may be. 
 SECTION 10.15	 Withholding Taxes . To the extent required by any applicable Law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. If any Governmental Authority asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective or for any other reason, or if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that a payment was made to a Lender pursuant to this Agreement without deduction of applicable withholding tax from such payment, such Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, including any penalties or interest and together with all expenses (including legal expenses, allocated internal costs and out-of-pocket expenses) incurred. 
 SECTION 10.16	 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a)	Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each other Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i)	such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments; 
 (ii)	the prohibited transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable so as to exempt from the prohibitions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; 
 (iii)	(A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement; or 

(iv)	such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b)	In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each other Lead Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or any other Lead Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 ARTICLE XI Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 11.01	 Amendments, Waivers, Etc. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided that, no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
 (a)	extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender or extend the final expiration date of any Letter of Credit beyond the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (it being understood that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 or Section 4.03 or the waiver of any Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender); 
 (b)	postpone any date scheduled for, or reduce the amount of, any payment of principal or interest with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit or with respect to any fees payable under Section 2.11(b) without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, it being understood that (i) the waiver of (or amendment to the terms of) any mandatory prepayment of the Loans shall not constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest, (ii) the agreement, consent or waiver by (A) the Required Revolving Lenders to postpone or reduce or waive unused commitment fees as set forth in the paragraph immediately succeeding the table in the definition of Applicable Commitment Fee, (B) the Required Revolving Lenders to postpone or reduce or waive interest with respect to Revolving Loans as set forth in the paragraph immediately succeeding the table in the definition of Applicable Rate in Section 1.01 or (C) the Required Facility Lenders of interest with respect to any Initial Term Loans (including the Delayed Draw Term Loans, if any) as set forth in the paragraph immediately succeeding the table in the definition of Applicable Rate in Section 1.01 , in any such case, shall not constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for, or a reduction in the amount of, any payment of interest or any payment of fees and (iii) a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 or Section 4.03 or the waiver of any Default (other than a Default under Section 9.01(a) or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute a postponement of any date scheduled for, or a reduction in the amount of, any payment of interest or any payment of fees; 

(c)	reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or Letter of Credit or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document (except as expressly set forth in clause (iii) of the second proviso immediately succeeding clause (g) of this Section 11.01 without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, it being understood that (i) any change to the definitions of First Lien Net Leverage Ratio or in the component definitions thereof shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest, (ii) the agreement, consent or waiver by the Required Revolving Lenders to waive or reduce interest or unused commitment fees as set forth in the paragraph immediately succeeding the table in the definitions of Applicable Rate and Applicable Commitment Fee in Section 1.01 shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest specified herein or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and (iii) the agreement, consent or waiver by the Required Facility Lenders to waive or reduce interest with respect to the Initial Term Loans (including the Delayed Draw Term Loans, if any) as set forth in the paragraph immediately succeeding the table in the definition of Applicable Rate in Section 1.01 shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest specified herein or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; provided that (A) only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate and (B) with respect to any Facility, only the consent of the Required Facility Lenders or, solely with respect to the Revolving Facility, the Required Revolving Lenders, shall be necessary to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate; 
 (d)	change (i) any provision of this Section 11.01 (except as expressly set forth in clause (i) of the second proviso immediately succeeding clause (g) of this Section 11.01 or the definition of Required Lenders, Required Facility Lenders or Pro Rata Share or any other provision specifying the number of Lenders or portion of the Loans or Commitments required to take any action under the Loan Documents, without the written consent of each Lender, (ii) the definition of Required Revolving Lenders without the consent of each Revolving Lender or (iii) the definition of Required Delayed Draw Lenders without the consent of each Lender holding Delayed Draw Commitments; 
 (e)	other than in connection with a transfer or other transaction permitted under the Loan Documents, release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent of each Lender; 
 (f)	other than in connection with a transfer or other transaction permitted under the Loan Documents, release all or substantially all of the aggregate value of the Guaranty or all or substantially all of the Guarantors, without the written consent of each Lender; or 
 (g)	modify Section 2.15 or 9.03 without the written consent of each lender directly and adversely affected thereby; provided that: 
 (i)	no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Issuing Bank in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, such Issuing Bank under this Agreement, any Issuance Notice or any other Loan Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it, 
 (ii)	no amendment, waiver of consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
 (iii)	no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of, or 

any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
 (iv)	no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Collateral Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
 (v)	 Section 11.07(g) may not be amended, waived or otherwise modified without the consent of each Granting Lender all or any part of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such amendment, waiver or other modification, 
 (vi)	the consent of Required Revolving Lenders, Required Delayed Draw Lender or Required Facility Lenders, as applicable, shall be required with respect to any amendment that by its terms adversely affects the rights of Lenders under such Facility in respect of payments hereunder in a manner different than such amendment affects other Facilities, 
 (vii)	the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders (but without the consent of other Lenders, including the Required Lenders) shall be required (x) to amend, waive or otherwise modify any provision of the paragraph immediately succeeding the table in the definition of Applicable Rate in Section 1.01 which provides for an agreement, consent or waiver by the Required Revolving Lenders and (y) to amend, modify or waive any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 with respect to making Revolving Loans, Swing Line Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, 
 (viii)	the consent of only the Required Delayed Draw Lenders shall be required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.03 with respect to the making of Delayed Draw Term Loans, and 
 (ix)	no Lender or Issuing Bank consent is required to effect any amendment or supplement to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other intercreditor agreement that is, 
 (A)	for the purpose of adding the holders of Pari Passu Lien Debt, Junior Lien Debt, Incremental Equivalent Debt, Permitted Pari Passu Secured Refinancing Debt or Permitted Junior Secured Refinancing Debt (or a Debt Representative with respect thereto) as parties thereto, as expressly contemplated by the terms of such intercreditor agreement (it being understood that any such amendment or supplement may make such other changes to the applicable intercreditor agreement as, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, are required to effectuate the foregoing), or 
 (B)	expressly contemplated by the Intercreditor Agreement or any other intercreditor agreement; 
 provided further that, notwithstanding the foregoing, 
 (i)	unless and until a Financial Covenant Cross Default has occurred and remains continuing, only the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders shall be necessary to, and upon the occurrence and continuance of a Financial Covenant Cross Default, the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to (A) waive or consent to any Financial Covenant Event of Default or amend or modify the terms of, or waive or consent to any Default or Event of Default with respect to, Section 9.02(b) (including the related definitions as used in such Sections, but not as used in 

other Sections of this Agreement) and no such amendment, modification, waiver or consent shall be permitted (1) without the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders (unless and until a Financial Covenant Cross Default has occurred) and (2) without the consent of the Required Lenders (upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Financial Covenant Cross Default) and/or (B) amend this sentence. Notwithstanding that, upon the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Cross Default, the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to waive or consent to any Default or Event of Default resulting from a Financial Covenant Event of Default as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, only the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders shall be necessary to (a) amend or modify the terms and provisions of Section 8.01 and/or Section 8.02 (in each case, whether or not a Financial Covenant Cross Default has occurred) and/or (b) amend this sentence, 
 (ii)	this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (I) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof, (II) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders, and (III) if at any time (A) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (i) the circumstances set forth in Section 3.03 have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (ii) the circumstances set forth in Section 3.03 have not arisen, but the supervisor for the administrator of ICE LIBOR (or the successor thereto with respect to ICE LIBOR), or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which ICE LIBOR shall no longer be used for determining interest rates for loans or (B) the Required Lenders (including pursuant to Section 3.03 request an amendment to this Agreement as a result of the discontinuation of ICE LIBOR, then, in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to the Eurocurrency Rate that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time (which rate shall in no event be less than 0.00 per annum ), and may enter into an amendment to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to amend and/or replace the definition of Eurocurrency Rate (and the ancillary terms and other provisions with respect thereto) to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement (and such other Loan Documents as may be applicable) with the consent of only the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, in each case, only so long as the Administrative Agent provides the Lenders with written notice of the terms thereof at least five Business Days prior to the effectiveness of any such amendment and the Required Lenders do not object thereto during such notice period, and 
 (iii)	this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Borrower and the Lenders providing the Replacement Loans (as defined below) to permit the refinancing, replacement or exchange of all outstanding Term Loans of any Class Refinanced Loans with replacement term loans Replacement Loans hereunder; provided that, 
 (A)	the aggregate principal amount of such Replacement Loans shall not exceed the aggregate principal amount of such Refinanced Loans plus (i) the amount of all unpaid, accrued, or capitalized interest, penalties, premiums (including tender premiums), and other amounts payable with respect to any such Refinanced Loans and (ii) underwriting discounts, fees, commissions, costs, expenses and other amounts payable with respect to such Replacement Loans), 

(B)	the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Replacement Loans shall not be shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of such Refinanced Loans at the time of such refinancing, and 
 (C)	(1) any such Replacement Loans shall be on terms and conditions that are, taken as a whole, not materially more favorable to the lenders or holders providing such Indebtedness than, those applicable to the Initial Term Loans, as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in its reasonable judgment (except (x) for covenants applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loans at the time of incurrence and (y) any term or condition to the extent such term or condition is also added for the benefit of the Lenders under the Term Loans) or (2) solely to the extent that any terms and conditions applicable to any Replacement Loans are not the same as, or substantially similar to, those then applicable to the Term Loans, shall otherwise reflect customary market terms and conditions at the time of such incurrence, including with respect to high yield debt securities to the extent applicable, as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in its reasonable judgment provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least four Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior to the incurrence of such Replacement Loans, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material covenants and events of default of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the requirement of this clause (C) shall be conclusive evidence that such material covenants and events of default satisfy such requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such four Business Day (or shorter) period that it disagrees with such determination (including a description of the basis upon which it disagrees)); provided further that this clause (C) will not apply to (w) terms addressed in the other clauses of this clause (iii), (x) interest rate, rate floors, fees, funding discounts and other pricing terms and optional prepayment provisions, (y) redemption, prepayment or other premiums, and (z) optional prepayment or redemption terms. For the avoidance of doubt, any Affiliated Lender that provides any Replacement Loans shall be subject to the limitations on Affiliated Lenders set forth in Section 11.07(h) (including the Affiliated Lender Term Loan Cap). 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders, the Required Lenders, the Required Facility Lenders, the Required Delayed Draw Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (1) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (2) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 11.01 , no amendment, modification or waiver of this Agreement or any Loan Document altering the ratable treatment of Obligations arising under Secured Hedge Agreements or under Cash Management Obligations resulting in such Obligations being junior in right of payment to principal on the Loans or resulting in Obligations owing to any Hedge Bank or any Cash Management Obligations becoming unsecured (other than releases of Liens permitted in accordance with the terms hereof), in each case in a manner materially adverse to any Hedge Bank or any Cash Management Bank, shall be effective without the written consent of such Hedge Bank or such Cash Management Bank, as applicable. 

In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 11.01 , the Guaranty, the Collateral Documents and related documents executed by Holdings, the Borrower and/or the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be, together with this Agreement, amended and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the request of the Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered in order (i) to comply with local Law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to cure ambiguities or defects (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) or (iii) to cause such Guaranty, Collateral Document or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 11.02	 Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies . 
 (a)	 General . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
 (i)	if to Holdings, the Borrower, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, to the address, fax number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 11.02 ; and 
 (ii)	if to any other Lender, to the address, fax number, electronic mail addresses or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by fax shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient); and notices deposited in the United States mail with postage prepaid and properly addressed shall be deemed to have been given within three Business Days of such deposit; provided that no notice to any Agent shall be effective until received by such Agent. Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 (b)	 Electronic Communication . Notices and other communications to any Agent, the Lenders, the Swing Line Lender and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites, including the Platform) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Agent, Lender, Swing Line Lender or the Issuing Banks pursuant to Article II if such Person, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (c)	 Receipt . Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication 

shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
 (d)	Each Loan Party understands that the distribution of materials through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution and agrees and assumes the risks associated with such electronic distribution, except to the extent caused by the willful misconduct or gross negligence of the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Swing Line Lender or any Issuing Bank as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (e)	 The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR IN THE PLATFORM. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Agent-Related Persons or any Lead Arranger (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to Holdings, the Borrower, any Lender, the Swing Line Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to Holdings, the Borrower, any Lender, the Swing Line Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). Each Loan Party, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each Agent agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, store any Borrower Materials on the Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s customary document retention procedures and policies. 
 (f)	 Change of Address . Each of Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the Issuing Banks may change its address, fax or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, fax or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Swing Line Lender and the Issuing Banks. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, fax number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. 
 (g)	 Reliance by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including Committed Loan Notices, Swing Line Loan Requests and Issuance Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. All telephonic notices to and other 

telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders and each Agent-Related Person from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
 (h)	 Private-Side Information Contacts . Each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private-Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to information that is not made available through the Public-Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain Private-Side Information with respect to Holdings, its Subsidiaries or their respective securities for purposes of United States federal or state securities laws. In the event that any Public Lender has determined for itself to not access any information disclosed through the Platform or otherwise, such Public Lender acknowledges that (i) other Lenders may have availed themselves of such information and (ii) neither the Borrower nor the Administrative Agent has (A) any responsibility for such Public Lender s decision to limit the scope of the information it has obtained in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (B) any duty to disclose such information to such Public Lender or to use such information on behalf of such Public Lender, and shall not be liable for the failure to so disclose or use, such information. 
 SECTION 11.03	 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No forbearance, failure or delay by any Lender or any Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall impair such right, remedy, power or privilege or operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and independent of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Borrower shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Article IX for the benefit of all the Lenders and the Issuing Banks; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as an Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (iii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 11.09 (subject to the terms of Section 2.15 or (iv) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law; provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (A) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article IX and (B) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.15 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights or remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 

SECTION 11.04	 Attorney Costs and Expenses . The Borrower agrees (a) if the Closing Date occurs, to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers, the Supplemental Administrative Agents, the Issuing Banks and the Swing Line Lender for all reasonable and documented in reasonable detail out-of-pocket expenses incurred on or after the Closing Date in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated), limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the Attorney Costs of one primary counsel and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction material to the interests of the Lenders taken as a whole (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions), and (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers, the Supplemental Administrative Agents, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender and the Lenders for all reasonable and documented in reasonable detail out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or protection of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs of one counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers, the Supplemental Administrative Agents, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender and the Lenders taken as a whole (and, if reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant material jurisdiction (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions) and, solely in the event of a conflict of interest between the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers, the Supplemental Administrative Agents, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender and the Lenders, where the Person or Persons affected by such conflict of interest inform the Borrower in writing of such conflict of interest, one additional counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction to each group of affected Persons similarly situated taken as a whole)). The agreements in this Section 11.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. All amounts due under this Section 11.04 shall be paid promptly following receipt by the Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby acknowledge that the Administrative Agent and/or any Lender may receive a benefit, including a discount, credit or other accommodation, from any of such counsel based on the fees such counsel may receive on account of their relationship with the Administrative Agent and/or such Lender, including fees paid pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 SECTION 11.05	 Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent, any Supplemental Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender, each Lender, each Lead Arranger, each Joint Bookrunner and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, partners, shareholders, trustees, controlling persons, and other representatives (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements (including Attorney Costs) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to the Attorney Costs of one counsel to all Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnitees taken as a whole in each relevant jurisdiction that is material to the interest of such Indemnitees (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions), and solely in the case of a conflict of interest between Indemnitees (where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict of interest informs the Borrower in writing of such conflict of interest), one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction to each group of affected Indemnitees similarly situated taken as a whole), 

(a)	the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby (including the reliance in good faith by any Indemnitee on any notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower), 
 (b)	the Transaction, 
 (c)	any Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), 
 (d)	any actual or alleged presence or release of, or exposure to, any Hazardous Materials on or from any property currently or formerly owned or operated by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or any Environmental Claim or Environmental Liability arising out of the activities or operations of or otherwise related to the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or 
 (e)	any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing, collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ); 
 provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final-non-appealable judgment that any such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulted from (i) the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or of any Related Indemnified Person of such Indemnitee, (ii) a material breach of any obligations of such Indemnitee under any Loan Document by such Indemnitee or Related Indemnified Person, or (iii) any dispute solely among Indemnitees or of any Related Indemnified Person of such Indemnitee other than any claims against an Indemnitee in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, an Issuing Bank, the Swing Line Lender or a Lead Arranger (or other Agent role) under the Facility and other than any claims arising out of any act or omission of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. To the extent that the undertakings to indemnify and hold harmless set forth in this Section 11.05 may be unenforceable in whole or in part because they are violative of any applicable law or public policy, the Borrower shall contribute the maximum portion that it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Indemnitees or any of them. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement, except to the extent resulting from the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of such Indemnitee or any Related Indemnified Person (as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), nor shall any Indemnitee or any Loan Party have any liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date) (other than, in the case of any Loan Party, in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Indemnitee to a third party). In the case of an investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 11.05 applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors, stockholders or creditors or an Indemnitee or any other Person, whether or not any Indemnitee is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not any of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents is consummated. All amounts due under this Section 11.05 (after the determination of a court of competent jurisdiction, if required pursuant to the terms of this Section 11.05 shall be paid within twenty Business Days after written 

demand therefor. The agreements in this Section 11.05 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Swing Line Lender or any Issuing Bank, replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. This Section 11.05 shall not apply to Taxes, except it shall apply to any taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from a non-tax claim (including a value added tax or similar tax charged with respect to the supply of legal or other services). 
 SECTION 11.06	 Marshaling; Payments Set Aside . None of the Administrative Agent, any Lender, the Collateral Agent or any Issuing Bank shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in favor of the Loan Parties or any other Person or against or in payment of any or all of the Obligations. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to any Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank (or to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of any Lender or any Issuing Bank), or any Agent or any Lender enforces any security interests or exercises its right of setoff, and such payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or setoff or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside and/or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied and all Liens, rights and remedies therefor or related thereto, shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment or payments had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (b) each Lender and each Issuing Bank severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate from time to time in effect. 
 SECTION 11.07	 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a)	The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither Holdings nor the Borrower may, except as permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.11(b) , assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except, 
 (i)	to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, 
 (ii)	by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, 
 (iii)	by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section, or 
 (iv)	to an SPC in accordance with the provisions of subsection (g) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). 
 Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Agent-Related Persons of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b)	 Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this Section 11.07(b) , participations in Letters of Credit and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it; provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
 (i)	 Minimum Amounts . 
 (A)	in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Term Loans at the time held by it, in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans at the time held by it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
 (B)	with respect to any assignment not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, such assignment shall be in an aggregate amount of not less than (1) with respect to the assigning Lender s Term Loans, 1,000,000 and (2) with respect to the assigning Lender s Revolving Commitment and Revolving Loans, 2,500,000, unless in each case of clauses (1) and (2) each of the Administrative Agent, and so long as no Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, the Borrower otherwise consents (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii)	 Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment of Term Loans or Delayed Draw Commitments shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Term Loans or Delayed Draw Commitments assigned, and each partial assignment of Revolving Commitments and/or Revolving Loans shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Revolving Commitments and/or Revolving Loans being assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not (x) apply to the Swing Line Lender s rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans or (y) prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among separate Facilities on a non-pro rata basis. 
 (iii)	 Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by Section 11.07(b)(i)(B) of this Section and the following: 
 (A)	the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is made (a) with respect to Term Loans or Delayed Draw Commitments to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund and (b) with respect to Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans, to a Revolving Lender or an Affiliate of the assigning Revolving Lender; provided , however , that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any assignment of Term Loans or Delayed Draw Commitments if the Borrower does not respond within ten Business Days of a written request for its consent with respect to such assignment; 
 (B)	the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund; provided , however , that the consent of the Administrative Agent shall not be required for any assignment to an 

Affiliated Lender or a Person that upon effectiveness of an assignment would be an Affiliated Lender, except for the separate consent rights of the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (h)(v) of this Section 11.07 ; 
 (C)	with respect to assignments of Revolving Loans and/or Revolving Commitments, the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); and 
 (D)	with respect to assignments of Revolving Loans and/or Revolving Commitments, each Issuing Bank (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 
 (iv)	 Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500; provided that (A) the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment and (B) no processing and recordation fee shall be payable in connection with an assignments by or to a Lead Arranger or its Affiliates. The Eligible Assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and any tax forms required under Sections 3.01(b) , (c) , (d) and (e) , as applicable. Upon receipt of the processing and recordation fee and any written consent to assignment required by Section 11.07(b)(iii) , the Administrative Agent shall promptly accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. 
 (v)	 No Assignments to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made, 
 (A)	to Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Subsidiaries except as permitted under Section 2.07(a)(iv) or under subsection (l) below, 
 (B)	subject to subsection (h) below, any of the Borrower s Affiliates (other than Holdings or any of the Borrower s Subsidiaries), 
 (C)	to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing persons described in this clause, 
 (D)	to a natural person, or 
 (E)	to a Disqualified Lender or Lender who has become a Disqualified Lender. 
 To the extent that any assignment is purported to be made to a Disqualified Lender (notwithstanding clause (E) of the foregoing sentence), such Disqualified Lender shall be required immediately (and in any event within five Business Days) to assign all Loans and Commitments then owned by such Disqualified Lender to another Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) or Eligible Assignee (and the Borrower shall be entitled to seek specific performance in any applicable court of law or equity to enforce this sentence). 
 (vi)	 Defaulting Lenders Assignments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, 

upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or sub-participations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable Pro Rata Share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (A) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (B) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full Pro Rata Share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (c) of this Section (and, in the case of an Affiliated Lender or a Person that, after giving effect to such assignment, would become an Affiliated Lender, subject to the requirements of clause (h) of this Section), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement (except in the case of an assignment to or purchase by Holdings, the Borrower or any of Holdings Subsidiaries) and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption and as permitted by this Section 11.07 , have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , 11.04 and 11.05 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment); provided that anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, each Issuing Bank shall continue to have all rights and obligations with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it until the cancellation or expiration of such Letters of Credit and the reimbursement of any amounts drawn thereunder. Upon request, and the surrender by the assigning Lender of its applicable Notes, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 
 (c)	 Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts and stated interest of the Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations (specifying the Reimbursement Obligations), Letter of Credit Borrowings and other amounts due under Section 2.04 owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower or any Lender (but only, in the case of a Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office and with respect to any entry relating to such Lender s Commitments, Loans, Letter of Credit Obligations and other Obligations), at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. This Section 11.07(c) and Section 2.13 shall be construed so that all Loans are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and any related Treasury regulations (or any other relevant or successor provisions of the Code or of such Treasury regulations). 

(d)	 Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender or any other Person sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Disqualified Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in Letters of Credit and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso of the first paragraph of Section 11.01 (other than clause (d) and (g) thereof) that directly and adversely affects such Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 (subject to the requirements of Sections 3.01(b) , (c) , (d) and (e) , as applicable (it being understood that the documentation required under such Sections shall be delivered to the participating Lender)), 3.04 and 3.05 (through the applicable Lender) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 11.09 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.15 as though it were a Lender. To the extent that any participation is purported to be made to a Disqualified Lender, such transaction shall be required immediately (and in any event within five Business Days) to be unwound and shall be deemed null and void (and the Borrower shall be entitled to seek specific performance in any applicable court of law or equity to enforce this sentence). 
 (e)	 Limitations upon Participant Rights . A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 , 3.04 or 3.05 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent or such entitlement to a greater payment results from a change in law that occurs after the Participant acquired the participation. Each Lender that sells a participation shall (acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower) maintain a register complying with the requirements of Sections 163(f), 871(h) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and the Treasury regulations (or any other relevant or successor provisions of the Code or of such Treasury regulations) issued thereunder relating to the exemption from withholding for portfolio interest on which is entered the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register ). A Lender shall not be obligated to disclose the Participant Register to any Person except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to establish that any Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) or proposed Section 1.163-5(b) of the United States Treasury regulations (or any amended or successor version). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 
 (f)	 Liens on Loans . Any Lender may, at any time without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Notes, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central bank; provided that no 

such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (g)	 Special Purpose Funding Vehicles . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (an SPC the option to provide all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Loan, and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. Each party hereto hereby agrees that (A) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement (including its obligations under Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 ), (B) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender would be liable, and (C) the Granting Lender shall for all purposes, including the approval of any amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of any Loan Document, remain the lender of record hereunder. The making of a Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior debt of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, or liquidation proceeding under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (1) with notice to, but without prior consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee of 3,500 (which processing fee may be waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), assign all or any portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any Loan to the Granting Lender and (2) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its funding of Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety or Guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. 
 (h)	 Affiliated Lenders . Any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations with respect to Loans and Commitments under this Agreement (including under Incremental Term Facilities) to a Person who is or will become, after such assignment, an Affiliated Lender (including any Affiliated Debt Fund) through (i) Dutch auctions open to all Lenders in accordance with the procedures set forth on Exhibit L or (ii) open market purchase on a non- pro rata basis, in each case subject to the following limitations applicable to Affiliated Lenders that are not Affiliated Debt Funds: 
 (i)	Such Affiliated Lenders (A) will not receive information provided solely to Lenders by the Administrative Agent or any Lender except to the extent such materials are made available to the Borrower and will not be permitted to attend or participate in conference calls or meetings attended solely by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, other than the right to receive notices of prepayments and other administrative notices in respect of its Term Loans or Commitments required to be delivered to Lenders pursuant to Article II , (B) will not receive the advice of counsel provided solely to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, and (C) may not challenge the attorney-client privilege between the Administrative Agent and counsel to the Administrative Agent or between the Lenders and counsel to the Lenders; 
 (ii)	the Assignment and Assumption will include either (A) a representation by the applicable Affiliated Lender acquiring or disposing of Term Loans in such assignment that, as of the date of any such purchase or sale, it is not in possession of material non-public information with respect to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their respective securities or (B) a statement by the 

applicable Affiliated Lender acquiring or disposing of Term Loans in such assignment that it cannot make the representation set forth in the foregoing clause (A); 
 (iii)	(A) the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans held by all Affiliated Lenders that are not Affiliated Debt Funds shall not exceed 25 of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Term Loans at the time of purchase or assignment (such percentage, the Affiliated Lender Term Loan Cap ), (B) unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Required Facility Lenders, regardless of whether consented to by the Administrative Agent or otherwise, no assignment which would result in Affiliated Lenders that are not Affiliated Debt Funds holding Term Loans with an aggregate principal amount in excess of the Affiliated Lender Term Loan Cap, shall in either case be effective with respect to such excess amount of the Term Loans (and such excess assignment shall be and be deemed null and void); provided that each of the parties hereto agrees and acknowledges that the Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any losses, damages, penalties, claims, demands, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by any Person in connection with any compliance or non-compliance with this clause (h)(iii) or any purported assignment exceeding the Affiliated Lender Term Loan Cap limitation or for any assignment being deemed null and void hereunder and (C) in the event of an acquisition pursuant to the last sentence of this clause (h) which would result in the Affiliated Lender Term Loan Cap being exceeded, the most recent assignment to an Affiliated Lender involved in such acquisition shall be unwound and deemed null and void to the extent that the Affiliated Lender Term Loan Cap, would otherwise be exceeded; 
 (iv)	Affiliated Lenders may not purchase Revolving Loans or Revolving Commitments; and 
 (v)	as a condition to each assignment pursuant to this clause (h), (A) the Administrative Agent shall have been provided a notice in the form of Exhibit D-2 to this Agreement in connection with each assignment to an Affiliated Lender or an Affiliated Debt Fund or a Person that upon effectiveness of such assignment would constitute an Affiliated Lender or an Affiliated Debt Fund, and (without limitation of the provisions of clause (iii) above) shall be under no obligation to record such assignment in the Register until three Business Days after receipt of such notice and (B) the Administrative Agent shall have consented to such assignment (which consent shall not be withheld unless the Administrative Agent reasonably believes that such assignment would violate clause (h)(iii) of this Section 11.07 ). 
 Each Affiliated Lender and each Affiliated Debt Fund agrees to notify the Administrative Agent promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days) if it acquires any Person who is also a Lender, and each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent promptly (and in any event within ten Business Days) if it becomes an Affiliated Lender or an Affiliated Debt Fund. Such notice shall contain the type of information required and be delivered to the same addressee as set forth in Exhibit D-2 . 
 (i)	 Voting Limitations . Notwithstanding anything in Section 11.01 or the definition of Required Lenders to the contrary: 
 (i)	for purposes of determining whether the Required Lenders have (A) consented (or not consented) to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, or subject to Section 11.07(j) , any plan of reorganization pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, (B) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (C) directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, in each case, that does not require the consent of a specific Lender, 

each Lender or each affected Lender, or does not affect such Affiliated Lender that is not an Affiliated Debt Fund in a disproportionately adverse manner as compared to other Lenders holding similar obligations, Affiliated Lenders that are not Affiliated Debt Funds will be deemed to have voted in the same proportion as non-affiliated Lenders voting on such matters; and 
 (ii)	Affiliated Debt Funds may not in the aggregate account for more than 49.9 of the amounts set forth in the calculation of Required Lenders and any amount in excess of 49.9 will be subject to the limitations set forth in clause (i)(i) above. 
 (j)	 Insolvency Proceedings . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary, each Affiliated Lender that is not an Affiliated Debt Fund hereby agrees that, if a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law shall be commenced by or against the Borrower or any other Loan Party at a time when such Lender is an Affiliated Lender, such Affiliated Lender irrevocably authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent to vote on behalf of such Affiliated Lender with respect to the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender in any manner in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, unless the Administrative Agent instructs such Affiliated Lender to vote, in which case such Affiliated Lender shall vote with respect to the Term Loans held by it as the Administrative Agent directs; provided that such Affiliated Lender shall be entitled to vote in accordance with its sole discretion (and not in accordance with the direction of the Administrative Agent) in connection with any plan of reorganization to the extent any such plan of reorganization proposes to treat any Obligations held by such Affiliated Lender in a manner that is less favorable in any material respect to such Affiliated Lender than the proposed treatment of similar Obligations held by Lenders that are not Affiliates of the Borrower. The Lenders and each Affiliated Lender that is not an Affiliated Debt Fund agree and acknowledge that the provisions set forth in this Section 11.07(j) and the related provisions set forth in each Assignment and Assumption entered into by an Affiliated Lender constitute a subordination agreement as such term is contemplated by, and utilized in, Section 510(a) of the United States Bankruptcy Code, and, as such, would be enforceable for all purposes in any case where Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has filed for protection under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors applicable to Holdings, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable. Each Affiliated Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Affiliated Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Affiliated Lender and in the name of such Affiliated Lender (solely in respect of Term Loans and participations therein and not in respect of any other claim or status such Affiliated Lender may otherwise have), from time to time in the Administrative Agent s discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to vote on behalf of such Affiliated Lender as set forth in this Section 11.07(j) . 
 (k)	 Resignation of Swing Line Lender and Issuing Bank . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender may, upon thirty days notice to the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders, resign as an Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, respectively; provided that on or prior to the expiration of such 30-day period with respect to such resignation, the relevant Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender shall have identified a successor Issuing Bank or Swing Line Lender reasonably acceptable to the Borrower willing to accept its appointment as successor Issuing Bank or Swing Line Lender hereunder. In the event of any such resignation of an Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders willing to accept such appointment a successor Issuing Bank or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of the relevant Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, except as expressly provided above. If an Issuing Bank resigns as an Issuing Bank, it shall retain all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an Issuing Bank and all Letter of Credit Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or 

fund risk participations in Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.04(c) ). If the Swing Line Lender resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.03(c) . Upon the appointment by the Borrower of a successor Issuing Bank of Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (i) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Issuing Bank or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, (ii) the retiring Issuing Bank or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (iii) the successor Issuing Bank shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to the retiring Issuing Bank to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring Issuing Bank with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 (l)	 Assignments to Borrower, etc . 
 (i)	Any Lender may, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations with respect to the Term Loans and the Term Loan Commitments under this Agreement to Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries through (i) Dutch auctions open to all Lenders in accordance with the procedures set forth on Exhibit L or (ii) open market purchase on a non-pro rata basis, in each case subject to the following limitations; provided , that: 
 (A)	if the assignee is Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, upon such assignment, transfer or contribution, the applicable assignee shall automatically be deemed to have contributed or transferred the principal amount of such Term Loans, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to the Borrower; or 
 (B)	if the assignee is the Borrower (including through contribution or transfers set forth in clause (A) above), (1) the principal amount of such Term Loans, along with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, so contributed, assigned or transferred to the Borrower shall be deemed automatically cancelled and extinguished on the date of such contribution, assignment or transfer and (2) the Borrower shall promptly provide notice to the Administrative Agent of such contribution, assignment or transfer of such Term Loans, and the Administrative Agent, upon receipt of such notice, shall reflect the cancellation of the applicable Term Loans in the Register; and 
 (C)	if the proceeds of any Revolving Loans are used to finance such purchase and assignment, on a Pro Forma Basis for such assignment the Borrower s Liquidity equals or exceeds 33 of the Revolving Commitments (whether or not drawn) as of the date of determination. 
 (ii)	Any Affiliated Lender may, in its discretion (but is not required to), assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations with respect to the Term Loans and the Term Loan Commitments under this Agreement to Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (regardless of whether any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom), on a non- pro rata basis, for purposes of cancelling such Term Loans or Term Loan Commitments, which may include contribution (with the consent of the Borrower) to the Borrower (whether through any of its direct or indirect parent entities or otherwise) in exchange for (A) debt on a dollar-for-dollar basis or (B) Equity Interests of the Borrower (or any of its direct 

or indirect parent entities) that are otherwise permitted to be incurred or issued by the Borrower (or such direct or indirect parent entity) at such time. 
 (m)	 Fronted Delayed Draw Term Loans . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, assignments pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.06(b) shall be permitted and shall not be subject to any of the restrictions set forth in this Section 11.07 . 
 SECTION 11.08	 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information in accordance with its customary procedures (as set forth below), except that Information may be disclosed, 
 (a)	to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential and in no event shall such disclosure be made to any Disqualified Lender pursuant to this clause (a) but only to the extent that a list of such Disqualified Lender is available to all Lenders upon request), 
 (b)	to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including the Federal Reserve Bank or any other central bank or any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), 
 (c)	to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, provided that the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, such Lead Arranger or such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as applicable, agrees that it will notify the Borrower as soon as practicable in the event of any such disclosure by such Person (other than at the request of a regulatory authority) unless such notification is prohibited by law, rule or regulation, 
 (d)	to any other party hereto (it being understood that in no event shall such disclosure be made to any Disqualified Lender pursuant to this clause (d) but only to the extent that a list of such Disqualified Lenders is available to all Lenders), 
 (e)	in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, 
 (f)	subject to an agreement containing provisions at least as restrictive as those of this Section 11.08 (it being understood that in no event shall such disclosure be made to any Disqualified Lender pursuant to this clause (f) but only to the extent that a list of such Disqualified Lenders is available to all Lenders upon request), to (i) any bona fide assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be an Additional Lender or (ii) any actual or prospective direct or indirect counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and their obligations, 
 (g)	with the prior written consent of the Borrower, 
 (h)	to any rating agency when required by it (it being understood that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to the Loan Parties received by it from such Lender), or 

(i)	to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 11.08 or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, any Lead Arranger, any Lender, any Issuing Bank, or any of their respective Affiliates on a non-confidential basis from a source other than Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof, and which source is not known by such Person to be subject to a confidentiality restriction in respect thereof in favor of the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower. 
 In addition, each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and the information about this Agreement to the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the Loans, market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 For purposes of this Section 11.08 , Information means all information received from or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof relating to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof; it being understood that all information received from Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof shall be deemed confidential unless such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as not being confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so in accordance with its customary procedures if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lead Arrangers and the Lenders acknowledges that (A) the Information may include Private-Side Information concerning Holdings, the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (B) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of Private-Side Information and (C) it will handle such Private-Side Information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein, nothing in any Loan Document shall require Holdings or any of their subsidiaries to provide information (i) that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (ii) in respect of which disclosure is prohibited by applicable Law, (iii) that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iv) the disclosure of which is restricted by binding agreements not entered into primarily for the purpose of qualifying for the exclusion in this clause (iv). 
 SECTION 11.09	 Set-off . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, without notice to any Loan Party or to any other Person (other than the Administrative Agent), any such notice being hereby expressly waived, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or such Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, the Letters of Credit and participations therein, irrespective of whether or not (a) such Lender or such Issuing Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (b) the principal of or the interest on the Loans or any amounts 

in respect of the Letters of Credit or any other amounts due hereunder shall have become due and payable pursuant to Article II and although such obligations of the Borrower or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or such Issuing Bank different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (i) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.15 and 2.19 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, and the Lenders, and (ii) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and each Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) that such Lender or such Issuing Bank or Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such set-off and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 
 SECTION 11.10	 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents with respect to any of the Obligations, shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If any Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by an Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. If the rate of interest under this Agreement at any time exceeds the Maximum Rate, the outstanding amount of the Loans made hereunder shall bear interest at the Maximum Rate until the total amount of interest due hereunder equals the amount of interest which would have been due hereunder if the stated rates of interest set forth in this Agreement had at all times been in effect. In addition, if when the Loans made hereunder are repaid in full the total interest due hereunder (taking into account the increase provided for above) is less than the total amount of interest which would have been due hereunder if the stated rates of interest set forth in this Agreement had at all times been in effect, then to the extent permitted by law, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the difference between the amount of interest paid and the amount of interest which would have been paid if the Maximum Rate had at all times been in effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is the intention of the Lenders and the Borrower to conform strictly to any applicable usury laws. 
 SECTION 11.11	 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging (including in.pdf or .tif format) means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 11.12	 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents . The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption or in any amendment or other modification hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal 

effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 SECTION 11.13	 Survival . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Borrowing or issuance of a Letter of Credit, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit remain outstanding. Notwithstanding anything herein or implied by law to the contrary, the agreements of each Loan Party set forth in Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , 11.04 , 11.05 and 11.09 and the agreements of the Lenders set forth in Sections 2.15 , 10.03 and 10.07 shall survive the satisfaction of the Termination Conditions, and the termination hereof. 
 SECTION 11.14	 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 11.14 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 SECTION 11.15	 GOVERNING LAW . 
 (a)	THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER (INCLUDING ANY CLAIMS SOUNDING IN CONTRACT LAW OR TORT LAW ARISING OUT OF THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND ANY DETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO POST-JUDGMENT INTEREST) AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b)	BY EXECUTING AND DELIVERING THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY HERETO (AND BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF ITS APPOINTMENT IN SUCH CAPACITY, EACH LEAD ARRANGER) IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN AND OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (OTHER THAN WITH RESPECT TO ACTIONS BY ANY AGENT IN RESPECT OF RIGHTS UNDER ANY SECURITY AGREEMENT GOVERNED BY A LAW OTHER THAN THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY COLLATERAL SUBJECT THERETO), OR FOR 

RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO (AND BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF ITS APPOINTMENT IN SUCH CAPACITY, EACH LEAD ARRANGER) IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO (AND BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF ITS APPOINTMENT IN SUCH CAPACITY, EACH LEAD ARRANGER) AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. EACH PARTY HERETO (AND BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF ITS APPOINTMENT IN SUCH CAPACITY, EACH LEAD ARRANGER) AGREES THAT THE AGENTS AND LENDERS RETAIN THE RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS UNDER ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT. 
 (c)	EACH LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO (AND BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF ITS APPOINTMENT IN SUCH CAPACITY, EACH LEAD ARRANGER) HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 SECTION 11.16	 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY . EACH PARTY HERETO (AND BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF ITS APPOINTMENT IN SUCH CAPACITY, EACH LEAD ARRANGER) HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. EACH PARTY HERETO (AND BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF ITS APPOINTMENT IN SUCH CAPACITY, EACH LEAD ARRANGER) (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION, THAT EACH HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THIS WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THIS WAVIER IN ITS RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH PARTY HERETO (AND BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF ITS APPOINTMENT IN SUCH CAPACITY, EACH LEAD ARRANGER) FURTHER WARRANTS AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL AND THAT IT KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH 

LEGAL COUNSEL. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING (OTHER THAN BY A MUTUAL WRITTEN WAIVER SPECIFICALLY REFERRING TO THIS SECTION 11.16 AND EXECUTED BY EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE LEAD ARRANGERS), AND THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS HERETO OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE LOANS MADE HEREUNDER. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT. 
 SECTION 11.17	 Limitation of Liability . The Loan Parties agree that no Indemnitee shall have any liability (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) to any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective equity holders or creditors for or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and in the other Loan Documents, except to the extent such liability is determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such Indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct or bad faith or breach by such Indemnitee of its material obligations under this Agreement. In no event, shall any party hereto, any Loan Party or any Indemnitee be liable on any theory of liability for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (including any loss of profits, business or anticipated savings) (other than, in the case of the Borrower, in respect of any such damages incurred or paid by an Indemnitee to a third party). Each party hereto (and by its acceptance of its appointment in such capacity, each Lead Arranger) hereby waives, releases and agrees (each for itself and on behalf of its Subsidiaries) not to sue upon any such claim for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. 
 SECTION 11.18	 Use of Name, Logo, Etc. Each Loan Party consents to the publication in the ordinary course by the Administrative Agent or any Lead Arranger of customary advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement using such Loan Party s name, product photographs, logo or Trademark; provided that any such Trademarks or logos are used solely in a manner that is not intended to or reasonably likely to harm or disparage the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or the reputation or goodwill of any of them. Such consent shall remain effective until revoked by such Loan Party in writing to the Administrative Agent and such Lead Arranger, as applicable. 
 SECTION 11.19	 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender that is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. Each Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 SECTION 11.20	 Service of Process . EACH PARTY HERETO (AND BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF ITS APPOINTMENT IN SUCH CAPACITY, EACH LEAD ARRANGER) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 11.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
 SECTION 11.21	 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other 

modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding that: (a) (i) the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Agents, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender and the Lead Arrangers on the one hand, and the Loan Parties and their Affiliates, on the other hand, (ii) each of the Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (iii) each of the Loan Parties is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (b) (i) the Agents, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender and the Lead Arrangers are and have been, and each Lender is and has been, acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, have or has not been, are or is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Loan Parties, its stockholders or its Affiliates (irrespective of whether any Lender has advised, is currently advising or will advise any Loan Party, its stockholders or its Affiliates on other matters), or any other Person and (ii) none of the Agents, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender, the Lead Arrangers nor any Lender has any obligation to the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (c) the Agents, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender, the Lead Arrangers, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders and/or their affiliates, and none of the Agents, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender, the Lead Arrangers nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower, Holdings or any of their respective Affiliates. Each Loan Party agrees that nothing in the Loan Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Lender, on the one hand, and such Loan Party, its stockholders or its affiliates, on the other. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Agents, the Issuing Banks, the Swing Line Lender, the Lead Arrangers or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 SECTION 11.22	 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Borrower, Holdings and the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by each Lender and each Issuing Bank that each such Lender or each such Issuing Bank has executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, Holdings, each Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank and their respective successors and assigns. 
 SECTION 11.23	 Obligations Several; Independent Nature of Lender s Rights . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and no Lender shall be responsible for the obligations or Commitments of any other Lender hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other Loan Document, and no action taken by the Lenders pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Lenders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity. The amounts payable at any time hereunder to each Lender shall be a separate and independent debt, and each Lender shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights arising out hereof and it shall not be necessary for any other Lender to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. 
 SECTION 11.24	 Headings . Section headings herein are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 
 SECTION 11.25	 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of 

any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a)	the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
 (b)	the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (i)	a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 (ii)	a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (iii)	the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 MISTER CAR WASH HOLDINGS, INC. , as Borrower 
 By:	__________________________________ Name: Title: 

HOTSHINE INTERMEDIATECO, INC. , as Holdings 
 By:	__________________________________ Name: Title: 

JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC , as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 
 By:	__________________________________ Name: Title: 

JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC , as Term Lender (including with respect to the Initial Term Loans and Delayed Draw Commitments), Revolving Lender, Swing Line Lender and Issuing Bank 
 By:	__________________________________ 	Name: 	Title: 

BANK OF MONTREAL , as Revolving Lender and Issuing Bank 
 By:	__________________________________ Name: Title: 

UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH , as Revolving Lender and Issuing Bank 
 By:	__________________________________ Name: Title: 

NOMURA CORPORATE FUNDING AMERICAS, LLC , as Revolving Lender and Issuing Bank 
 By:	__________________________________ Name: Title: 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 mcw-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 MISTER CAR WASH, INC. 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

MCW GC, LLC 
 Arizona 

Prime Shine, LLC 
 California 

Car Wash Headquarters, LLC 
 Delaware 

Car Wash Partners, LLC 
 Delaware 

Clean Streak Ventures LLC 
 Delaware 

CWP Asset Corp. 
 Delaware 

CWP California Corp. 
 Delaware 

CWP Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 

CWP Management Corp. 
 Delaware 

CWP West, LLC 
 Delaware 

CWPS Corp. 
 Delaware 

CWPU Corp. 
 Delaware 

DWB Tucson Holdings, LLC 
 Delaware 

Hotshine Intermediate Co. 
 Delaware 

MDKMH Partners. Inc. 
 Delaware 

Mesquite Logistics, LLC 
 Delaware 

Mister Car Wash Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 

PS Acquisition Sub Corp. 
 Delaware 

Sunshine Acquisition Sub Corp. 
 Delaware 

Amzak Carwashes LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Acquisition, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Curry Ford, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Opco, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco 229, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Altamonte, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco BBD, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Clermont, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Colonial, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Cutler Bay, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Havendale, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Hillsborough, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Lakeland North, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Lakeland, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Land O Lakes, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Landstar, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Mid Lakeland, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco New Tampa, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Nona, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Oviedo, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Poinciana, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Port Orange, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco PSL 9200, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Semoran, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco Wesley Chapel, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Propco, LLC 
 Florida 

CFCW Red Bug, LLC 
 Florida 

Tampa Car Wash Operations, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Acquisition, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Opco, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Propco Bonita, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Propco Colonial, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Propco Daniels, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Propco Goldenwood, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Propco McCall LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Propco Naples, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Propco Rattlesnake, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Propco Vintage, LLC 
 Florida 

WFCW Propco, LLC 
 Florida 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 mcw-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-266286 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement No. 333-257401 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Mister Car Wash, Inc., and the effectiveness of Mister Car Wash, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Tempe, Arizona February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 mcw-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John Lai, certify that: 
 1.I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mister Car Wash, Inc.; 
 2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
 a)designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b)designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c)evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d)disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a)all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b)any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ John Lai 

John Lai 

Chairperson, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 mcw-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jedidiah Gold, certify that: 
 1.I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mister Car Wash, Inc.; 
 2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 
 a)designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b)designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c)evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d)disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a)all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b)any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Jedidiah Gold 

Jedidiah Gold 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 mcw-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Mister Car Wash, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1)The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ John Lai 

John Lai 

Chairperson, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 mcw-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Mister Car Wash, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 (1)The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2)The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 24, 2023 

/s/ Jedidiah Gold 

Jedidiah Gold 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mcw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mcw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mcw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 mcw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 mcw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

