<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1822691_0000950170-23-010351.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22091655</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1128759</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3974444</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9741246</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2902768</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3908600</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010351.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328171103
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010351
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001822691
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				851914700
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39894
		FILM NUMBER:		23770546

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BOSTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3100
		CITY:			MEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02155
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 616-8188

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BOSTON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3100
		CITY:			MEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02155

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Environmental Impact Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200826

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010351.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 grna-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _____________________ TO _____________________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on Nasdaq Global Market on June 30, 2022, was . 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 15, 2023 was . 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 # 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 36 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 87 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 87 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 88 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 88 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 89 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 89 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 90 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 107 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 107 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 107 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 107 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 109 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 109 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 110 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 116 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 127 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 129 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 132 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 134 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 136 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding, among other things, our business and financial plans, strategies and prospects, future results of operations and financial position, market size, potential growth opportunities, nonclinical and clinical development activities, efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates, potential therapeutic benefits and economic value of our product candidates, use of net proceeds from our public offerings, our ability to maintain and recognize the benefits of certain designations received by product candidates, the timing and results of nonclinical studies and clinical trials, commercial collaboration with third parties, and our ability to recognize milestone and royalty payments from commercialization agreements, the potential impact of global business or macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and rising interest rates, and the receipt and timing of potential regulatory designations, approvals and commercialization of product candidates, are forward-looking statements. These statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words estimate, expect, project, forecast, may, can, believe , target, might, will, should, seek, plan, scheduled, possible, anticipate, intend, aim, aspire, predict, contemplate, strive or similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and 
 i 

assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Annual Report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. You should read this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. Unless the context indicates otherwise, as used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we, us, our, , the Company or New GreenLight refer to GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise noted. 
 This Annual Report contains market data and industry forecasts that were obtained from industry publications. These data involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently verified any third-party information. While we believe the market position, market opportunity and market size information included in this Annual Report is generally reliable, such information is inherently imprecise. 

ii 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in shares of our common stock. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: 
 Our recurring losses from operations raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern; 

We are an early-stage biotechnology company without any products or services currently available for sale and we may not be able to successfully develop or bring products or services to market; 

We have not generated any product revenues to date and expect to incur losses and negative cash flow for the foreseeable future; 

Failure to timely access the Company s cash on deposit with Silicon Valley Bank SVB and the ability to access its cash equivalents and marketable securities may result in a material adverse effect on the Company, its business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect the Company s current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. 

We will require substantial additional capital to complete our research and development activities, and, if additional funds are not available, we may need to significantly scale back or cease our business; 

Due to our limited resources and access to capital, we must make decisions on the allocation of resources to certain programs and product candidates; these decisions may prove to be wrong and may adversely affect our business; 

If we fail to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, our common stock may be delisted and the price of our common stock and our ability to access capital markets could be negatively impacted; 

An active trading market for our common stock may never develop or be sustained; 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors; 

We have not yet succeeded and may not succeed in demonstrating the efficacy and safety of any of our product candidates in clinical trials or in obtaining marketing approval thereafter. We have not yet completed a clinical trial of any product candidate and we have not yet assessed safety of any product candidate in humans. As such, there may be adverse effects from treatment with any of our current or future product candidates that we cannot predict at this time; 

We may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for the Company s product candidates, which is taking longer than anticipated and which cannot be assured or Emergency Use Authorization even if vaccine candidates are approved by regulators ; 

The risk that failure by us or our vendors to comply with regulatory requirements, including good manufacturing practices, may materially delay preclinical studies, clinical trials or regulatory approval, any of which may impact commercialization of the affected product candidates; 

The risk that the Company s product candidates will have adverse side effects or other unintended consequences, which could impair their marketability; 

The risk that the Company s product candidates do not satisfy other legal and regulatory requirements for marketability in one or more jurisdictions; 

The risks of enhanced regulatory scrutiny of solutions utilizing messenger ribonucleic acid mRNA as a basis; 

The potential inability to achieve the Company s goals regarding scalability, affordability and speed of commercialization of its product candidates; 

Changes in the industries in which the Company operates; 

Changes in laws and regulations affecting the business of the Company; 

The potential inability to implement or achieve business plans, forecasts, and other expectations; and 

Our corporate restructuring and the associated headcount reduction may not result in anticipated savings, could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than expected and could disrupt our business. 

1 

TRADEMARKS 
 
 This document contains references to trademarks, trade names and service marks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, trade names and service marks referred to in this annual report on Form 10-K may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that the applicable owner will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, for purposes of this section, the terms we, us, the Company or GreenLight refer to GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC and its subsidiaries. 
 Overview 
 GreenLight has a clear mission: To create products addressing some of humanity s greatest challenges through the rigorous application of science. 
 We aim to achieve this goal through our cell-free biomanufacturing platform. This platform enables us to make complex biological molecules nucleic acids, peptides, carbohydrates, and many others in a manner that we believe will allow us to manufacture high-quality products at a lower cost than traditional methods using fermentation. We are using this platform to develop and commercialize products that, if they receive appropriate regulatory approvals, address agricultural, human health and animal health issues. 
 Humanity faces numerous challenges. There are more than eight billion people sharing the diminishing resources of Earth. This growing population needs to produce more food with the same amount of land and, at the same time, honor the global desire and increasing technical need to replace chemical pesticides. Not only are these pesticides facing increased consumer opposition and threat of outright bans due to environmental damage, but many are losing their effectiveness. 
 More than half the world s population now lives in cities, breathing the same air that carries pathogens and causes infections. Humanity needs to adapt and tackle pandemics both for those who have and for those who do not have access to good health care around the planet. 
 To address these issues, we need to develop high-quality, cost-effective products that can be deployed widely, including to developing countries. We believe ribonucleic acid, or RNA, can be the critical aspect to these products. 
 RNA gained broad global prominence in recent years as the COVID-19 pandemic swept through the world s population, prompting messenger RNA, or mRNA, vaccines to move from a scientific theory to a medical reality. Vaccines made using mRNA proved among the fastest to develop and the easiest to update for newer strains of COVID-19. 
 While the fast rollout of mRNA vaccines helped change the course of the pandemic, this is just one part of the story. The full potential for RNA in human health has not yet been realized. Beyond human health, RNA-based technology can also be deployed to address other global issues, including agricultural needs for crop protection. 
 Our technology platform, which was initially developed to produce agricultural crop protection products and is protected by patents and know-how, is capable of synthesizing building blocks (nucleotides), building tools (enzymes), and instructions (DNA templates) to make double-stranded RNA, or dsRNA, within an integrated process. The know-how that we gained from our experience with designing and developing our dsRNA platform process and analytics provided the foundation upon which we designed and developed our mRNA production process and analytics. For more information on our proprietary platform, see Business Our Manufacturing Platform and Capabilities . 
 We have several dsRNA-based products in our agricultural pipeline that, if commercialized, we believe can change the way in which farmers protect crops, allowing them to better utilize the land dedicated to agriculture and produce foods with less or no pesticide residue. Two of these potential products, Calantha TM , which is designed to manage Colorado potato beetles, and our varroa mite solution, which is designed to protect bees, have been submitted to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for approval. Our other dsRNA-based agricultural products are in various earlier stages of development, ranging from proof of concept in the lab to proof of technology in the greenhouse and proof of scale in the field. See Business Plant Health Product Pipeline for additional information on the development process. In order to commercialize a product for the U.S. agricultural market, we must complete specified toxicology and environmental studies, submit a registration dossier to the EPA demonstrating that the product does not pose unreasonable risks to human health or the environment, respond adequately to any deficiencies 
 2 

identified by the EPA through its risk assessment process and obtain the EPA s approval of our labeling. The EPA must also establish a tolerance level for the product or issue a tolerance exemption. We must separately obtain any applicable state or foreign regulatory approvals where we want to commercialize our products. For more information regarding the regulatory process, see Business Government Regulation Agricultural Products and Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Plant Health Program . 
 Our COVID-19 vaccine program and shingles vaccine program are the primary focus areas of our human health pipeline. Other potential product candidates in our human health pipeline are in early stages of pre-clinical research and development. To get to the pre-investigational new drug IND application phase for our product candidates in our human health pipeline, we must successfully design and test the product candidates in animal models, achieve positive results, select the product candidates to progress to IND-enabling toxicology studies, develop chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) protocols and create a development plan to discuss with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and other foreign health regulatory authorities, as applicable, as part of pre-consultations, and manufacture, fill and finish the vaccine candidate material. Significant uncertainty exists as to whether any of other potential product candidates will reach the candidate selection phase. 
 AN INTRODUCTION TO RNA 
 RNA is present in all known life forms and plays an essential role in numerous biological processes, including the control of gene expression through RNA interference (RNAi) and as a messenger for protein synthesis. Consequently, RNA molecules are being studied for use in potential products in many fields, such as agriculture (e.g., dsRNA-based insecticides or fungicides) and human health (e.g., mRNA-based vaccines and therapies). 
 
 RNA can be transformative for human health and plant health: 
 Plant health where dsRNA can be leveraged to regulate the expression of a target protein by interfering with its message. Such RNA-mediated interference can form the basis for highly targeted pesticides or protection against parasites. 

Human health where mRNA can be used to express specific proteins which form the basis of vaccines as well as other therapies. 

RNA in agriculture 
 New crop-protection strategies are urgently needed as pests become resistant to existing pesticide products. Many existing products are also being limited through primary regulatory action (government regulations) or secondary regulations (food chain regulation) because of concerns about their effects on humans or the environment, with environmental concerns including off-target toxicity and long-term effects on crops, soil, and water. Together, these factors spur the need to develop alternative crop-protection products with new modes of action and improved safety profiles. 
 Double-stranded RNA products in agriculture exploit a natural biological process called RNA interference (RNAi). This is a biological process found in many eukaryotic organisms, which break down dsRNA that has been taken into a cell into short fragments known as small interfering RNA (siRNA). The presence of these small RNA fragments can lead to the degradation of complementary mRNA, thereby limiting or stopping the synthesis of the protein that is encoded by the mRNA (e.g., a protein that is of vital importance to a harmful pest insect). 
 RNA-based pesticides may be able to give us more environmentally friendly ways to protect crops and beneficial insects while effectively stopping harmful pests. Much of our ability to design products that are intended to improve the environmental profile associated with crop protection products relies on our ability to design an RNA sequence that is only found in the organism(s) that we desire to manage. In this design process, we will compare the genome of our target species to the genome of other species that may co-exist with it, including humans, with the goal of avoiding off-target effects. 
 
 RNA in human health 
 Messenger RNA s features make it broadly valuable for potential use in human health, whether as a prophylactic vaccine or a therapy. It is well known that mRNA has been used to make some of the most effective COVID-19 vaccines and that these vaccines have been developed quickly, which is critical for a pandemic response. Far more than a billion doses of mRNA COVID-19 vaccine have already been produced globally. We are developing multiple mRNA vaccine candidates such as shingles vaccine candidates, an improved vaccine designed to be more broadly protective against COVID-19, and personalized oncology vaccines. 
 DNA encodes the instructions for life to function. DNA is transcribed into mRNA, which is processed and translated by the ribosome as it synthesizes proteins. Instructions to make proteins that perform many critical functions are transcribed from the 
 3 

DNA to mRNA. mRNA is a polymer generally comprised of four ribonucleotides (adenine, guanine, cytosine, and uracil), the sequence of which determines the composition of the protein that the mRNA encodes. Synthetic mRNA can be produced in manufacturing facilities for delivery into the cellular cytoplasm, enabling the cells to produce proteins as vaccines or for therapy. 
 mRNA has many useful attributes: 
 Wide range of applications: mRNA can encode for any protein (intracellular, membrane-bound, or secreted), giving it many potential uses e.g. , as a component of vaccines or therapies). 

Transient expression: The body has mechanisms to degrade mRNA, allowing for repeat dosing and a dose-response which can be tailored for the needs of the pharmaceutical product. 

Fast development: Relatively simple changes to the mRNA molecule are needed to produce different therapeutic proteins, enabling a fast turnaround from gene selection to product. For instance, if a booster vaccine is needed for a new variant, no changes will need to be made except to the mRNA sequence itself. 

Flexible manufacturing: A single manufacturing facility can produce different vaccines and therapies with appropriate controls in place, as the process of producing the mRNA is essentially the same regardless of the product will little need for major manufacturing changes. 

Until recent years, it was very difficult to stabilize mRNA, understand its interaction with the human immune system and avoid innate immune activation, or deliver it into target cells at effective levels. Addressing these challenges has allowed the development of the RNA industry and its rapid deployment as a global healthcare product. 
 OUR BUSINESS MODEL AND GROWTH STRATEGY 
 
 As a company, we aim to make the benefits of RNA, and other biologics, accessible to everyone. 
 In human health, we are developing vaccines and RNA therapeutics to alleviate or cure critical diseases facing patients worldwide. In agriculture, we are developing products that promote sustainability and supplement or replace traditional pesticides and fungicides with RNA in farmers crop-protection and enhancement programs. 
 Our technology platform provides for integrated discovery, design, and development of RNA-based products and gives rise to three distinct capabilities that underpin a sustainable business model and bring capabilities normally used in advanced pharma discovery to agriculture and human health: 
 Identification and design : Machine learning and proprietary algorithms are key tools as we work to identify the best gene target candidates for dsRNA-based products and seek to design safe and effective dsRNA against those targets. For mRNA-based products in human health, we identify the protein that we are seeking to have the patient express e.g ., an antigen for a prophylactic vaccine application) and seek to design safe and effective mRNA according to our design rules. As we accumulate data across our programs throughout their various stages of development, we incorporate learnings for future improvements to our design and discovery processes. 

Develop and optimize : Our ability to produce RNA and formulate it in-house fuels development. Depending on the testing needs of the program and the stage of development, we can produce various RNAs (types, compositions, lengths) at different scales (ranging from micrograms to kilograms) and various levels of purity with fast turnaround. For instance, we might screen dozens to several hundreds of RNAs in early discovery using microgram to milligram quantities that can be produced and analyzed in one week. As lead sequences are identified, we may seek to improve them by further iterating on their designs. In addition, as the leads progress further in development, we will produce them at the milligram to gram scale e.g. , for in vivo animal studies with mRNA in human health or for greenhouse trials with dsRNA in agriculture). We also have kilogram-scale capability for dsRNA e.g., for supplying global field trials). 

Manufacturing : We have developed two manufacturing processes, one for plant health (dsRNA) and one for human health (mRNA) that both rely on synthesis of RNA from RNA building blocks, enzymes, and DNA templates and require many of the same analytical methods for assessing in-process control and product quality. We can produce dsRNA products through our proprietary cell-free system. Our current production scale is 2,000 liters per batch. Our mRNA process has been used to produce clinical trial material under phase-appropriate current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations for use in human trials. Our mRNA process has been demonstrated at commercial scale i.e ., basis of 50-liter mRNA synthesis reaction) at a contract development and manufacturing organization. See Business Our Manufacturing Platform and Capabilities for additional details. 

4 

In the next five years, our pipeline includes seven agricultural products planned for launch and several human health product candidates with clinical milestones, including Phase I clinical trials, in each case, subject to applicable regulatory approvals. 
 We anticipate this pipeline will demonstrate: 
 Fast development of agricultural products. Calantha TM will, if approved in 2023, have taken five years from first field trials to market compared to a typical 10-year cycle at major agribusinesses. 

Rapid integration of acquisitions. We acquired Bayer s topical RNA treatment for honeybees that targets the varroa mite in December 2020. By May 2021, we were conducting further field trials. In February 2023, we submitted our dossier for this product to the EPA for review. 

Validation of our mRNA platform. We are working toward clinical proof of concept of our COVID-19 mRNA vaccine candidate. We have updated our clinical strategy to leapfrog monovalent and bivalent vaccines and advance to progressing our pan-sarbecovirus mRNA vaccine candidate. 

Our growth strategy in plant health is to pursue significant market opportunities where RNA has the greatest potential to provide growers with improved pest control and the sustainable nature of our products (e.g., benefits to honeybees and low to no residue) delivers the most impact for society and aligns most closely with macro trends from consumers and regulators. When we use the term sustainable, we refer to our efforts to align economic development with environmental protection and human well-being as well as our anticipated obligations as a Public Benefit Corporation under 362(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 For our plant health products, we define total addressable market as the global revenue opportunity available to pesticide solutions controlling a target pest or disease. In most instances, we do this by defining a relevant active ingredient market for the crop or crops where we intend to market our products and then making an assumption as to the percentage of that market that is spent on controlling the target pest or disease. We use data from AgBioinvestor and FAOSTAT (a database run by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations), and data purchased from third party consultants is used to quantify the market and underpin assumptions. In order to address the total insecticide and fungicide markets we identify pests or diseases in that market, develop targeted dsRNA sequences for them and attempt to develop the best delivery mechanism for that dsRNA. Over time, we intend to expand beyond RNA, building on our capabilities. In human health, we intend to pursue markets where RNA can provide better products (faster, cost effective or more efficacious) to improve standards of care for patients across infectious diseases, oncology/autoimmune products, and in a variety of additional indications through potential third party collaborations. 
 Planned products and milestones 
 Agricultural programs we currently have planned for earliest launch opportunity in the next five years include protection against: 

Human health programs in our current pipeline include: 

5 

See Plant Health Product Pipeline and Human Health Product Pipeline below for additional information regarding our pipeline programs. 
 OUR MANUFACTURING PLATFORM AND CAPABILITIES 
 Our platform, developed through years of research and technology development, is protected by know-how and foundational patents. 
 Overview of manufacturing process for agriculture 
 While the potential advantages of dsRNA for use in agriculture have been known for some time, production cost has historically been a barrier. Our proprietary cell-free dsRNA manufacturing process was designed to achieve an economically viable scale (i.e., metric tons per annum) and cost of goods for competing in broadacre agriculture markets (e.g., 
 Our proprietary process begins with cellular RNA obtained from inexpensive, readily available sources (e.g., yeast). This cellular RNA is broken up (depolymerized) into RNA building blocks (nucleoside monophosphates) using a nuclease enzyme. The desired dsRNA is then synthesized from these nucleoside monophosphates using carefully selected enzymes that energize the building blocks (into nucleoside triphosphates) and polymerize them into the desired RNA according to a corresponding DNA template. Key to this dsRNA synthesis process and its economic viability is that we employ inorganic polyphosphate as the energy source, which is inexpensive and readily available like the nucleotide source (cellular RNA). We also produce the required enzymes and DNA templates via scalable fermentation-based processes using proprietary microbial strains, all of which were developed at GreenLight with scale and cost in mind. In addition, enzymes that have a high temperature tolerance were selected to facilitate the production of high-energy nucleotides. The utilization of such enzymes allows high temperature to be incorporated in their preparation, providing a way to mitigate undesirable contaminating activities (e.g., RNA-degrading enzymes, DNA-degrading enzymes, nucleotide-degrading/altering enzymes, protein-degrading enzymes) from entering the RNA synthesis portion of the process and affecting quality and yield. 
 Regarding the scalability of our cell-free manufacturing platform, we have increased our production scale of dsRNA from microliters to our current 2,000-liter capacity with no material impact on quality or process yields. Regarding the flexibility of the platform, we have synthesized numerous dsRNAs of varying lengths and compositions across these scales in order to supply material for testing at all stages of product development from early discovery to greenhouse to field trials. We believe our expertise and proprietary technology will allow us to increase batch sizes to 10,000 liters and beyond, which will allow us to reduce the cost of our dsRNA products. 
 
 Our manufacturing for agriculture 
 Our dsRNA manufacturing facility in Rochester, New York, is designed for process development while generating samples for research and market development with a design basis of 1,000 kg of dsRNA production per year. The facility has a raw material storage and handling area, high bay wet-processing area with floor drains, two 1,200-liter fermenters, two 2,000-liter cell-free reactors, NMP preparation tanks, formulation, packaging, development laboratory, analytical laboratory, loading dock, and cold storage areas. This plant currently has 18 process engineers, technicians, research associates, and quality-control personnel for commercial production of plant health products. 
 Of our two 2,000-liter reactors, one has been operational since the second quarter of 2021, and we are planning to have the other online by the end of the second quarter of 2023 as part of our plan to increase manufacturing capacity to 1,000 kg of dsRNA per year. If we obtain the appropriate regulatory approvals to commercialize our products as we project in our agricultural product pipeline, we expect that this capacity will enable us to meet our agricultural product needs through mid-2024. 
 
 Overview of manufacturing process for human health 
 Messenger RNA is produced using a state-of-the art process. mRNA is synthesized (via an in vitro transcription reaction) from RNA building blocks (nucleoside triphosphates and a co-transcriptional capping reagent) that are assembled by an enzyme (RNA polymerase) according to a set of molecular instructions (DNA template) that encodes for the desired mRNA. The resulting mRNA is comprised of elements (a 5 -untranslated region, a protein-coding region, a 3 -unstranslated region, and a poly(A) tail) that ultimately enable protein expression (e.g., of an antigen for a prophylactic vaccine application) upon delivery to human cells. The mRNA undergoes several purification steps to reach the highest quality levels for safety. This process scales linearly from milliliter-scale to commercially relevant scale (50 liters), achieving 12 grams of mRNA per liter of reaction. 
 6 

For our most advanced programs, the purified mRNA is encapsulated in lipid nanoparticles (LNPs) to facilitate delivery to target cells in humans. The LNPs protect the mRNA from degradation and enables its uptake into the cells so that the mRNA can be used to express the protein of interest. The manufacturing process for mRNA-LNP involves two liquid streams colliding at high velocity in a jet-mixing chamber, one of which contains lipids and one of which contains mRNA. After some additional processing, a cryoprotectant is added before the product is sterile-filtered and stored prior to fill-finish. 
 
 Our manufacturing for human health 
 In June 2022, we terminated our lease for cleanrooms in Burlington, Massachusetts. In May 2022, we entered into a lease in Lexington, Massachusetts for office and laboratory space with existing cleanrooms. We are executing on a plan to be able to qualify the cleanrooms for early phase clinical material production (multi-gram scale) by year-end 2023. We will continue to use CMOs to fill/finish and label/pack our clinical material. We plan to use a contract development and manufacturing organization, or CDMO, to produce mRNA in larger quantities. In November 2021, we engaged Samsung Biologics Co., Ltd. Samsung as a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) for scale up and commercial scale production of our mRNA COVID-19 vaccine candidate pursuant to a Master Services Agreement (the MSA and a Product Specific Agreement (the PSA , and together with the MSA, the Samsung Agreements ). Under the Samsung Agreements, Samsung is performing pharmaceutical development and manufacturing services for us over a period of years at its South Korean facility in exchange for service fees. We agreed that, if we enter into a purchase agreement for commercial quantities of drug product, we will pay Samsung, on a minimum take-or-pay basis for each year under that agreement, for our minimum purchase commitments, as determined pursuant to the terms of the Samsung Agreements. Based on our minimum purchase commitments, we expect to pay Samsung a minimum of approximately 8.8 million in service fees under the Samsung Agreements, excluding the cost of raw materials, which we must supply to Samsung separately. These fees include initial technology and analytical method transfer fees, process development and scale-up fees, process characterization fees, an annual project management fee, and per-batch engineering run fees. Based on our current schedule, we incurred 5.9 million of expense in 2022, with any remaining expense we expect to incur in 2023. If we move to commercial production, the agreement provides for additional process validation, inspection, cleaning, stability testing and commercial production fees, most of which would be incurred on a per-batch basis. 
 The Samsung Agreements will terminate on December 31, 2026, unless earlier terminated or extended in accordance with their terms. If we terminate the Samsung Agreements, we will generally be responsible for paying the purchase price for our aggregate product commitment for the remainder of the term, less any amounts we have already paid. Samsung agreed that, at or before the end of the term of the Samsung Agreements, it will assist us to transfer the commercial scale manufacturing process to a facility designated by us. The Samsung Agreements impose limits on Samsung s liability to us for breaches of the agreements. 
 
 Supply for research and development 
 Depending on the testing needs of the program and the stage of development, we can produce various RNAs at various scales and levels of purity with a rapid turnaround. 
 Our dsRNA high through-put sample production capabilities are based at our Medford, MA site. We are able to produce about 100 products per week at the microgram to milligram scale for use in early discovery efforts to identify lead sequences or later in development to improve on the leads. We can also produce multi-gram scale quantities at a rate of about 10 products per month if required to support studies that necessitate significantly more material (e.g., lab assays on plant material or greenhouse trials). These materials are typically sent to our Durham, North Carolina facility for formulation. 
 Our mRNA production capabilities are based at our Lexington, MA site. We are able to produce about 100 products per week at the microgram to milligram scale for use in discovery (e.g., antigen screening or antigen selection). We are also able to produce about 15 products per month at the 20 to 250mg scale if required to support translational research studies that necessitate significantly more material (e.g., in vivo studies in animals). For samples that require mRNA encapsulation, we also have this routine capability at our Lexington, MA site. 
 
 Supply for clinical trials toxicology tests 
 In 2021, we produced clinical material for our COVID-19 vaccine candidate, GLB-COV2-043 under phase-appropriate cGMP regulations for use in human trials. We engaged contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) to complete the GMP fill/finish and clinical label/pack of these materials. We are in the process of reestablishing our ability to produce GMP clinical trial material in our Lexington facility, which we expect will be completed in the second half of 2023. 
 We have also produced mRNA and LNP formulations for multiple IND-enabling toxicology studies under Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) procedures in our Lexington facility. 
 7 

Human Health Product PIPELINE 
 Overview 
 The key pillars of our human health strategy are as follows: 
 Developing vaccines for infectious diseases, especially those addressing unmet medical needs in lower- and middle- income countries . Consistent with its public benefit corporation status, GreenLight is striving to support global, sustainable vaccine access and pandemic response readiness. 

Developing innovative products to address unmet medical needs in oncology and autoimmune diseases . This work has begun with the collaboration with EpiVax Therapeutics, Inc. to co-develop and commercialize personalized cancer vaccines, with the initial indication for the first potential product candidate targeting bladder cancer. 

Continued advancement of GreenLight s mRNA technology platform through innovations and to seek potential partnerships with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies . 

Our mRNA platform consists of: 
 The manufacturing process used to produce the product (described above) 

The mRNA molecule 

The delivery vehicle it uses to reach the target tissue 

All elements of the platform affect product characteristics, such as purity, potency, and immunogenicity, so our teams work on optimizing mRNA molecules and delivery vehicles for a given indication, and the performance and cost of the manufacturing process. 
 
 mRNA molecule design 
 Changes in the mRNA molecule will result in changes in the protein we intend to express, mRNA stability, safety of the product and the immune response to the product. 
 First, we must choose the right target protein, after which an mRNA has to be designed for it. A well-designed mRNA molecule, with necessary modifications, will carry instructions for the relevant protein to be expressed safely and efficiently and for the desired duration. The mRNA composition can be optimized to avoid undesirable immune responses while increasing protein expression (or potency). 
 
 Delivery vehicles 
 To facilitate the mRNA to reach its destination without degradation, we must formulate it into a delivery vehicle. The delivery system s design can influence potency, immunogenicity, safety and the product s shelf life when stored before administration. 
 One such delivery system consists of encapsulating mRNA in lipid nanoparticles (LNPs). We work with several established companies that have extensive experience in clinical LNPs for our vaccine candidates. We are able to routinely produce our mRNA-containing LNPs to support our research and development efforts. In addition, we work on stabilizing the LNPs to improve the storage conditions and shelf life of our products. 
 
 Our human health pipeline 
 We are currently working on infectious disease and oncology vaccine targets. We are exploring ways to expand our pipeline to include additional therapeutic areas, including gene therapies, in the future. 
 To get to the candidate selection phase of our product candidates in our human health pipeline, we must design and test the product candidates in vitro and in animal models, select the top product candidate to progress to IND-enabling toxicology studies, develop chemistry, manufacturing, and controls protocols and processes, create a clinical development plan to discuss with national health regulatory authorities as part of pre-consultation meetings, and manufacture, fill and finish the vaccine candidate material. 
 In order to begin Phase I clinical trials for any type of vaccine candidate in the United States, we must first successfully complete the required pre-clinical pharmacology and toxicology study for demonstrating reasonable safety of the product candidate, submit an IND application to the FDA, which will include the scope of our proposed Phase I clinical trial, and satisfy all requirements required by the FDA for approval of the IND. We can offer no assurance that any clinical trial applications we 
 8 

may file will be approved by regulatory authorities. Additionally, in order to begin Phase I clinical trials, we must first produce the Phase I IND candidates in compliance with applicable cGMP regulations and conformity to our chemistry, manufacturing and controls protocols. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Manufacturing Platform. 
 Prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases 
 The objective of a prophylactic vaccine is to expose the body to a protein (called the antigen) that is present in the disease-causing virus or bacterium so that it can generate a protective immune response in the absence of the pathogen and be prepared to fight the actual infection, should it occur in the future. mRNA could be used to encode the antigen as a way to expose the body to a component of the pathogen, avoiding the use of whole infectious agents. 
 Vaccines that use mRNAs present significant advantages compared to non-mRNA vaccines, including: 
 The antigen expressed is a true match to the protein present in the pathogen, thus increasing the potential for an effective immune response as compared to vaccines produced through other methods in which manufacturing processes may result in changes to the antigen. 

The short development time from antigen selection to clinical trials and rapid manufacturing makes mRNA ideal for emerging epidemics or pandemic response. This is why the two mRNA COVID-19vaccines were among the fastest to be authorized. 

The same manufacturing plant can be used to produce mRNA vaccines against multiple potential indications. 

Opportunity 
 Immunization with prophylactic vaccines has become one of the most successful of all healthcare interventions. It is estimated that vaccines prevent 6 million deaths every year. 
 Our COVID-19 vaccine candidate 
 Unmet need 
 Although a large portion of the population in high-income countries has been vaccinated against COVID-19, widespread vaccination in mid- and low-income countries LMICs has lagged behind the developed world. As we enter the fourth year of the COVID-19 pandemic, continuous and substantial viral evolution create challenges to the ongoing public health response, including timely decisions on modifications to COVID-19 vaccine antigen composition to provide protection. The rapid evolution of the virus and subsequent emergence of new variants which have exhibited a degree of immune escape from vaccination or prior infection has meant that there is a need for boosters which will be more broadly protective. There is also a need to improve the durability of the immune response for longer protection and intervals between boosters. The trajectory and timeline of further virus evolution are uncertain and delays between recommendations to update vaccine antigen composition and roll-out of updated vaccines significantly and disproportionately impact LMICs. 
 
 Product concept 
 Our initial COVID-19 vaccine candidate, GLB-COV2-043, used mRNA to encode the full-length spike protein of the Wuhan strain, formulated in LNPs. Concurrent with the development of GLB-COV-2-043, a monovalent booster candidate, we have been developing a pan-sarbecovirus vaccine candidate, which we are currently evaluating various potential candidates in preclinical studies for their ability to provide protection against a broad panel of sarbecoviruses, including SARS-CoV-2. As previously announced, we are updating our clinical strategy to accelerate the development of this pan-sarbecovirus vaccine candidate instead of advancing the GLB-COV2-043 (monovalent) vaccine candidate as originally planned. 
 
 Achievements to date and future milestones 
 As part of the toxicology and pre-clinical testing, for our initial COVID-19 vaccine candidate, hamsters (16/group) were immunized at day 0 and 21 at three dose levels of 5 g, 30 g, and 100 g of vaccine or controls of saline or LNP. At day 40 of the study, the animals were intra-nasally challenged with live SARS-CoV-2 virus (isolate USA-WA1/2020). Animals were followed for 14 days, and their weights taken daily. This hamster challenge study revealed that all doses of GLB-COV2-043 provided protection from SARS-CoV-2 challenge using percent body weight BW) change as a criterion. We observed a statistically significant (p 
 9 

Body weight changes of vaccinated hamsters after SARS-CoV-2 viral challenge 
 Hamsters (8/group) were immunized at day 0 and 21 at three dose levels of 5 g, 30 g, and 100 g of vaccine or controls of saline or LNP (GLuc). Blood draws at day 21 (pre-boost: before injection of the second vaccine dose), and day 39 (post-boost: that is, 18 days after the second dose) were tested for neutralizing antibody titers against live SARS-CoV-2 virus (isolate USA-WA1/2020). 
 All vaccine doses tested induced significantly higher levels of SARS-CoV-2 neutralization titer compared to controls, both Pre- and Post-Boost. The 100 g and 30 g doses of GLB-COV2-043 induced significantly or trending towards significantly higher titers of neutralizing antibodies compared to control immunized animals. The GLB-COV2-043 vaccine candidate displayed a clear dose response after boost, demonstrating that is induces high titers of functional anti-SARS-CoV-2 capable of neutralizing virus entry into cells. 

SARS-Cov-2 Serum neutralizing antibody titers for hamsters vaccinated with GLB-Cov-2-043. Day 21: 3 weeks after 1 st vaccination dose. Day 39: 18 days after 2 nd vaccination dose :p 
 10 

After we completed pre-clinical testing, we were able to produce, fill, and finish the drug product using our own GMP facilities. 
 As previously announced, GreenLight received approval from the Rwanda Food and Drugs Authority (Rwanda FDA) to initiate a Phase I/II study of its GLB-CoV2-043 (monovalent) vaccine booster candidate. However, given the global shift in the standard of care for COVID-19 vaccination to the Wuhan/Omicron bivalent vaccine and new availability of the bivalent vaccine in Rwanda, GreenLight is updating its clinical strategy to leapfrog monovalent and bivalent vaccines by accelerating development of its pan-sarbecovirus vaccine candidate instead of advancing the GLB-COV2-043 (monovalent) vaccine candidate as originally planned. We are aiming to produce a potential vaccine that will be effective against current and future COVID variants, including preparing for future potential pandemics. 
 Our Shingles Vaccine Candidate 
 In March 2022 we granted Serum Institute of India Private Limited (SIIPL), an exclusive license to use our proprietary technology platform to develop, manufacture and commercialize an mRNA shingles (herpes zoster) product and up to two other mRNA products in all territories other than the United States, the 27 member states of the European Union, the United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, New Zealand, Canada, South Korea, China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. Pursuant to our arrangement with SIIPL, we have engaged in designing and performing preclinical research to develop a shingles vaccine candidate. 
 
 Unmet need 
 Ninety-five percent of people older than 50 years of age have had chicken-pox. The varicella zoster virus causing this disease remains dormant in the body and reactivates periodically, which may result in herpes zoster or shingles. The lifetime risk of herpes zoster exceeds 30 , with global incidence rates estimated at 3 to 5 per 1,000 person-years overall, 5-11 per 1,000 person-years among adults 50 years of age and increasing age-specific incidence rates over the last 60 years. Increasing age is also associated with an increasing risk of debilitating complications with a significant impact on quality of life, functional status and productivity, and healthcare costs. The availability and cost of the vaccine currently available for herpes zoster prevention is prohibitively high for many in low- and middle-income countries where the associated impaired quality of life, morbidity, healthcare costs and lost productivity of herpes zoster and its complications have a disproportionate impact. 
 
 Our product concept 
 Our mRNA-based formulations are targeting key viral antigens known to play a critical role in the viral entry and life-cycle. We believe correctly selected antigens and formulations will produce a vaccine candidate with a competitive product profile. 
 
 Achievements to date and future milestones 
 Since March 2022, our Shingles vaccine program has progressed from the stage of concept evaluation to the stage of antigen design and pre-clinical evaluation in small animals. As part of our pre-clinical evaluation of our Shingles vaccines antigen in mice, we evaluated three antigens: VZV antigen#1, VZV antigen#2 and VZV antigen#3. We formulated these three mRNA vaccine antigens in three different lipid nano-particle (LNP) formulations: LNP#1, LNP#2 and LNP#3. Mice were primed with Varivax (attenuated VZV) and thereafter immunized intramuscularly with each of the mRNA-LNP candidates twice, at 0 and 8 weeks. Two doses were evaluated. We observed that all vaccine candidates were immunogenic and elicited high-levels of antigen-specific antibodies (IgG) after the first and second administration (panel A and B, below), comparable to the active control vaccine. These antigen-specific antibody levels were maintained up to 3 months (24 weeks) after the last administration (panel C, below), demonstrating the durability of the humoral immune response. 

11 

In addition, the mRNA vaccine candidates formulated with LNP#1 (and LNP#3) were more potent in eliciting strong cellular immune response, when compared to the active control vaccine. 
 
 Finally, when we evaluated the memory response, we observed that at 24 weeks, the mRNA vaccine candidates formulated with LNP#1 maintained memory T cells (panel A, below) and memory B cells (panel B, below) responses at levels similar to comparator vaccine (active control), demonstrating durability of the immune response. 
 
 Based on the pre-clinical studies and evaluation of the three potential candidates highlighted above, GreenLight has selected a lead candidate to progress towards clinical development. We are in active discussions with SIIPL regarding potential plans forward for this vaccine candidate. 
 
 Oncology Vaccine Program 
 On January 8, 2023, we entered into an exclusive collaboration agreement with EpiVax Therapeutics, Inc. EVT ), pursuant to which GreenLight and EVT agreed to exclusively collaborate with each other to develop, manufacture and commercialize mRNA-based oncology vaccines using GreenLight proprietary technology and EVT proprietary technology. 
 
 Unmet need 
 mRNA vaccines represent a therapeutic option with potentially improved product profiles and faster development pathways than current oncology therapeutics. We believe that an mRNA-based vaccine could solve some of the biggest unmet needs in oncology. 
 Under our collaboration with EVT, the first indication we plan to target is bladder cancer, an area with significant unmet needs. Bladder cancer is the fourth most common cancer in men globally but inadequately addressed by existing therapies. Surgery (cystectomy) yields only a 50-60 5-year survival rate, and radical cystectomy is debilitating even with reconstructive surgery. Cisplatin (chemotherapy) is another option, but 50 of the patient population is ineligible. Lastly, less than 30 of patients respond to checkpoint inhibitors, and those that do typically experience severe side effects. 
 
 Our potential product concepts 
 We are currently in the early stages of our collaboration and work with EVT. Under the collaboration, we envision using EVT s high-speed, automated, secure, cloud-based commercial platform, Ancer, to process cancer protein sets and identify patient-specific neoantigens and their neoepitopes. 
 12 

GreenLight plans to take the personalized, multi-antigenic, mutanome-directed therapeutic peptide (comprised of, e.g., 20-40 neoepitopes) identified and created by EVT s proprietary platform and append/apply our mRNA and DNA design rules, experience, and know-how to create a personalized mRNA that encodes for the peptide such that the peptide is expressed by target cells in the cancer patient. Rapid turnaround (e.g., estimated at 4-8 weeks) from patient tumor biopsy/sequencing to a personalized drug product that is ready for administration is important. Our research-scale mRNA-LNP production capabilities routinely support fast turnaround of material for pre-clinical studies (in vitro, in vivo) and GLP toxicology testing that is of the same scale that we anticipate will be required for an mRNA-based personalized cancer vaccine. We plan to combine our small-scale fast turnaround process with our experience with cGMP regulations and available cleanroom space at our Lexington, MA site to create a capability that can generate phase-appropriate material for early-stage clinical trials. 
 
 Global RNA Manufacturing Network 
 Our vision is to enable Africa, Asia, and Latin America and other potential LMICs to meet local demand through production outside the United States and Europe, from drug substance to product to fill and finish of mRNA vaccines and therapies, ideally in the country where the vaccine will be sold. If our vaccines and therapies are approved in these jurisdictions, we intend to contract with local manufacturers to produce our products, which we believe will enable the accessibility and cost competitiveness of our products. 
 If we obtain applicable regulatory approvals, we intend to create an interoperable network with local production facilities deploying our manufacturing process using modular design concepts that can be constructed off-site and set up more quickly than traditional construction models, so each facility will rely less on international supply chains to create vaccines and therapies for local needs. 
 
 Strategic Collaborations 
 Collaborators are part of our core strategy as we seek to accelerate our development of RNA therapies. We have relationships with research hospitals, universities, foundations, biotechnology companies, pharmaceutical companies, and nongovernmental organizations with expertise in our pipeline programs. During research and development stages, we seek collaborators to complement our preclinical studies and manufacturing capabilities. At the clinical development stage, we will seek established collaborators to codevelop or commercialize our product candidates. For vaccines, we are seeking companies with commercial capabilities that will receive rights to develop and commercialize our vaccine candidate(s). In this way, we can share the risk and reward of our portfolio while acquiring the capabilities required to launch commercial products. We seek partners aligned with our mission of making RNA accessible to the world. 
 Our decision to partner will be determined by the partner s geographic scope and the complementary capabilities that partner can bring to support the commercialization of products. For example, our partnership with SIIPL is focused on unmet medical needs in infectious diseases for LMICs and our collaboration with EVT focuses on personalized cancer vaccines globally. We continue to evaluate and consider when potential partnerships can bring strategic advantages to the company and when we may choose to commercialize some early-stage programs without partners, as large-scale commercial capabilities may not be required for programs with a small patient population. 
 PLANT HEALTH PRODUCT PIPELINE 
 
 Overview 
 We plan to design, build, and sell a complete portfolio of products that growers can use throughout the food chain, from field to fork, to enhance, protect, and preserve produce and animals. 
 Our product pipeline is based on double-stranded RNA, or dsRNA, which works by regulating the expression of a carefully selected protein in the target organism, be it in plants, fungi, or animals (primarily insects or arachnids). This method can, with careful selection of the appropriate target, potentially be used to control a wide range of unwanted pests and problems. 
 The success of our plant health product pipeline will depend on us inventing and bringing to market new uses of RNA in agriculture. Since our product candidates are first of a kind, we typically do not project the timing of a product candidate coming to market until later stages of our development process when we draft a Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act FIFRA dossier for internal review. While we believe our projected timelines are reasonable, given that we are introducing new modes of action for pest control, it is difficult to predict when we will be able to obtain the regulatory approvals required for commercial sales and our expected timelines may be subject to change. Our initial experience with bringing RNA-based agricultural products to market were based on the conception, development and testing of Calantha TM and we continue to grow our development and regulatory experience as we develop RNA solutions to manage a range of target pests. 
 13 

GreenLight intends to use, and has taken steps to use, its platform to expand its market access by progressing its product development from generation 1, high-value crops (e.g. single target solutions designed to demonstrate proof-of-concept for dsRNA-based agricultural solutions intended to be primarily registered and commercialized by GreenLight), to generation 2, multitarget products (e.g.solutions designed to address multiple targets, anticipated to be developed in collaboration with partners that possess significant distribution capabilities for large markets and retained in house for high value), to generation 3, systemic delivery capabilities (e.g. solutions delivered to the plant to target weeds, nematodes or improve nutrition; intended primarily to be developed in partnership with crop fertility and other potential partners). 
 
 An introduction to dsRNA and agriculture 
 As a tool for crop protection, dsRNA has several advantages. It is designed to impact the target pest and limit harm to any non-targeted organisms. Unlike many other pesticides, dsRNA degrades quickly in the environment, so it is typically undetectable after a few days, meaning in typical use, treated produce would contain low to no pesticide residue. Finally, in the event any residue remains, there is an established history of safe consumption of RNA molecules in human and animal food. According to a September 2020 report published by the Environmental Directorate of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD entitled Considerations for the Environmental Risk Assessment of the Application of Sprayed or Externally Applied ds-RNA-Based Pesticides, there is a long-established view that dietary intake of nucleic acids, including dsRNAs from plant viruses, does not present a health risk to humans and other vertebrates, and, as a result, the adoption of RNAi technology in agriculture is likely to present a lower human health risk than the use of conventional pesticides. 
 
 Process for developing new products 
 GreenLight uses an internally-developed five-phase product development process for plant and animal health products, which sets forth key activities and requirements to achieve for each potential product from proof of concept through commercial launch (Phase 1a: discovery/lab studies and greenhouse trials; Phase 1b: confirmatory trials; Phase 2: proof of concept field trials; Phase 3 and 4: regulatory submission). In general, in order for a product to move to a particular stage, it must successfully have met the requirements of the preceding stages. This process enables us to have a disciplined product development path with defined inflection points that we believe will increase our likelihood of success in bringing a product to market. 
 
 Market opportunity 
 Given the versatility of RNA-based solutions, we believe that the markets for our products are large. In the near term, we intend to pursue addressable target markets for plant health, with the commercial launch of our first product anticipated by the end of 2023 assuming regulatory approval earlier in the year. 
 We intend to develop products for our own distribution as well as for commercial partners. In doing so, we will focus our attention on the fresh fruits, vegetables, and nuts markets, which urgently need residue-free crop-protection products or have a strong association with the need to conserve honeybees. We will seek to serve the broadacre markets and international markets through partnerships with established multinational crop-protection companies and distributors. We intend to develop products that farmers trust and incorporate as a regular part of their annual crop-protection program. 
 Each of the initial products we are developing is intended to be specific to one target pest based on grower needs. We have also begun research and development of potential products that target multiple pests or that can be systemically delivered to plants. We believe that we can continue to leverage on our expertise in RNA as well as use our manufacturing platform and experience to make novel products at a cost that works for farmers. 
 
 What specific problems are we trying to solve? 
 Our plant health team is working to provide growers with highly effective tools to use within their normal cultural practices that avoid disrupting non-target organisms while leaving low to no residue in the foodstuffs. Today there are very few commercially available products that successfully combine these characteristics that growers, regulators, and consumers desire. Our primary focus for this mission is the successful deployment of carefully designed dsRNA. In order for our products to function successfully, the pest that needs to be managed must possess the appropriate cellular apparatus to process exogenous dsRNA to regulate protein biosynthesis. For these organisms, we intend to develop a portfolio of insecticides, acaricides, fungicides, and products that impact crop physiology and health, such as bio stimulants, improved stress tolerance and herbicides. 
 
 Insecticides and acaricides 
 Our insecticides and acaricides program is currently working on six major pest complexes. These projects are distributed across various phases ranging from the most advanced, which is in the pre-commercial phase awaiting regulatory approval, to nascent candidates. We calculate addressable markets for our projects using market data from AgbioInvestor and FAOSTAT and 
 14 

information purchased from third-party consultants. We use this data as well as our industry knowledge to inform assumptions around expenditures to control the target pest or disease to arrive at the addressable market. 
 
 Colorado potato beetle 
 Calantha TM , our product candidate for the Colorado potato beetle (Leptinotarsa decemlineata), which decimates plants in the nightshade family and accounts for more than 500 million in crop loss annually, has gone from discovery to Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) submission in four years. The formulated product is mixed with water and sprayed using standard agricultural practice over crops at a rate of 9.9 grams per hectare less than one-tenth the rate at which many conventional industrial chemicals are normally used on fields. Consumption of the dsRNA, which itself degrades within days, causes the Colorado potato beetle to stop eating and expire from its own toxins while beneficial insects are unaffected. In the United States, we have tested this product over the last four annual growing seasons in Oregon, Washington, Wisconsin, New York, Maine and Idaho. We have also conducted field tests of the product in Spain, Germany and France. 
 Based on the results of our toxicity testing, GreenLight requested a tolerance exemption from the EPA for the active ingredient contained in Calantha TM . If granted, such an exemption would be consistent with a category IV toxicity level, the EPA s lowest level of pesticide toxicity under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act FIFRA ). 
 We believe the addressable market for protecting crops from the Colorado potato beetle is approximately 350 million. Assuming EPA approval in 2023, we anticipate to commercially launch by the end of 2023. 
 Widely recognized for its ability to develop resistance to pesticides, the Colorado potato beetle was first described as a pest in the United States in 1859. 
 We expect the price and performance of Calantha TM , the first-ever foliar RNA product to be competitive with other products currently available to farmers. We have conducted more than 200 field trials over five years to develop a product that has shown to be effective at just 9.9 g/hectare, an extremely low active ingredient use rate, equivalent to a spoonful of sugar spread on a football field. 
 Our testing has shown that Calantha TM is safe for honeybees, butterflies, and several other non-target insects and mammals at use rates 100 times higher than our recommended rate. It degrades in water and soil within three days to benign, natural nucleotides. The product works well with standard growers programs to control first-or second-generation Colorado potato beetles. It effectively controls all stages of the life of this beetle but is most effective on young larvae up to one-quarter inch in length. 
 In addition to being water soluble, this product contains additional inert ingredients to allow it to be mixed with other agricultural products and applied by farmers in a single spraying using common methods, including low-water volume (aerial or ground) or chemigation. Although conventional pesticides can require special protective equipment for farmers, we anticipate just basic work gloves will be required for this product. 
 
 Varroa mites 
 Having acquired the rights to portions of Bayer s topical RNA intellectual property portfolio, which include bee-health assets, we are developing an RNA-based syrup that targets reproductive mites, is easy to use, and will add another tool in the limited Varroa-control market. 
 We have been field testing our RNA-based product candidate for the Varroa destructor mite, which many beekeepers consider to be the top threat to honeybees and which has been detected in up to 90 of US hives, since March 2021 with the assistance of commercial beekeepers in Georgia, California, Florida, Louisiana, North Carolina and Maine. To date, these tests demonstrate a measurable improvement in mite control and hive health. 
 15 

Mite control is measured in number of mites per 100 bees. Trials conducted in 2022 showed lower mite levels using GreenLight s 4 g/L solution when compared to a chemical control or an untreated control over the course of 18 weeks after first treatment. We also evaluated hive survival rates and found that the GreenLight 4 g/L solution statistically outperformed the untreated control, the chemical control, and the GreenLight 2 g/L solution over the course of 30 weeks after first treatment. 
 About 3 million commercial honeybee colonies in the United States are used to pollinate more than 100 crops annually that are worth an estimated 18 billion in 2022, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The parasitic Varroa mite reproduces in hives, feeds on honeybees, and spreads disease, destroying colonies across the globe. Our product candidate targets the Varroa mite to protect bees, beekeepers, and pollination-dependent crops. 
 When we acquired rights from Bayer relating to its bee-health assets, Bayer disclosed to us that in laboratory tests its original Varroa mite product had been observed to have adverse effects on ladybugs. We are developing our own version of this product using our proprietary manufacturing process, and our product has a different composition than the Bayer product. We have observed adverse effects on ladybugs in laboratory tests of products made with our dsRNA manufacturing process but only at 10x higher use rates than Bayer observed. We do not believe that such data will negatively impact our ability to secure a registration from the EPA or impact the attractiveness of our product to potential customers for two reasons. First, during the normal course of use, our product would be delivered in a sealed package directly to beehives, and it is atypical for ladybugs to enter a treated beehive during the proposed treating season. Accordingly, it is unlikely that the organisms that may be negatively affected would be exposed to the product during the normal course of use. Second, we believe that customers would conclude that the benefits of controlling Varroa mites outweigh the potential risks to ladybugs. See Risk Factors Risks Related to our Animal Health Program for a discussion of several risks factors relating to our Varroa mite product. 
 As part of our preparation for seeking EPA approval of our Varroa mite product, we conducted laboratory and field tests, including a required high-dose test to assess risks associated with potential overexposure to the product. When we tested our Varroa mite product in the laboratory at the required level of ten times the field use rate, the higher concentration of the product caused the treated bee food to become highly viscous, which limited consumption and resulted in bee starvation. We did not observe these adverse effects either when our product was administered at the field use rate or when our product was administered at the high-dose rate in the field. Because our product is delivered in a ready-to-use formulation through a pre-measured pouch delivery system, rather than through conventional spraying, we do not believe that our product presents a material risk that bees will be exposed to concentrations greater than the field use rate. For more information regarding potential adverse effects on regulatory approval of our Varroa mite product, see Risk Factors Risks Related to our Animal Health Program The EPA will evaluate our Varroa mite product without a precedent product, which may result in the need to conduct additional field trials and lengthen the regulatory review period. If we cannot demonstrate bee safety, the EPA may not approve our product or may impose labeling requirements that materially limit the commercial attractiveness of the product. 
 In preparation for submission to the EPA, we completed additional studies, including additional bee studies. We have also continued to conduct additional non-target organism studies for dossier inclusion and submission. Additionally, the viscosity of our formulation makes it difficult for us to rely solely on a Tier 1 toxicity study under the EPA guidance, and we have therefore recently conducted and completed Tier 2 toxicity studies. For the United States registration of our Varroa mite product, we submitted a registration dossier to the EPA in February 2023. In certain foreign jurisdictions, including the European Union, we expect that we will be required to apply for authorization of our Varroa mite product as an animal health product under applicable veterinary medicine regulations. 
 16 

Vegetable Caterpillar Complex 
 The Diamond Back Moth (Plutella xylostella) is sometimes called the cabbage moth because of its voracious appetite for consuming brassicas plants, which include cabbage, Brussels sprouts, and cauliflower, among others. It represents a global challenge to farmers and growers because its short life cycle allows it to rapidly develop resistance to existing crop protection products. 
 By testing Diamond Back Moth larvae in greenhouse assays (where they are fed foliage treated with their specific RNA sequence combined with the different delivery technologies we have developed), we believe that the Diamond Back Moth can be controlled with a dsRNA-based pesticide. We are now testing delivery methods by which the product would be delivered to the field. Small scale field tests in the US and Spain have demonstrated activity of formulated dsRNA against Diamond back moth. We anticipate expanding the spectrum of our product my carefully modifying trigger design to include other moth species of importance in vegetable crops before moving into our pre-development phase in 2023 and the development phase in 2024, with the goal of a launch after 2026, subject to receipt of regulatory approval. 
 
 Spider Mite Complex 
 Two spotted spider mites (Tetranychus urticae) (TSSM) are not insects but arachnids that feed on plants. All life cycle stages of the mite will cause damage to the plants upon which they feed. TSSM use their mouthparts to pierce cells on the surface of the leaf to suck out the contents, rendering the cell useless. TSSM will feed on a wide range of crops from Glasshouse ornamentals to tree nuts and fruits to corn and soybeans and can be found almost anywhere crops are grown. This project is currently in the discovery phase where we are seeing from our early research results, good control from our on-plant assays without any need for specific delivery technology. We plan to expand the spectrum of our product by carefully modifying trigger design to include other plant feeding mite species of importance before progression into pre-development in 2024 and move rapidly on to development in 2025 by having an initial focus on controlled environment crops. 
 
 Fungicides 
 Our fungicides program currently has six major targets in the pipeline. This includes botrytis, fusarium, powdery mildew, downy mildew, Asian soybean rust, and rice blast. We calculate addressable markets for our projects using market data from AgbioInvestor and FAOSTAT and information purchased from third-party consultants. We use this data as well as our industry knowledge to inform assumptions around expenditures to control the target pest or disease to arrive at addressable market. 
 
 Gray Mold + 
 Botrytis cinerea, which causes gray mold and bunch rot, is an ever-present global threat for fresh fruit and vegetables that affects 80 of crops grown and can result in up to 30 yield loss. Even greater losses can occur when botrytis develops en route to the consumer. Given how frequently crops such as grapes, berries, and onions need to be sprayed, resistance to existing chemical fungicides can build quickly and produce can carry residues of multiple products. Botrytis has long been a target for new biological fungicides, but excessive rain or humidity means that very few of these products can be relied on to work consistently. 
 We began testing our Botrytis product in California, New York and Italy in 2021 and are currently working to add additional spectrum to our final end use product prior to commencing the studies for our regulatory dossier in 2023. California, a major market for this product, could lag EPA approval by up to a year or more. Because this product demonstrated disease control in the field on both of the crops that we tested (strawberries and grapes), we progressed into the pre-development phase at our portfolio review in December 2021. We are currently working on proof-of-concept development field trials and expanding the spectrum of our product by carefully modifying trigger design to include other fungal species of importance in vegetable and fruits and berry crops before continuing to advance the development of this program. At this stage of development, we believe we can bring this potential product, subject to receipt of regulatory approval, into the market after 2027. 
 
 Powdery mildew complex 
 Powdery mildew, caused by Erysiphe necator, is the most common and destructive disease affecting grapes. Mostly observed on the upper surface of leaves as a dusty gray or white coating, the disease also strikes the lower surface, young stems, buds, flowers, canes, and fruit. Severely infected leaves may exhibit mottling or deformity, including leaf curling and withering. Infected fruit turn grayish-white first, then exhibit a brown, rusted appearance and may crack, shrivel, or drop from clusters. 
 We conducted our first season of field trials in 2021 in New York and California, and we were able to demonstrate disease control comparable to current leading chemical-control products. We anticipate one more year of field trials with the goal of regulatory submission in 2024. Assuming the EPA approves the product in 2026, we would expect to begin commercialization that year. California, a major market for this product, could lag EPA approval by up to a year or more, and non-US grape growing 
 17 

regions such as France could also take one or more additional years to obtain approval. Because this product demonstrated disease control in the field on both of the crops that we tested (strawberries and grapes), we progressed the project into the pre-development phase at our portfolio review in December 2021. We are currently working on expanding the spectrum of our product by carefully modifying trigger design to include other powdery mildew species of importance in a range of crops before conducting development trials and advancing towards formulation development and believe we can bring this potential product, subject to receipt of regulatory approval, into the market by 2026. 
 
 Mycotoxin control 
 Fusarium Head Blight is a disease of cereal crops most typically caused in the United States and Europe by Fusarium graminearum , though some other Fusarium species are implicated. Fusarium species have a wide host range and can cause many different types of damage to crops depending upon the type of crop plant and its growth stage at the time of infection. In the form of the disease which infects the flowering ear of the cereal crop, Fusarium does not necessarily rob the farmer of yield but instead frequently produces mycotoxins as part of its metabolic process. These mycotoxins can cause serious illness and even death when consumed in small quantities (the primary mycotoxin is deoxynivalenol, or DON, known colloquially as vomitoxin), so there is a detection limit in process food stuffs of 11 ppm. dsRNA can be designed to inhibit the metabolic pathway that produces the mycotoxins. We believe the ability to do this is a key differentiator for GreenLight. The current fungicides available to the grower may control the pathogen but do not provide reliable suppression of the mycotoxins. This product is currently in greenhouse trials, with GreenLight having demonstrated under controlled conditions that it can stop mycotoxin production on growing wheat. Aflatoxins cause food spoilage and are thought to be a primary cause of liver cancer in Africa. Their control is currently an unmet need that organizations, such as the Partnership for the Control of Aflatoxins in Africa, are trying to solve. We believe we can modify our DON control sequences to suppress aflatoxin production. Once designed, we expect that we will need to complete two seasons of field testing given the importance of mycotoxin control for public health. Based on our product development to date, we believe we can move this project into later stages of our development process in late 2024, which we believe would allow us to move through the remaining development phases and into the market, subject to prior regulatory approval, by 2026 at the earliest. 
 
 Crop physiology 
 Our activities in crop physiology, crop stress tolerance, and herbicides have taught us how to deliver dsRNA into many different types of cells, so we are expanding our research to give us further opportunities in the stress tolerance and crop-protection market. GreenLight believes there is promise in emergent technologies that can deliver dsRNA into the plant by spray, seed treatment or root uptake. If we can advance these technologies sufficiently, we will begin to select new projects to develop products that can exploit the markets requiring such properties. 
 
 Limitations we are working to overcome 
 The use of dsRNA as a crop-protection technology has been proposed since the discovery of the mechanisms of RNAi in the 1990s. A key barrier to the development of dsRNA was the cost of manufacturing RNA itself. 
 Our proprietary cell-free technology aims to solve this problem. Other technical, commercial, and social challenges remain, with delivery as the next challenge. Not all organisms will readily uptake dsRNA in the way that the Colorado potato beetle and Varroa mite do, and we need to deploy strategies that overcome barriers for lepidoptera (the rate of breakdown in the gut) or plants (passage across membranes). Much of our mid and long-term pipeline target work relates to addressing the challenge of extending environmental stability both within the gut of target insects and on the leaves of sprayed plants. 
 Another perceived limitation of dsRNA is associated with its highly specific nature. While we believe that this specificity is a benefit because it can make the technology safer for beneficial insects and humans, we realize most products on the market are broad-spectrum, which is appealing to farmers because they enable farmers to control multiple pests or diseases at once. Understanding this need, we are also now working to develop and include in our pipeline, multi-target products as described above. 
 Finally, delivering dsRNA to the insects targeted for control is one of the most significant challenges in using dsRNA as a pesticide since each insect and insect habitat represent unique challenges. Delivery methods can include spray (which we use with Calantha TM ), injection, seed treatment or root uptake. We continue to explore alternative means of delivery. 
 Biotechnology and agriculture have a complicated history. We know that building trust with stakeholders is critical to ensuring smooth adoption. We seek to educate about dsRNA and the benefits of what it can do. By increasing awareness of the benefits of RNA biopesticides, we hope to form strong relationships with other sustainability-oriented initiatives and industry stakeholders who can help tell our story. 
 18 

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our people and culture 
 At GreenLight, we celebrate the power of working together to address humanity s challenges, meet the needs of underserved populations, and push the boundaries of scientific discovery. Our culture represents a team united by a common purpose of creating a more sustainable future by bringing food security, medicine, and healthcare to everyone. From the very beginning, our founders believed that our way forward would be based on equality, diversity, and inclusion (ED I). These founding principles guide us every day as we seek to identify, attract, retain, incentivize, and develop a highly talented workforce. 
 
 Qualified team 
 Building a platform through RNA manufacturing to address food and agriculture markets and human health markets in vaccines and therapies requires deep technical and scientific expertise. We make every effort to recruit and retain the most qualified and mission-oriented team members. As of March 15, 2023, we have 262 full-time employees. Within our workforce, the substantial majority of our employees are engaged in research and development, supply chain and manufacturing operations and the remainder are engaged in the shared business-enabling functions. About 54 of our team members who are focused on research and development have masters degrees or higher, a majority of whom have PhDs. Our employees are not represented by any labor union nor any collective-bargaining arrangement with respect to their employment with us. 
 In addition to our regular workforce, we are grateful for the collaboration, contributions, and support of a network of industry advisors, consultants, contractors, and temporary staff who make up the overall GreenLight team. 
 In October 2022, we announced a corporate realignment to focus on key anticipated near-term value drivers and extend the Company's cash runway. With the realignment, the Company is seeking to improve its organizational structure through certain team integrations that are expected to allow the Company to more efficiently support its research, development and commercialization goals. 
 With ED I principles as the foundation, we are focused on cultivating a team with diverse backgrounds and perspectives. We consider how we can better serve our colleagues of different genders, ethnicities, generations, educational achievements, sexual orientations, workstyles, and more. Our current senior management team is diverse: 60 of our executive management team members are female as of March 2023. Our management team is committed to continuing to build a diverse team and a culture of inclusion to ensure that diverse perspectives thrive. 
 Numbers alone cannot capture the rich diversity of our company. However, we collect and report these numbers for transparency and as a marker of our continued efforts. As of March 15, 2023, 47 of our full-time employees self-identify as female and 45 of full-time employees self-identify as a non-Caucasian racial or ethnic group (Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian or Native Hawaiian, other Pacific Islander, or two or more races). While we acknowledge that there is still work to be done, we are committed to doing our part to make real changes to address systemic bias and inequities. 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Strategy 
 Environmental and social impact is inherent to our purpose and the underlying reason our company was launched. We were founded to develop sustainable products for some of the biggest issues facing humanity and the planet. GreenLight scientists are developing new products for public health challenges and sustainable food production to feed a growing population. We believe our ESG strategy is fundamental to achieving our mission and underscores everything we do at GreenLight. 
 We are striving to optimize the environmental impact of our facilities and operations, but we recognize the greatest potential for impact is through our product development process and in our goal to design and manufacture RNA-based products to support human, animal and plant health more naturally and safely. Furthermore, we believe that our technology platform could be used to enable low- and middle-income countries and underserved populations to have access to potential human health and plant health solutions that are currently difficult to obtain. 
 
 Environmental 
 There is a need to take immediate action to address the environmental crisis that is forcing the reconsideration of how products are made, from our homes to our food, to our clothing. Many modern approaches to produce food and drugs to keep the growing population healthy have had a negative effect on the health of the planet. Clear cutting forests for crops, chemical residues on food, in the water and in the soil, nitrogen blooms in rivers, declining soil productivity, the loss of bees and other beneficial insects these are all clear signs that the current system is not sustainable. 
 19 

For years, farmers have used effective petroleum-based chemical pesticides in the form of neonicotinoids, pyrethroids, carbamates, and organophosphates. Over time, these non-targeted products can have unintended negative consequences, including damage to beneficial insects and plants, and they can linger in the environment for years, eroding soil quality and polluting water resources. 
 Using RNA, we can create targeted biocontrols for agriculture. Biology also offers a fundamental shift in how things are made and disposed of in a world where things grow and decay, creating circular, regenerative processes. Our goal is to have products that can help the environment, not harm it. GreenLight s RNA is produced from materials using an enzymatic process and after application our RNA product candidates disappear in a few days. We believe that, because the active RNA ingredients in our product candidates quickly degrade in the environment, our product candidates will have the potential to be more sustainable, or greener, than traditional petroleum-based chemical pesticides. 
 We aim to provide farmers with safe-to-use, cost-effective, targeted biocontrols that stop pests while protecting crops, honeybees, and land before and after harvest. If we help farmers create greener, cleaner crops, they can provide consumers with the greener, cleaner foods they demand. Additionally, we also intend to provide farmers with safer products to handle, while helping farming families promote more sustainable land for future generations. 
 When we refer to a product or process as green in the context of potential agricultural products, we are referring to the fact that dsRNA-based pesticides have the potential to leave little to no residue behind after use, resulting in a significant potential reduction in the toxins or other foreign matter released into local waterways, aquifers, or the food chain. Additionally, when we use the term sustainable, we refer to our efforts to align economic development with environmental protection and human well-being as well as our obligations as a Public Benefit Corporation under 362(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
 Social 
 Values and biases can be embedded in the technologies that are made, in the applications that are considered, and in the ways problems are addressed. Inclusion of those who have historically been left out of the development of new technologies is essential to building equitable and positive outcomes. GreenLight was born from a passion to make our world more sustainable and more equitable. Our vision is to enable Africa, Asia, Latin America, and other LMICs to meet local demand of RNA based products through local production. 
 An ecosystem thrives with more diversity, and the inclusion of many different voices is essential to growing our company. Team members are empowered to bring their best ideas forward, and leaders are always open to listen and act. We challenge one another to discover breakthroughs that advance our science to deliver on a common cause: sustaining the planet, protecting our food, saving lives. With equity, diversity, and inclusion principles as the foundation, we are relentlessly focused on cultivating a team with diverse backgrounds and perspectives. We are always thinking about how we can better serve our colleagues of different genders, ethnicities, generations, educational achievement, sexual orientation, and workstyles. These values and initiatives are not just a top-down corporate statement; they are an intrinsic part of our culture. 
 
 Governance 
 At GreenLight, we celebrate the power of working together to address humanity s challenges, meet the needs of underserved populations, and push the boundaries of scientific discovery. Our culture represents a team united by a common purpose of creating a more sustainable future by bringing food security, medicine, and healthcare to everyone. From the very beginning, our founders believed that our way forward would be based on equality, diversity, and inclusion (ED I). These founding principles guide us every day as we identify, attract, retain, incentivize, and develop a highly talented workforce. 
 The following values are deeply coded within our business, mission, and culture: 
 Care for everyone 

Courage to achieve the impossible 

Collaboration to propel our success 

Commitment to science and doing the right thing, always 

Our culture is built on care, transparency, diversity, employee ownership and engagement, and a deep, humble respect for science. Transparency is essential to how we operate, to enable sharing of the insights and tools that enable our platform to grow, as well as to build trust and accountability with all our stakeholders. 
 We have selected independent directors and scientific advisory board members with decades of experience. Our board of directors and management team will leverage that experience and consider the interests of stockholders, customers, employees, suppliers, academic researchers, governments, communities, and other stakeholders to pursue long-term value for our company and drive the sustained health of our global community. 
 20 

Competition 
 We are aware of only one large company, Bayer AG, that has human health and agricultural capabilities similar to our company. Other competitors split into either human health or agricultural market categories. 
 
 Human health 
 Our competitors are biotechnology companies working on indications similar to our pipeline, mRNA companies, large pharmaceutical companies, and academia. 
 We are aware of several large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as smaller, early-stage companies, pursuing the development of products and disease indications we are targeting. These include major vaccine and therapeutics companies such as Roche Holding AG, AbbVie, GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Merck Co Inc, Sanofi, Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Johnson Johnson, and Novavax. 
 Among RNA specialist companies, BioNTech and Moderna already have COVID-19 vaccines on the market, while CureVac N.V., Arcturus Therapeutics Inc., Daiichi Sankyo, Elixirgen Therapeutics, and Providence Therapeutics have clinical trials underway. Specialized therapeutics companies such as Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Editas Medicine, and Dicerna Pharmaceuticals also compete against GreenLight. In the personalized cancer vaccine space, a number of companies have clinical stage candidates, such as Moderna, BioNTech, Gritstone, Evaxion, Nykode, StemiRNA, Nouscom and Geneos. 
 
 Agriculture 
 We believe that our technology platform coupled with our research and development expertise and commercial strategy set us apart from others in the food and agricultural market. Because crop protection is a mature industry, there are several companies targeting similar insects and fungi and investing in effective products. These include larger companies such as Syngenta and Bayer, as well as smaller companies such as Provivi, Vestaron, and Biotalys. Creating the sustainable food system we know is possible will require the expertise and dedication of many people bringing many new products to market. We look forward to collaborating with many companies, even those we have called out as competitors, to achieve that future. 
 
 Platform 
 Our platform, and our ability to manufacture biological molecules, is a key competitive advantage and driver of future growth. Ginkgo Bioworks, and Codexis, among others, have sophisticated know-how and may emerge as competitors. 
 
 Facilities 
 Our principal facilities are located in the metropolitan area of Boston, Massachusetts, Rochester, New York, and Durham, North Carolina. We lease all our facilities. 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Lexington, Massachusetts, where we lease approximately 59,000 square feet of office and laboratory space. Our lease for this facility expires in June 2032. 
 We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs. To support future organic growth or merger-and-acquisition activity, we may enter into new leases, assume lease obligations, or acquire property both domestically and internationally. We believe that suitable or alternative space will be available if and when needed. 
 
 Agricultural Manufacturing Facilities 
 Our manufacturing facilities for our dsRNA agricultural products are located in Rochester, New York. Our lease for this facility commenced in January 2020 and expires in March 2026. Our existing manufacturing operations occupy approximately 24,000 square feet and include two 2,000-liter bioreactors, one of which has been operational since second quarter of 2021 and the other of which has been installed and we expect to be operational in the second quarter of 2023. Activation of the second bioreactor and additional associated packaging equipment requires an estimated investment of approximately 1.4 million, of which 0.3 million had been committed as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we leased approximately 5,000 square feet of additional space in the Rochester facility for storage. 
 
 Agricultural Laboratory and Greenhouse 
 We currently lease approximately 63,000 square feet of laboratory, office and greenhouse space for our agricultural operations at our facility in Durham, North Carolina. Our lease for this facility commenced in January 2022 and expires in December 2033. 
 21 

In March 2022, the Company entered into a lease for land in Spain to enable agricultural research and development activities. The lease term expires in March 2042. 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a lease for land in Colusa County, California to enable it to conduct certain agricultural research and development activities. The lease term expires in December 2032. 
 
 Human Health Facilities 
 In March 2022, we leased approximately 59,000 square feet in Lexington, Massachusetts for research and development activities, including clean rooms for early-phase clinical material manufacturing for our human health program. Our lease for this facility commenced in May 2022 and expires in 2032. We plan to establish our ability to produce GMP clinical trial material in Lexington in the second half of 2023. 
 We currently have approximately 69,000 square feet of office and lab space in Medford, Massachusetts and Woburn, Massachusetts. Approximately 52,000 square feet of office and lab space has a lease expiry of February 2024. The remaining 17,000 square feet of office and lab space in Medford has a lease expiry of February 2025. GreenLight is actively marketing to sublease approximately 55,000 of the lab and office space between these two locations. 
 Intellectual property 
 We strive to protect and enhance proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are commercially important to the development of our business, including seeking, maintaining, and defending patent rights, whether developed internally or licensed from third parties. We also rely on trade secrets to develop, strengthen, and maintain proprietary positions that may be important for the development of our business. We additionally may rely on regulatory protection afforded through data exclusivity, market exclusivity, and patent-term extensions, where available. 
 Our commercial success may depend in part on our ability to: obtain and maintain patent and other proprietary protection for commercially important technology, inventions and know-how related to our business; defend and enforce our patents and patent applications; preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets; maintain and defend our trademark registrations and applications; and operate without infringing the valid, enforceable patents and other intellectual property and proprietary rights of third parties. Our ability to limit third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell, or importing our products or using our proprietary methods may depend on the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable licenses, patents, trademarks or trade secrets that cover these activities. We cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our commercial products or methods of manufacturing and using the same or that they will prevent others from commercializing competing products or technology. 
 Patents 
 As of March 10, 2023, we had approximately 40 patent families (the term patent family is used here to denote patents and applications claiming priority to a common patent application) in various fields of our business. Of those patent families, approximately six families relate to RNA production; approximately seven families relate to other human health-related technologies; approximately 18 families relate to crop protection and bee health; approximately three families relate to production of sugars; and approximately six families relate to process control and compound production. The number of families may change if we file additional applications or obtain additional issued patents or if we abandon any of our pending or issued patents. We continue to evaluate the costs and potential benefits of patent protection in various jurisdictions. In connection with such evaluations, we may abandon pending applications or issued patents. 
 Individual patent terms extend for varying periods of time, depending on the date of filing of the patent application, the date of patent issuance, and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which patent applications are filed, including the United States, the patent term is 20 years from the date of filing of the first non-provisional application to which priority is claimed. Under certain circumstances, a patent term can be extended. For example, in the United States, a patent s term may be lengthened by patent term-adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in reviewing and granting a patent; by patent-term extension for certain patents covering products requiring regulatory approval prior to being sold or methods of using or making such products; or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier-filed patent. However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by-product basis, from country to country, and depends on many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country, and the validity and enforceability of the patent. 
 22 

Our six RNA production patent families include four families directed to RNA production platforms. All four families, including all of the issued patents in such families, contain claims directed to methods of manufacture of RNA and/or related processes. One platform family includes U.S. Patent No. 10,858,385, the issued claims of which protect certain aspects of our process for production of dsRNA. This family also includes issued patents in Australia and Israel, a pending U.S. continuation and a number of foreign applications pending in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Costa Rica, the European Patent Office, Japan, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, South Africa, South Korea, Thailand, and Ukraine. The projected expiration for U.S. Patent No. 10,858,385 is in 2037, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. 
 Another RNA production platform family also contains claims that protects certain aspects of our processes for production of dsRNA. This family contains U.S. Patent No. 10,954,541 along with a pending U.S. continuation, issued patents in Australia, India, Indonesia, and Japan and a number of foreign applications pending in jurisdictions including Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Costa Rica, the European Patent Office, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, South Korea, Singapore, Thailand, and Ukraine. The projected expiration for U.S. Patent No. 10,954,541 is in 2037, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. 
 The third RNA production platform family contains U.S. Patent No. 11,274,284, along with a pending U.S. continuation, issued patents in China, Indonesia, Israel, Japan and Singapore, and additional foreign applications pending in jurisdictions including the European Patent Office, India and South Korea. The projected expiration date for U.S. Patent No. 11,274,284 is in 2036, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. 
 The fourth RNA production platform family relates to methods for production of mRNA that may have applicability to our next generation approach for such production. This family contains a United States application along with pending applications in a number of foreign jurisdictions, including, Australia, Canada, China, the European Patent Office, India, Israel, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, and South Africa. All applications in this family are national or regional stage applications from International Application No. PCT/US2020/025824. If the U.S. patent application in this family were allowed, the projected expiration of the resultant patent would be in 2040, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. 
 The RNA production families also contain patent applications directed to various improved compositions and processes. These include two families related to plasmid templates for production of RNA products, proteins and enzymes of interest. One family consists of national and regional stage applications stemming from international application No. PCT/US2021/047111 and the other consists of national and regional stage applications stemming from international application No. PCT/US2020/063490. Both families contain applications pending in the U.S. as well as a number for foreign jurisdictions. If we were to obtain U.S. patents in either family, they would have projected expiration dates in 2040 and 2041, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. 
 Other Human Health Patent Families 
 We currently have seven additional human health specific patent families. One family includes a U.S. patent application directed to compositions and methods of treatment related to our ongoing research in the field of gene therapy. This family also includes a number of national and regional stage applications that claim priority to the related International Application No. PCT/US2021/042015, including applications filed with ARIPO and EPO, as well as in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, India, Israel, Japan, Singapore, and South Korea. If the U.S. patent application were to be allowed, the projected expiration of the resultant patent would be in 2041, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. Another family contains a pending United States provisional patent application related to the same research. Another of the families contains a U.S. application and an international application directed to mRNA compositions, including certain mRNA vaccine designs. One family contains a recently-filed PCT application directed to improved formulations for mRNA vaccines and therapeutics. Another family contains a pending provisional application related to improved formulations for mRNA vaccines and therapeutics. One family contains a pending provisional application related to improved mRNA constructs for vaccines and therapeutics. And the seventh family contains a pending provisional application directed to pan-sarbecovirus mRNA vaccine designs. 
 Bee Health and Crop Protection Families 
 Our 16 bee health and crop protection patent families include seven bee health patent families and nine crop protection patent families. 
 23 

Bee Health Patent Families 
 Four of our Bee Health patent families contain claims directed to or related to our proposed varroa mite product and/or its use. The first such family is co-owned with Yissum Research and Development Company of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem LTD Yissum and subject to an exclusive license to us of Yissum s ownership interest in commercial rights to this patent family. For more information on this license, see Intellectual Property Agreements Bayer Acquisition Agreement . This family consists of U.S. Patent Nos. 8,962,584, 9,662,348, and 10,801,028, which contain composition and method of treatment claims expected to expire in 2030, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. This family further includes issued patents in China, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, South Africa, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and Ukraine and pending patent applications in Canada, Chile, China, and Mexico. 
 Another such Bee Health patent family is co-owned with the United States Department of Agriculture. This family consist of U.S. Patents Nos. 10,100,306, 10,927,374, and 9,540,642 with composition and method of treatment claims expected to expire in 2034, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. The family further includes a pending U.S. continuation; issued patents in Australia, Israel, India, Russia, Ukraine, and South Africa; and pending applications in Australia, Argentina, Canada, Chile, China, European Patent Office, Mexico, New Zealand, and Uruguay. 
 The third such Bee Health patent family includes U.S. Patent No. 10,907,152, which has composition and method of treatment claims and is expected to expire in 2036, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. This family further comprises a pending U.S. continuation; foreign patents in China, Israel, and South Africa; and 12 pending foreign applications in jurisdictions including Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, European Patent Office, India, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, Ukraine and Uruguay. 
 The fourth such Bee Health patent family contains a pending U.S. application, Serial No. 17/013,330 along with pending applications in Australia and New Zealand. If claims of the U.S. application were to be allowed, the resultant patent would have a projected expiration in 2040, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. 
 Crop Protection Patent Families 
 We have eleven Crop Protection patent families. Three such families relate to nucleic acid compositions for control of Colorado potato beetle. One of those three families includes U.S. Patent No. 11,142,768 (expected to expire in 2039, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable) with composition claims directed to CalanthaTM, our proposed Colorado potato beetle product, along with two pending related U.S. applications, and pending foreign patent applications in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, European Patent Office, India, Japan, New Zealand, Russia, and Ukraine. Another of those three Colorado potato beetle patent families contains U.S. Patent No. 11,185,079, which has composition claims and an expected expiration in 2039 (not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable), and additional pending United States and European Patent Office applications.. The third such family has one pending U.S. patent application. 
 Our eight additional Crop Protection patent families include: one family containing pending applications in the United States, China, and Japan, directed to compositions for controlling lepidopteran pests; two families, each of which has a pending U.S. patent application and an international patent application directed to compositions for control of fungi; a U.S. application and an international application directed to compositions for improved dsRNA stability; three provisional applications directed to compositions for controlling fungi; and an application, co-owned with the University of Massachusetts, directed to compositions and methods of controlling insect pests using biocapsules . 
 Sugar Platform Patent Families 
 We have three patent families related to enzymatic production of sugars. One family consists of issued U.S. Patent Nos. 10,316,342, 10,577,635, and 10,704,067, all of which contain method of production claims and are expected to expire in 2038, not including any term adjustments or extensions if applicable. That family also consists of a pending U.S. continuation and foreign applications in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, European Patent Office, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, Russia, South Korea, and Thailand. 
 A second sugar platform family comprises United States and pending foreign applications in a number of jurisdictions filed as national and regional stage entries of International Application No. PCT/US2019/067113. If the U.S. patent application in this family were to be allowed, the resultant patent claims would have a projected expiration in 2039, not including any patent term adjustments or extensions if applicable. 
 24 

Our third family consists of a pending international patent application directed to improved compositions useful for production of sugars. 
 Trade secrets 
 GreenLight s technology-related intellectual property that are not patent-protected are maintained as confidential information and trade secrets. We employ a variety of safeguards to protect our confidential information and trade secrets, including contractual arrangements that impose obligations of confidentiality and security, digital security measures, and physical security precautions. 
 With respect to contractual arrangements, we protect our confidential and proprietary information by requiring our employees to execute nondisclosure and assignment of invention agreements upon commencement of their employment. Agreements with our employees also bar them from using the proprietary rights of third parties in the course of their employment or disclosing to us any confidential information of third parties. 
 We require confidentiality and material transfer agreements from third parties that receive our confidential data or materials, and we also incorporate confidentiality and material transfer precautions into our research and collaboration agreements. 
 We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems 
 Trademark and domain names 
 GreenLight owns four U.S. trademark applications relating to the GreenLight name and logo and the Calantha TM brand in the United States and other jurisdictions around the world. We are still evaluating whether we want to release some or all of our products under the GreenLight brand, or whether we want to develop new brands applicable to specific product pipelines. We also have a registered domain name for our website found at www.greenlightbiosciences.com. 
 Intellectual Property Agreements 
 Bayer Acquisition Agreement 
 We entered into an Assignment and License Agreement with Bayer CropScience LLP Bayer dated December 10, 2020 (the Bayer Acquisition Agreement ), pursuant to which we acquired from Bayer certain intellectual property rights related to (i) RNA technology used to control Varroa mites, Nosema, and bee viruses, which includes assignments of patents and a license to research, develop and sell methods and products in such field with the use of Bayer know-how with respect to such technology, and the assignment of Bayer s rights under a license agreement with Yissum Research and Development Company of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem LTD (the Yissum License ), and (ii) technology used to control the Colorado potato beetle and canola flea beetle, including a license to research, develop and sell methods and products in such field with the use of Bayer patents and know-how with respect to such technology. Under the Bayer Acquisition Agreement, we were obligated to make a closing payment to Bayer equal to 2,000,000 as well as certain milestone payments equal to up to 2,000,000 in the aggregate, in the event that certain regulatory approvals are achieved with respect to the aforementioned technologies. 
 We also agreed to indemnify Bayer against losses arising out of GreenLight s recklessness, willful misconduct, violation of law or breaches of representations or warranties under the Bayer Acquisition Agreement or activities related to the use of intellectual property assigned to GreenLight thereunder. The Bayer Acquisition Agreement shall survive for so long as the assigned patents remain in effect; provided, that the parties do not terminate the Bayer Acquisition Agreement earlier in accordance with its terms. 
 Under the Bayer Acquisition Agreement, GreenLight was assigned Bayer s rights and obligations under the Yissum License. Pursuant to the Yissum License, we were granted an exclusive, worldwide license to make use of the relevant technology to develop, manufacture, market, distribute, or sell covered products, including an exclusive, worldwide license under Yissum s interest in any bee health patents jointly owned with GreenLight. Notwithstanding the exclusive license, Yissum retains the right to practice the jointly-owned patents in ways that will not result in competition with GreenLight, including the right of the Hebrew University of Israel (the University to practice the inventions for the University s own internal research and educational purposes, and to license other academic and not-for-profit research organizations to do the same, provided that no such license directly or indirectly harms our commercial interest in the relevant patents and products. 
 25 

We also have the right, but not the obligation, to prosecute in our own name and at our own expense any infringement of patents jointly owned with Yissum, but in making our decision whether to assert infringement, we must give consideration to the views of Yissum. In order to settle any such infringement suit, we must obtain the consent of Yissum. 
 Pursuant to the Yissum License, we agreed to pay Yissum a running royalty percentage in the low single digits on net sales of the licensed products. The License ends on a country-by-country basis upon the later of the date of expiration of the last valid licensed patent, the end of regulatory exclusivity for a product, or 20 years from the date of first sale. 
 Pursuant to the Yissum License, we are liable for any loss, injury or damage whatsoever caused to our employees or to any person acting on our behalf or to the employees of Yissum or to any person acting on our behalf or to any third party, by reason of GreenLight s acts or omissions pursuant to the Yissum License or by reason of any use made by GreenLight of the licensed technology and products. Moreover, we will compensate, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Yissum or any person acting on its behalf or any of its employees or the University or representatives of the University against any liability imposed upon them by GreenLight s acts or omissions or which derive from GreenLight s use, development, manufacture, marketing, sale or sublicensing of any product or licensed technology unless it has been determined by an adjudicator of last resort that that the particular damage, loss or expense was caused by a particular indemnitee s gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 Either party may terminate the Yissum License upon written notice in the event of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding of the other party. Yissum may terminate the license agreement if we do not commercialize products within a reasonable timeframe, with certain exceptions, if it provides written notice and we do not cure such failure within a certain timeframe; or if we have an uncured lapse in necessary insurance coverage; or if we unreasonably fail to respond to third-party claims against the patents or technology licensed under the Yissum License. 
 Patent expiration is a legal determination under the laws of each relevant jurisdiction worldwide. Third parties may review public patent filings and make their own determination as to patent expiration based on the available documents. The last to expire U.S. Patent under the Yissum License is expected to expire in 2031. 
 Bill Melinda Gates Foundation 
 We entered into a Grant Agreement with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (the Gates Foundation dated July 20, 2020, as amended by that certain Amendment 1 to Grant Agreement dated May 25, 2021 (as amended, the Gates Grant pursuant to which we were awarded a grant in the amount of approximately 3.3 million, payable in milestone tranches, for research regarding treatment and curative therapies for sickle cell disease and/or durable suppression of HIV in developing countries. We utilize the Gates Grant funds to explore new, low cost capabilities for the in vivo functional cure of sickle cell disease as well as the durable suppression of HIV. In the event that GreenLight has materially breached the Grant Agreement, the Foundation may demand repayment of the Gates Grant funds. As previously announced, we paused work on our gene therapy program for sickle cell disease, and as a result, we ceased any ongoing research work under the Gates Grant and are in the process of closing out all related activities. We are in the process of delivering the final report to the Gates Foundation and returning any remaining unused funds to the Gates Foundation. 
 Acuitas Therapeutics 
 Development Option Agreement 
 In August 2020, we and Acuitas entered into a development and option agreement, or the Acuitas Option Agreement. Under the Acuitas Option Agreement, the parties agreed to jointly develop certain products combining our RNA constructs with Acuitas s LNPs. Each party granted the other party a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license under its proprietary technology to conduct the joint research. We pay Acuitas s personnel costs and external expenses incurred in performing research in accordance with a work plan under the Acuitas Option Agreement. Under the Acuitas Option Agreement, Acuitas granted us options to obtain non-exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable licenses under Acuitas s patent rights and know-how related to LNP technology, or Acuitas LNP Technology, with respect to three specified targets, or Reserved Targets, to develop and commercialize one or more therapeutic products incorporating Acuitas LNP Technology and our RNA constructs. We paid Acuitas a technology access fee of 750,000 at the outset of the Option Agreement. Thereafter, we are obligated to pay an annual technology maintenance fee of 250,000 for each option that has not been exercised and target reservation and maintenance fees of 100,000 per Reserved Target until such Reserved Target is removed from the Reserved Target list or until we exercise an option with respect to such Reserved Target. 
 26 

On exercise of the first option, we were required to pay a 1.5 million option exercise fee after execution of the first non-exclusive license. On exercise of the second and third options, we are required to pay a 1.75 million and 2.75 million option exercise fee after execution of the second and third non-exclusive licenses, respectively. 
 Unless earlier terminated, the Acuitas Option Agreement will remain in effect until the first to occur of (1) all options are exercised, and (2) three years from the effective date, except that we can choose to extend the three-year term for an additional two years. Either party may terminate the Acuitas Option Agreement for an uncured material breach of the other party or upon the other party s bankruptcy or a similar event. We may terminate the Acuitas Option Agreement at our convenience following written notice to Acuitas. To GreenLight s knowledge, the last to expire U.S. patent under the Acuitas Option Agreement will expire in 2041 if the last filed relevant U.S. patent application currently identified by Acuitas is allowed. However, additional intellectual property, including patents, may still be added to the Acuitas Option Agreement or may not be known to us. Therefore the last to expire patent under that Option Agreement may change. Moreover, patent expiration is a legal determination under the laws of each relevant jurisdiction worldwide. Third parties may review public patent filings and make their own determination as to patent expiration based on the available documents. 
 Any jointly developed intellectual property under the Acuitas Option Agreement is jointly owned by the parties in an undivided one-half interest to such joint intellectual property. 
 Non-Exclusive License Agreement 
 In January 2021, we exercised the first option under the Acuitas Option Agreement and entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with Acuitas, or the Acuitas License Agreement. Acuitas granted us a non-exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license under the Acuitas LNP Technology to research, develop, manufacture, and commercially exploit a vaccine product consisting of our RNA constructs and Acuitas s LNPs. We paid Acuitas an option exercise fee of 1.5 million. Under the Acuitas License Agreement, we are required to pay Acuitas an annual license maintenance fee of 1 million until we achieve a particular development milestone. Acuitas is entitled to receive potential clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestone payments of up to 17.25 million in the aggregate. With respect to the sale of each licensed product by us, our affiliates or our sublicensees, Acuitas is entitled to receive low single digit percentage royalties on net sales of the licensed product in a given country until the last to occur, in such country, of (i) the expiration of all licensed patent rights covering the licensed product, (ii) expiration of any regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product, or (iii) ten years from the first commercial sale of the licensed product, or Royalty Terms. We are entitled to certain royalty reductions and offsets with respect to each licensed product in a given country if no licensed patents cover the licensed product or if we are required to obtain rights to third party patents that relate to LNP technology. Unless earlier terminated, the Acuitas License Agreement will remain in effect until the expiration of the last-to-expire Royalty Term. Either party may terminate the Acuitas License Agreement for an uncured material breach of the other party or upon the other party s bankruptcy or a similar event. We may terminate the Acuitas License Agreement at our convenience following written notice to Acuitas. 
 Additional intellectual property, including patents, may still be added to the Acuitas License Agreement or may not be known to us. Therefore the last to expire patent under that License Agreement may change. Moreover, patent expiration is a legal determination under the laws of each relevant jurisdiction worldwide. Third parties may review public patent filings and make their own determination as to patent expiration based on the available documents. To GreenLight s knowledge the last to expire U.S. patent under the Acuitas License Agreement will expire in 2041 if the last filed relevant U.S. patent application currently identified by Acuitas is allowed. 
 Serum Institute License Agreement 
 GreenLight entered into a License Agreement dated as of March 10, 2022 with Serum Institute of India Private Limited SIIPL ), pursuant to which GreenLight granted SIIPL an exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-bearing license to use GreenLight s proprietary technology platform to develop, manufacture and commercialize up to three mRNA products in all territories other than the United States, the 27 member states of the European Union, the United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, New Zealand, Canada, South Korea, China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan (the SIIPL Territory ). The first licensed product target will be a shingles product, and SIIPL has an option to add up to two additional product targets through the end of 2024. 
 Pursuant to the SIIPL License Agreement, SIIPL agreed to pay GreenLight an upfront license fee of 5.0 million, as well as payments upon target selection and reservation of exclusivity. In addition, GreenLight may receive up to a total of an additional 17.0 million in milestone payments across all three product targets, as well as manufacturing technology transfer payments up to 10.0 million. SIIPL agreed to make royalty payments on the sale of products resulting from the licensed technology for the term of the SIIPL License Agreement. The SIIPL License Agreement shall terminate on a product-by-product and country-by-country 
 27 

basis on the later of the expiration of the patent rights owned by GreenLight or the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the applicable product(s) in the applicable country. 
 SIIPL is responsible for the development, formulation, filling and finishing, registration and commercialization of the products in the SIIPL Territory, subject to oversight from a joint steering committee composed of representatives of GreenLight and SIIPL. SIIPL agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and obtain regulatory approval for the products in the countries in the SIIPL Territory. The SIIPL License Agreement includes terms customary in the industry for provisions related to sublicensing, intellectual property, and termination, and customary representations and warranties of GreenLight and SIIPL, along with certain customary covenants, including confidentiality, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions. 
 
 EpiVax Therapeutics Collaboration Agreement 
 On January 8, 2023, GreenLight entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with EpiVax Therapeutics, Inc. EVT ), pursuant to which GreenLight granted EVT an exclusive, royalty-free sublicensable license to use GreenLight s proprietary technology platform and EVT granted GreenLight an exclusive, royalty-free sublicensable license to use EVT s proprietary immunoinformatics tools, in each case, to develop, manufacture and commercialize mRNA-based oncological vaccines (whether therapeutic, prophylactic or otherwise) in all territories worldwide. Furthermore, GreenLight and EVT each agreed to exclusively develop, manufacture, commercialize and collaborate with each other on mRNA-based pharmaceutical preparation, substance, formulation or dosage (whether singly or in combination with any other product, materials, or technology) that uses the GreenLight technology and the EVT technology for the treatment of diseases through mRNA-based oncological vaccines. The initial indication for the first potential product candidate will target bladder cancer. GreenLight, at its option, will be the sole manufacturer for such jointly developed products under the Collaboration Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, GreenLight and EVT will initially bear their own costs of development until achievement of certain agreed upon events, and thereafter, each of GreenLight and EVT will bear fifty percent (50 of all development costs. Furthermore, beginning on the first commercial sale of a product, the parties will share in the pre-tax profit (loss) from commercialization of products under the Collaboration Agreement with each of GreenLight and EVT bearing (and entitled to) fifty percent (50 of the pre-tax profit (loss) for such products. 
 After one-hundred eighty (180) days from the effective date of the Collaboration Agreement, either party may terminate the Collaboration Agreement with fifteen (15) days prior notice. The Collaboration Agreement includes terms customary in the industry for provisions related to sublicensing, intellectual property, and termination, and customary representations and warranties of GreenLight and EVT, along with certain customary covenants, including confidentiality, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions. 
 Government regulation 
 We are using our RNA manufacturing platform to develop products for human health and agriculture, and we are subject to laws and regulations for those markets. These regulations currently apply to development and testing of our products and in the future will apply to manufacturing, import, export, marketing, and sale of products. 
 Human health products 
 We are developing human health products that include vaccines for COVID-19, shingles and oncology. In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and biologics under the Public Health Service Act PHSA ). Both drugs and biologics also are subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations. The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state, and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring, and post-approval reporting of drugs and biologics. We, along with third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the governing regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 28 

U.S. biologics regulation 
 In the United States, biological products such as gene therapies and vaccines are subject to regulation under the Federal FDCA, the PHSA, and other federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. The process required by the FDA before biologics may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA s Good Laboratory Practice requirements GLPs ); 

submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application IND ), which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an institutional review board IRB or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biologic product candidate for its intended purpose; 

preparation of and submission to the FDA of a biologics license application BLA ), after completion of all pivotal clinical trials; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to file the application for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP, and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product s continued safety, purity and potency, and of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with Good Clinical Practices GCPs ); and 

FDA review and approval of the BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. 

Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a product candidate in the United States, we must submit an IND to the FDA. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for clinical studies. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the product; chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information; and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational product. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must typically review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site, and must monitor the study until completed. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. 
 For purposes of BLA approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: 
 Phase 1 The investigational product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and 

29 

distribution of the investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. 

Phase 2 The investigational product is administered to a limited patient population with a specified disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase 3 The investigational product is administered to an expanded patient population to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for product approval. 

In some cases, the FDA may require, or companies may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 studies may also be made a condition to approval of the BLA. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies may complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the biological characteristics of the product candidate, and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 BLA submission and review by the FDA 
 Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, the results of product development, nonclinical studies and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The BLA must include all relevant data available from preclinical and clinical studies, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacturing, controls, and proposed labeling, among other things. Data can come from company-sponsored clinical studies intended to test the safety and effectiveness of a use of the product, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by independent investigators. The submission of a BLA requires payment of a substantial application user fee to the FDA, unless a waiver or exemption applies. 
 Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the FDA accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. Once a BLA has been accepted for filing, the FDA s goal is to review standard applications within ten months after the filing date, or, if the application qualifies for priority review, six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing. In both standard and priority reviews, the review process may also be extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. The FDA may also convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP and are adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 After the FDA evaluates a BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter (CRL). An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A CRL will describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the CRL without first conducting required 
 30 

inspections, testing submitted product lots, and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the CRL, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the BLA in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of a BLA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product. 
 If regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval will be granted for particular indications and may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed. For example, the FDA may approve the BLA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) to ensure the benefits of the product outweigh its risks. A REMS is a safety strategy implemented to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a product and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace. The FDA may require one or more Phase 4 post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. 
 Expedited development and review programs 
 The FDA offers a number of expedited development and review programs for qualifying product candidates. For example, the fast track program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing product candidates that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. The sponsor of a fast track product candidate has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once a BLA is submitted, the product candidate may be eligible for priority review. A fast track product candidate may also be eligible for rolling review, where the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA. 
 A product candidate intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for breakthrough therapy designation to expedite its development and review. A product candidate can receive breakthrough therapy designation if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the fast track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product candidate, including involvement of senior managers. 
 Any marketing application for a drug or biologic submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product candidate with a fast track designation and/or breakthrough therapy designation, may be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite the FDA review and approval process, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A BLA is eligible for priority review if the product candidate is designed to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness compared to available alternatives for such disease or condition. For original BLAs, priority review designation means the FDA s goal is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date (as compared to ten months under standard review). 
 Additionally, product candidates studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive accelerated approval upon a determination that the product candidate has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA will generally require the sponsor to perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies to verify and describe the anticipated effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit. Products receiving accelerated approval may be subject to expedited withdrawal procedures if the sponsor fails to conduct the required post-marketing studies or if such studies fail to verify the predicted clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. 
 31 

Fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review, and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product candidate qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time-period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. 
 Post-approval requirements 
 Biologics are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing, annual program fees for any marketed products. Biologic manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 
 The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

fines, warning letters, or untitled letters; 

clinical holds on clinical studies; 

refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; 

consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; 

mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; 

the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA closely regulates the marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of biologics. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity and potency that are approved by the FDA and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 Biosimilars and reference product exclusivity 
 The Affordable Care Act, signed into law in 2010, includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. 
 32 

Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity, and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies, and a clinical study or studies. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. However, complexities associated with the larger, and often more complex, structures of biological products, as well as the processes by which such products are manufactured, pose significant hurdles to implementation of the abbreviated approval pathway that are still being worked out by the FDA. 
 Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. At this juncture, it is unclear whether products deemed interchangeable by the FDA will, in fact, be readily substituted by pharmacies, which are governed by state pharmacy law. 
 A biological product can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a study. 
 Laboratory licensing and certification requirements 
 We are planning to partner with contract laboratories who are subject to the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 CLIA ), which requires all clinical laboratories to meet certain quality-assurance, quality-control, and personnel standards. 
 Agricultural products 
 We are developing insecticides and fungicides to protect crops and acaricides to protect honeybees that are beneficial to crops. In the United States, the development, testing, and commercialization of these products are regulated by the EPA through the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FFDCA ), the Food Quality Protection Act FQPA and the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act FIFRA ). 
 In general, FIFRA prohibits the sale or distribution of any pesticide, a product category that includes the insecticides, fungicides, and acaricides we are developing, unless that pesticide is registered with the EPA. To register a pesticide with the EPA, the applicant must demonstrate that the product will not cause unreasonable adverse effects on human health or the environment. These adverse effects include any unreasonable risk to man or the environment, taking into account the economic, social, and environmental costs and benefits of the use of the pesticide, as well as any human dietary risk from residues that result from use of the pesticide in or on any food consistent with the FFDCA. In the course of its evaluation of a pesticide, EPA assesses the impact that a pesticide may have on endangered species and non-target organisms. 
 Because our products contain novel RNA-based active ingredients, there will generally be no previously registered pesticide product containing that active ingredient and, as a result, the use of each of our products will require a new registration under FIFRA and the establishment of a tolerance under Section 408 of the FFDCA or the issuance of a tolerance exemption. 
 In order for the EPA to register a pesticide: 
 the applicant must first conduct specified studies to evaluate mammalian toxicology, toxicological effects to non-target organisms in the environment (ecotoxicological exposures), and the product s physical and chemical properties; 

the applicant must then submit to the EPA a registration dossier that includes data demonstrating that the product does not pose unreasonable risks; 

the EPA will conduct both scientific and administrative reviews of the dossier, including a thorough evaluation of submitted safety data and completion of risk assessments for human dietary and ecotoxicological exposures; 

33 

if the EPA identifies any risks that appear to exceed regulatory standards or any other deficiencies in the dossier, it will ordinarily issue a letter identifying the deficiencies; 

the applicant will have one or more opportunities to address any deficiencies, including the submission of factors that mitigate any risks identified in the EPA s risk assessments; this process may involve ongoing submissions and coordination with the EPA to address any unresolved concerns; and 

the EPA will undertake various stages of internal review prior to making a final decision on the application. 

The Pesticide Registration Improvement Act, enacted in 1996 and subsequently renewed, can serve to reduce the data requirements and timeline related to regulatory approvals for biopesticides when compared to other pesticides, with EPA approvals typically received within 16 to 24 months, compared with 36 months or longer for conventional chemical pesticides. 
 As part of the pesticide registration process, the EPA under its FFDCA authority establishes tolerances for pesticide chemicals, which consist of limits on pesticide residues that may remain on feed or feed commodities. In some cases, the EPA may issue a tolerance exemption when the chemical will have no impact on human health. 
 Even if a FIFRA registration is granted, the EPA has the authority to revoke the registration or impose limitations on the use of any of our pest management products if we do not comply with the regulatory requirements, if unexpected problems occur with a product, or if the EPA receives other newly discovered adverse information. 
 In addition to the approval by the EPA, we are required to obtain regulatory approval from the appropriate regulatory authorities in individual states and foreign jurisdictions before we can market or sell any pest management product in those jurisdictions. In most U.S. states, local authorizations typically take one to three months after EPA approval. In other states, such as California, Arizona and New York, regulatory authorities require additional data specific to their respective jurisdictions, and the process for having a product approved or denied can last an additional two to three months, or longer, for these states. 
 Outside the United States, the registration process varies by jurisdiction and can take between 24 and 84 months to complete. In most instances, initial submissions to foreign regulatory authorities will not occur until after a U.S. registration has been secured. Moreover, foreign governments typically require up to two seasons of locally generated field efficacy data on crop/pest combinations before a product dossier can be submitted for review. For example, in the EU, we would need to obtain authorization under Regulation (EC) No 1107/2009, which sets forth rules for the authorization, sale, use, and control of plant protection products, in order to market our products, and regulators may seek to require our products to comply with maximum residue levels under Regulation (EC) NO 396/2005. 
 In some instances, California and Canada will conduct joint reviews with the EPA, which allows some pesticides to receive concurrent approvals in California, Canada and the United States. California and foreign jurisdictions also require us to submit product efficacy data. Historically, the EPA has not required the submission of product efficacy data, but may request it. 
 The microbial strains used in our agricultural manufacturing process are also regulated by the EPA under the Toxic Substances Control Act TSCA ). In some circumstances, TSCA requires entities to provide notice to the EPA prior to the manufacture or importation of new microorganisms, called a Microbial Commercial Activity Notice MCAN ). Persons intending to manufacture or import these microorganisms for commercial purposes in the United States must submit an MCAN to the EPA at least 90 days before such manufacture or importation. The EPA has 90 days to review the submission in order to determine whether the microorganism may present an unreasonable risk to human health or the environment. If the EPA makes that determination, the EPA may impose appropriate regulatory restrictions on the microorganism. 
 Finally, a number of our products may require registration or approval under various state regulatory programs, including those relating to fertilizers, auxiliary plant substances, soil amendments, beneficial substances and/or biostimulants. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated as Environmental Impact Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: ENVI) on July 2, 2020. On February 2, 2022, we consummated the business combination, or the Business Combination, contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement ), dated August 9, 2021, by and among our company (formerly known as Environmental Impact Acquisition Corp. ENVI )), GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. GreenLight and Honey Bee Merger Sub, Inc., pursuant to which Honey Bee Merger Sub, Inc. was merged with and into GreenLight, with GreenLight surviving the merger (the Merger ). As a result of the Merger, and upon consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, GreenLight became a wholly owned subsidiary of ENVI. Upon the closing of the Business 
 34 

Combination, we changed our name to GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC New GreenLight ), with stockholders of GreenLight becoming stockholders of New GreenLight. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our principal place of business is located at 29 Hartwell Avenue, Lexington, Massachusetts 02421, and our telephone number is (617) 616-8188. Our website is located at www.greenlightbiosciences.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, is available via a link through the investors tab, free of charge, after we file or furnish them with the SEC and they are available on the SEC's website. 
 35 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 In evaluating our Company and our business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the section titled Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . We believe the risks described below are the risks that are material as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of the Company's Common Stock could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment. Unless otherwise indicated, reference in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to our business being adversely affected, negatively impacted or harmed will include an adverse effect on, or a negative impact or harm to, our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue or our future prospects. The material and other risks and uncertainties summarized above in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and described below are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See the section titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth below. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Needs 
 We have not generated any product revenues to date and expect to incur losses and negative cash flow for the foreseeable future. 
 We have generated substantial accumulated losses since inception. Our net losses were 167.1 million, 112.3 million and 53.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 420.6 million. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, and we may not be able to achieve and maintain profitability in the near future. We have derived substantially all of our revenues through license and collaboration agreements as well as grants and research partnerships with third parties and we are unable to accurately predict whether these sources of revenue will be available to us in the future. Our future success will depend on our ability to bring products to market for the first time and grow consistent revenue associated with those products. The research, testing and regulatory pathways for each of the products in our product pipeline are complex and we can offer no assurance that we will bring the products in our pipeline to market, that any of those products will be profitable or that we will generate overall profit or positive cash flow in the future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from year-to-year and quarter-to-quarter, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. These fluctuations may cause our stock to be volatile compared to other stocks in the market. 
 
 Our recurring losses from operations raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception and have never generated revenue or profit, and it is possible we will never generate revenue or profit. As of December 31, 2022, we held approximately 68.1 million in cash and cash equivalents and an accumulated deficit of 420.6 million. Based on our current operating plan and assumptions, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the second quarter of 2023, but will not be sufficient to fund our operations for twelve months from the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We will need to raise additional capital to fund our future operations and remain as a going concern. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through future equity offerings, the ownership interest of common stockholders will be diluted, which dilution may be significant. However, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain any or sufficient additional funding or that such funding, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to us. In the event that we are unable to obtain any or sufficient additional funding, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue as a going concern, and we will be forced to delay, reduce or discontinue our product development programs or commercialization efforts. 
 Substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern may materially and adversely affect the price per share of our common stock, and it may be more difficult for us to obtain financing. If potential collaborators decline to do business with us or potential investors decline to participate in any future financings due to such concerns, our ability to increase our cash position may be limited. The perception that we may not be able to continue as a going concern may cause others to choose not to deal with us due to concerns about our ability to meet our contractual obligations. 
 We have prepared our consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. Our consolidated financial statements 
 36 

included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible inability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 We will require substantial additional funds to complete our research and development activities, and, if additional funds are not available, we may need to significantly scale back or cease our business. 
 From inception in 2008 through December 31, 2022, we raised net proceeds of 436.2 million from the sale of capital stock, and from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022, we raised 67.0 million from the issuance of debt and convertible notes (including approximately 13.5 million of the PIPE Prepayment) which we have dedicated to the development of our RNA platform, human health product pipelines and plant health product pipelines. As of December 31, 2022, we held approximately 68.1 million in cash and cash equivalents. On February 2, 2022, we consummated the Business Combination and raised aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 136.4 million, which included funds held in ENVI s trust account (after giving effect to redemptions of 194.9 million) and proceeds from the February 2022 PIPE Financing of 124.3 million (inclusive of the PIPE Prepayment), before deducting transaction expenses of 26.7 million. On August 11, 2022, we entered into the August 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements with the August 2022 PIPE Investors, pursuant to which we sold 27,640,301 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 3.92 per share in a private placement, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 108.3 million. We have invested and will continue to invest in property and equipment, and human capital and will require substantial funds to bring the current products in our product pipeline to market and to grow our business by researching, developing, and protecting products not currently in our product pipeline. 
 Based on our history of losses, we do not expect that we will be able to fund our longer-term capital and liquidity needs through our current cash balances and operating cash flow alone. To fund our longer-term capital and liquidity needs, we will need to secure additional capital. The amount of capital we will need will be subject to change depending on, among other things, the success of our efforts to grow revenue and our efforts to continue to effectively manage expenses. 
 When we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges and opportunities could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our financing needs may also increase substantially depending on the results of our research, trials and development for products and costs arising from additional regulatory approvals. We may not succeed in raising additional funds in a timely manner. The timing of our need for additional funds will depend on a number of factors, which are difficult to predict or may be outside of our control, including: 
 the resources, time and costs required to initiate and complete our research and development and to initiate and complete studies and trials and to obtain regulatory approvals for additions to our product pipeline; 

progress in our research and development programs; 

the timing and amount of milestone, royalty and other payments; and 

costs necessary to protect any intellectual property rights. 

If our estimates and predictions relating to any of these factors are incorrect, we may need to modify our business plans. 
 Our ability to raise funds will depend upon many factors, including conditions in the debt and equity capital markets, as well as investor perception of our creditworthiness and prospects. If we are unable to raise funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to execute our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. This may seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are not able to continue operations, investors may suffer a complete loss of their investments in our securities. 
 37 

Failure to timely access the Company s cash on deposit with Silicon Valley Bank SVB and ability to access its cash equivalents and marketable securities may result in a material adverse effect on the Company, its business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 On March 10, 2023, the Company became aware that SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation (the CDFPI ), which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC as receiver and SVB was subsequently transferred into a new entity, Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A SVB Bridge Bank ). All of the Company s cash was held in accounts with SVB and is now held in accounts with SVB Bridge Bank, almost all of which is in money market funds purchased pursuant to sweep account agreements with SVB, as agent. Based on a joint statement issued by the Department of Treasury, Federal Reserve Board and FDIC on March 12, 2023, all such accounts at SVB will be fully insured. While the Company has been able to access its cash on deposit with SVB Bridge Bank, there remains some uncertainty as to if we will be able to continue accessing such cash and the stability of SVB Bridge Bank under receivership. If the Company is unable to access its capital in the short term, there will be material adverse impacts on its business operations, financial condition and results of operations, as the Company will be unable to fund working capital, its payment obligations or other cash requirements. In this event, if the Company is unable to quickly access additional capital, the Company may be required to scale back its business operations to manage its cash flow needs. Such delays could expose the Company to late fees, interest, penalties, fines, defaults, liabilities, or termination rights to its partners, suppliers, regulators and employees. As a result of the uncertainty and stability that remains related to the closure of SVB and the timing and ability of the Company s continued access to its cash deposits, the Company s business operations, financial conditions and results of operations may be materially affected. 
 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect the Company s current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, and as noted above, on March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by CDFPI, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. If any of our lenders or counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any of our customers, suppliers or other parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties to SVB credit agreements and arrangements, and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of SVB and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis. The loan and security agreement with SVB contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (including an obligation to maintain cash in accounts at SVB in an amount equal to 110 of the outstanding loan obligations thereunder) and customary events of default. We granted a first-priority, perfected security interest in substantially all of our present and future personal property and assets, excluding intellectual property, to secure our obligations to SVB. For more information on our term loan with SVB, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Silicon Valley Bank Loan Agreement. 
 Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediately liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. Additionally, there is no guarantee that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. 
 Although we assess our banking and customer relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect the Company, the financial institutions with which the Company 
 38 

has loan agreements or other arrangement with directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which the Company has financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 
 The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not be limited to, the following: 
 
 Delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets; 

Delayed or lost access to, or reductions in borrowings available under revolving existing credit facilities or other working capital sources and/or delays, inability or reductions in the company s ability to refund, roll over or extend the maturity of, or enter into new credit facilities or other working capital resources; 

Potential or actual breach of contractual obligations that require the Company to maintain letters of credit or other credit support arrangements; 

Potential or actual breach of financial covenants in our credit arrangements; 

Potential or actual cross-defaults in other credit agreements, credit arrangements or operating or financing agreements; or 

Termination of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. 

In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our customers or suppliers, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a customer may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy, or a supplier may determine that it will no longer deal with us as a customer. In addition, a customer or supplier could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on the Company, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. Any customer or supplier bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure of any customer to make payments when due, or any breach or default by a customer or supplier, or the loss of any significant supplier relationships, could result in material losses to the Company and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 
 We are an early-stage biotechnology company without any products or services currently available for sale and we may not be able to successfully develop or bring products or services to market. 
 In our human health program, we have several pre-IND product candidates, while in our plant health program, we have seven product candidates we hope to bring to market by 2027; however, there is no assurance that we will succeed in bringing any of our product candidates to market or that such product candidates, if approved, or any of our other operations will generate any revenue. If we cannot develop a marketable product or generate sufficient revenues, we may be required to suspend or cease operations. 
 39 

Our strategy assumes that we will collaborate with larger companies to develop and commercialize the products in our pipeline and if those collaborations are not successful or available to us at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products. 
 We are seeking and will continue to seek collaboration arrangements with third parties for the development or commercialization of our products. These arrangements are complex and time-consuming to negotiate, document, implement and maintain and, as a small company, we may not have the same bargaining power as the larger companies we seek to collaborate with and the terms of any collaborations or other arrangements that we may establish may not be favorable to us. 
 Due to our limited resources and access to capital, we must make decisions on the allocation of resources to certain programs and product candidates; these decisions may prove to be wrong and may adversely affect our business. 
 We have limited financial and human resources and intend to initially focus on research programs and product candidates for a limited set of indications and limited set of target pests. As a result, we may forgo, delay, or abandon pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential or a greater likelihood of success. For example, we recently paused work on our early-stage research programs, including our gene therapy program for sickle cell disease and our programs for antibody therapy and supra-seasonal flu. To the extent we have received grants to support some of the work we have paused, we may need to return unused grant money to the applicable sponsors, such as the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. 
 It is difficult to predict the time and cost of development of our pipeline products, which are produced by or based on a relatively novel and complex technology and are subject to many risks, any of which could prevent or delay revenue growth and adversely impact our market acceptance, business and results of operations. We may also determine not to pursue, or change the timing or order of, our product candidates. 
 We have a limited operating history and funding, which may make it difficult to evaluate our product development, product prospects and overall likelihood of success. 
 We commenced operations in 2008. We have a limited operating history as a company, which makes it difficult to predict future operations. The product candidates and the markets we hope to serve have shifted since we commenced operations and as such, our operational experience with our current product pipeline and target markets is shorter than the full period of our operations. We have been operating our plant health product pipelines since 2016 and our human health product pipelines since 2019. Our approach to the discovery and development of product candidates had not been validated by the commercial introduction of products and we cannot guarantee that the products currently in our product pipeline, or any other products or services, will have future commercial value. Our programs will require substantial additional development and research, both in time and resources, before we are in a position to receive regulatory approvals and begin generating revenue in connection with the sale of product candidates. We have not yet demonstrated the ability to complete a large-scale, pivotal clinical trial, obtain regulatory approval for any product in human health or plant health, manufacture a product at commercial scale, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, predictions about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully developing and commercializing products. 
 All of our products require rigorous, time-consuming and expensive regulatory examination and approval before they can be commercialized and some or all of our products may not receive this approval. 
 Any products that we are currently developing or may develop in the future will be subject to extensive governmental regulations relating to development, trials, manufacturing and commercialization. Rigorous studies, clinical trials and extensive regulatory licensure and approval processes are required to be successfully completed in the United States and in many foreign jurisdictions, such as Africa, the European Union and Japan, before a new product may be offered and sold in any of these countries or regions. Satisfaction of these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time-consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. We have experienced and may continue to experience additional unanticipated delays in our efforts to satisfy regulatory requirements relating to our product candidates. For example, in April 2022, we applied for a Clinical Trials Application, or CTA, with the South African Health Products Regulatory Authority, or SAHPRA, for a phase I/II single-vaccination booster study. That application was rejected on the basis that the application failed to identify specific benefits our testing efforts and a resulting vaccine would bring to South Africa considering the ready availability of other COVID-19 vaccines in that country. We can offer no assurance that any clinical trial applications we may file will be accepted by regulatory authorities. 
 40 

Studies and trials for regulatory licensure and approval are expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. Because many products that we develop in the future will be based on new technologies, we expect that they will require extensive research and development and necessitate substantial manufacturing and processing costs. In addition, costs to treat potential side effects that may result from a product we develop may be significant. 
 Furthermore, with respect to our plant health product pipeline, because our products contain novel RNA-based active ingredients, there will generally be no previously registered pesticide product containing that active ingredient and, as a result, the use of each of our products in the United States will require a new registration under FIFRA and the establishment of a tolerance under Section 408 of the FFDCA or the issuance of a tolerance exemption. We will also need regulatory approval from other jurisdictions if we want to commercialize our products globally where we will face similar challenges in obtaining approval. We have experienced and may continue to experience additional unanticipated delays. We can offer no assurance on timing of regulatory review and approval or that any of our applications filed will be accepted by the applicable regulatory authorities. Without the required regulatory approval, we will be unable to commercialize any of our products. 
 Please refer to risk factor sections on our human health, plant health and animal health products for more regulatory risk information. 
 Our company has product candidates with very complex and different sales marketing and distribution channels, which we have yet to establish, and if we are unable to establish these capabilities, we may not be successful in commercializing our product candidates if they are approved. 
 
 We will have very different sales and marketing channels if the products in our pipeline are to reach customers in their respective markets, requiring us to develop distinct sales, marketing, and distribution methods. In particular, the human, agricultural and plant health markets have different customers and distribution channels. We have not yet established a sales, marketing or product distribution infrastructure for our product candidates, which are still in various stages of development. To achieve commercial success for any product for which we obtain marketing approval, we will need to establish a sales and marketing organization within the United States and develop a strategy for sales outside of the United States. Building, managing and maintaining such a sales and marketing infrastructure will require us to hire experts in the field, implement complex systems, establish collaborations with third parties effectively across various geographies and understand disparate regulatory regimes. In addition, as we begin to commercialize our products, we will need to hire, develop, train personnel with expertise in marketing and selling products in each of those markets. Our ability to effectively engage in these steps is untested, making it impossible for us to accurately predict the level of success we will achieve. 
 Our growth strategy requires us to introduce new products, in addition to those in our current pipeline, that achieve market acceptance. 
 In order to reach our growth objectives, we must introduce new products in addition to our current pipeline of product candidates, and future new products. Research, development and regulatory approval for our products involve risks of failure inherent in the development of novel and complex products. These risks include the possibility that: 
 our products may not perform as expected; 

we may be unable to capitalize on successful innovation because we may choose not to incur the expense of patenting our discoveries in all jurisdictions or may be unable to obtain patents in the jurisdictions in which we wish to obtain patents; 

any strategy of discovering additional vertical markets beyond plant, animal and human health for the use of RNA may be infeasible, limiting our growth; 

our products may not receive necessary regulatory permits and governmental clearances in the markets in which we intend to sell them; 

our competitors may develop new products or improve existing products that may make our products uncompetitive; 

we may create production capacity that we are unable to use either because we do not bring related products to market or because the timing to bring those products to market is delayed; 

the lower cost of RNA produced by us may not translate equally or at all into lower prices for the products that use it; 

our products may be difficult to produce on a large scale; 

41 

intellectual property and other proprietary rights of third parties may prevent us or our collaborators from making, marketing or selling our products; 

we or our collaborators may be unable to fully develop or commercialize products in a timely manner or at all; and 

third parties may develop superior or equivalent products. 

Accordingly, if we experience any significant delays in the development or introduction of new products or if our new products do not achieve market acceptance, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 
 Our corporate restructuring and the associated headcount reduction may not result in anticipated savings, could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than expected and could disrupt our business. 
 In October 2022, we undertook an organizational restructuring that reduced our workforce by approximately 25 . We may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits, savings, and improvements in our cost structure from our restructuring efforts due to unforeseen difficulties, delays or unexpected costs. If we are unable to realize the expected operational efficiencies and cost savings from the restructuring, our operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. Furthermore, our restructuring plan may be disruptive to our operations. For example, our headcount reductions could yield unanticipated consequences, such as increased difficulties in implementing our business strategy, including retention of our remaining employees. Employee litigation related to the headcount reduction could be costly and prevent management from fully concentrating on the business. 
 We will need to modify the size of our organization from time to time, and we may experience difficulties in managing these changes, which could disrupt operations. 
 We will continue to slow our hiring in the near future as we assess capacity, capital needs and the scope of our operations. The skills we seek are typically in high demand and we may have difficulty identifying, hiring, integrating, motivating and retaining additional employees, consultants, and contract personnel, particularly in light of our recent workforce reduction. Also, our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of their attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to simultaneously manage rightsizing and growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage changes in the size of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, give rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Any future growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our rightsizing efforts while scaling the Company, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate and/or grow revenues could be reduced, and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage the size of our organization. 
 Many of the companies that we compete against for qualified personnel and consultants have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles, more established brands and a longer history in the industry than we do. If we are unable to continue to attract, motivate, and retain high-quality personnel and consultants, the rate and success at which we can discover and develop product candidates and operate our business will be limited. 
 We use RNA-based molecular biology triggers for many of the products in our product pipeline and the successful commercialization of these products will depend on public perceptions of RNA-based products. 
 The successful commercialization of our product candidates depends, in part, on public acceptance of modern biotechnology techniques and the use of RNA to regulate the expression of genes and production of proteins in human health and agricultural products. Negative public perceptions about RNA and molecular regulation of gene expression can also affect the regulatory environment in the jurisdictions in which we are targeting the sale of our products and the commercialization of our product candidates. Any increase in such negative perceptions or any restrictive government regulations in response to RNA-based products could have a negative effect on our business and may delay or impair the sale of our products or the development or commercialization of our product candidates. Public pressure may lead to increased regulation and legislation for products produced using biotechnology and this could adversely affect our ability to sell our product or commercialize our product candidates. 
 42 

Our accounting predecessor, GreenLight, has identified material weaknesses in its internal controls of financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses, or if we identify additional material weaknesses or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, this may result in material misstatements or restatements of our consolidated financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 As a public company, the Company is required to maintain internal control over financial reporting. Management may be unable to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements of a public company. If we are unable to comply with the requirement to maintain internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports or applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting, and our stock price may decline as a result. 
 Two material weaknesses have been identified in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The two material weaknesses identified in our internal controls result from: 
 The failure to maintain a sufficient complement of personnel in our accounting and reporting department to ensure adequate segregation of duties such that appropriate review and monitoring of our financial records are executed. 

The failure to design and implement adequate information systems controls, including access and change management controls. 

Two material weaknesses were identified in connection with the preparation and audit of GreenLight s financial statements as of December 31, 2020 (which audit was completed in September 2021), and had not been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 We have begun implementation of a plan to remediate these material weaknesses. These remediation measures are ongoing and include performing routine testing over financial reporting including general IT controls and performing a comprehensive risk assessment. These remediation measures may be time-consuming and costly, and there is no assurance that they will ultimately have the intended effects. If we identify any new material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the future, any such newly identified material weakness or significant deficiency could limit our ability to prevent or detect a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. 
 Moreover, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. At that time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue an adverse report if it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. 
 Under applicable employment laws, we may not be able to enforce covenants not to compete. 
 Our employment agreements generally include covenants not to compete. These agreements prohibit our employees, if they cease working for us, from competing directly with us or working for our competitors for a limited period. We may be unable to enforce these agreements under the laws of the jurisdictions in which our employees work. 
 Our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations. 
 We may from time to time receive inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information requests from government authorities and others and we may become subject to claims and other actions related to our business activities. While the ultimate outcome of investigations, inquiries, information requests and legal proceedings is difficult to predict, defense of litigation claims can be expensive, time-consuming and distracting, and adverse resolutions or settlements of those matters may result in, among other things, modification of our business practices, costs and significant payments, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 Many of our employees, including our senior management, were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our potential competitors. Some of these employees may have executed proprietary rights, non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment. Although we try to ensure that 
 43 

our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such employee s former employer. We are not aware of any threatened or pending claims related to these matters or concerning the agreements with our senior management, but future litigation may be necessary to defend against such claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 We are exposed to a risk of substantial loss due to claims that may be filed against us in the future because our insurance policies may not fully cover the risk of loss associated with our operations. 
 We are exposed to the risk of having claims seeking monetary damages being filed against us for loss or harm suffered by participants of our preclinical and clinical studies or for loss or harm suffered by users of any products that may receive approval for commercialization in the future, or in connection with loss or harm from any other product, for example, agricultural products, that may be tested or receive approval for commercialization in the future. In either event, the FDA, EPA or the regulatory authorities of other countries or regions may commence investigations of the safety and effectiveness of any such trial or commercialized product, the manufacturing processes and facilities or marketing programs utilized in respect of any such trial or products, which may result in mandatory or voluntary recalls of any commercialized product or other significant enforcement action such as limiting the indications for which any such product may be used, or suspension or withdrawal of approval for any such product. Similar risks exist in connection with the testing, use, or sale of any product we may develop or commercialize. If our products are used for an application they are not intended for, become adulterated or mislabeled we may need to recall such products. A widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. We could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us. A significant product recall or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, 
 Significant disruptions of information technology systems or security breaches could adversely affect our operations. 
 We are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data to operate our business ourselves and on vendors who operate aspects of our technology infrastructure for us. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including, among other things, trade secrets or other intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information). It is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. 
 Attacks on information technology systems are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and they are being conducted by increasingly sophisticated and organized groups that include state actors, criminal organizations and individuals who can bring significant resources and expertise to bear. Public reports indicate that state actors have specifically targeted companies developing COVID-19 vaccines with the intent of stealing trade secrets or disabling information technology systems associated with vaccine development and we may be unable to defend against these state actors who have significantly more resources at their disposal than we do. 
 Our information technology systems, and those of third-party vendors with whom we contract are also vulnerable to service interruptions, security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third-party vendors, and/or business partners, or from cyber-attacks by malicious third parties. Cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability, and could threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information. For example, we have previously experienced a ransomware attack that briefly interrupted access to two of our servers. Although in this instance we were able to rely on our backup systems to restore access promptly, without making a ransom payment and without loss of data, our defenses against future cyber-attacks may not be successful. 
 Significant disruptions of our information technology systems, or those of our third-party vendors, or security breaches could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss, adulteration, misappropriation and/or unauthorized access, use or disclosure of, or the prevention of access to, confidential information, including, among other things, trade secrets or other intellectual property, proprietary business information and personal information, and could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us or any third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants to comply with our privacy, confidentiality, data security or similar obligations to third parties, or any data security incidents or other security breaches that result in the unauthorized access, release or transfer of sensitive information, including personally 
 44 

identifiable information, may result in governmental investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, litigation or public statements against us, could cause third parties to lose trust in us or could result in claims by third parties asserting that we have breached our privacy, confidentiality, data security, or similar obligations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. Moreover, data security incidents and other security breaches can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying them may lead to increased harm. While we have implemented data security measures intended to protect our information technology systems and infrastructure, there can be no assurance that such measures will successfully prevent service interruptions or data security incidents. 
 We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws and regulations in various jurisdictions around the world which are subject to rigorous enforcement, and we can face serious consequences for violations. 
 We expect our non-U.S. activities to increase over time and to include countries that have more prevalent corruption than found in the U.S., increasing our exposure to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. These include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and as amended, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, both domestic and abroad. The FCPA and other anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries from corruptly promising, authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, anything of value to government officials, political parties, or candidates for public office for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an improper business advantage. The UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws also prohibit commercial bribery not involving government officials, and requesting or accepting bribes; and anti-money laundering laws prohibit engaging in certain transactions involving criminally-derived property or the proceeds of criminal activity. 
 We and third parties we do business with, as well as our representatives and agents, will have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated universities or other entities (for example, to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations and other regulatory approvals), which increases our risks under the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws. We also engage contractors, consultants and other third parties from time to time to conduct business development activities abroad. We may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees or third parties even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. 
 The FCPA also requires that we keep accurate books and records and maintain a system of adequate internal controls. We have recognized several material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which may compromise our ability to detect inappropriate payments (see the risk factor associated with material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting ). Furthermore, we cannot assure you that our employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries will always comply with our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. 
 Any allegations or violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws may result in whistleblower complaints, sanctions, settlements, investigations, prosecution, enforcement actions, substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, imprisonment, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, loss of export privileges, suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, adverse media coverage, reputational harm and other consequences, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Responding to an investigation or action can also result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 
 Our future depends on the continued contributions of our senior management team and our ability to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel; in particular, Andrey Zarur, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is critical to our future vision and strategic direction. 
 Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality management in sales, market access, product development, software engineering, marketing, operations, finance and support functions, especially in the Boston and Rochester areas. We compete for qualified technical personnel with other life sciences and biotechnology companies. Competition for qualified employees is intense in these industries, and the loss of even a few qualified employees, or an inability to attract, train, retain and motivate additional highly skilled employees required for the planned expansion of our business could harm our operating results and impair our ability to grow. The loss of one or more of our key employees, and any failure to have in place and execute an effective succession plan for key executives, could seriously harm our business. 
 As we continue to grow, we may be unable to continue to attract or retain the personnel needed to maintain our competitive position. To attract, train and retain key personnel, we use various measures, including competitive compensation and benefit 
 45 

packages (including an equity incentive program), which may require significant investment. These measures may not be enough to attract and retain the personnel required to operate our business effectively and efficiently. 
 Moreover, if the perceived value of our equity awards declines, it may materially and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key employees. If we do not maintain the necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience staffing constraints that materially and adversely affect our ability to support programs and operations. 
 Many of our employees may receive proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. 
 In addition, our future also depends on the continued contributions of our senior management team and other key personnel, each of whom would be difficult to replace. In particular, Dr. Andrey Zarur, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is critical to our future vision and strategic direction. We rely on our executive team in the areas of operations, research and development, commercial, and general and administrative functions. We also do not maintain key person life insurance for our key employees. 
 From time to time, there may be changes in our senior management team that may be disruptive to our business. If our senior management team, including any new hires that we may make, fails to work together effectively and to execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 Risks Related to Our Manufacturing Platform 
 We are designing an mRNA commercial manufacturing process in parallel with our product and process development. We currently intend to use CDMOs, such as Samsung Biologics Co., Ltd., to produce material for our COVID-19 product candidate for late-stage clinical trials and commercial launch. There is risk that the final manufacturing process and facility could be incompatible with the CDMO facility, requiring modification and resulting in delays and inefficient deployment of capital. 
 In an effort to bring our mRNA-related product candidates, particularly our pre-clinical COVID-19 vaccine candidate, to market more quickly, we are designing some aspects of our manufacturing process in parallel with selecting the exact manufacturing equipment and CDMO for that process. Steps to build the infrastructure include design, engineering, site selection and equipment procurement. 
 As we seek to increase the manufacturing output for commercial production and particular programs from the smaller quantities needed for IND-enabling studies to the larger quantities needed for commercial production, we intend to seek to continuously improve the manufacturability of our product candidates. Accordingly, we may change our manufacturing processes for a particular program during the course of development. However, any change in the manufacturing process may require resupplying clinical material to trial sites, which could increase our expenses, delay completion of clinical trials or otherwise adversely affect commercialization of the product. 
 We plan to acquire additional laboratory, manufacturing and other space to accommodate our expected growth. If we are not able to access appropriate or sufficient space at reasonable cost, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business and results of operations are dependent on locating and successfully negotiating leases for adequate access to laboratory and office space and suitable physical infrastructure, including electrical, plumbing, HVAC and network infrastructure, to conduct our operations and accommodate our growth. These resources are constrained and expensive in the areas in which we operate. If we are unable to access enough space or experience failures of our physical infrastructure, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 In order to properly conduct our business, we need access to sufficient laboratory space and equipment to perform the activities necessary to advance and complete our programs. Additionally, we need to ensure that our laboratories and corporate offices remain operational at all times, which includes maintaining suitable physical infrastructure, including electrical, plumbing and HVAC, logistics and transportation systems and network infrastructure. We lease our laboratories and office spaces, and we rely on the landlords for basic maintenance of our leased laboratories and office buildings. If one of our landlords has not maintained a leased property sufficiently, we may be forced into an early exit from the facility, which could be disruptive to our business. 
 46 

Our dsRNA and mRNA product candidates are based on innovative technologies and any product candidates we develop may be more complex and more difficult to manufacture than initially anticipated. We may encounter difficulties with manufacturing processes, manufacturing at higher volumes, product releases, product shelf life and storage, supply chain management, or shipping for any of our medicines, for both our agricultural or human health product candidates, including our COVID-19 vaccine. If we or any of our third-party vendors encounter such difficulties, our ability to supply commercial product or material for clinical trials could be delayed or stopped. 
 The manufacturing processes for our product candidates using our dsRNA and mRNA platforms are innovative and complex. There are no mRNA medicines currently manufactured at commercial scale utilizing our manufacturing process. Due to the nature of this technology and our limited experience at commercial scale production, we could encounter difficulties with manufacturing processes, manufacturing at higher volumes, product releases, product shelf life and storage, supply chain management, or shipping. 
 These difficulties could be due to any number of reasons including, but not limited to, complexities of producing batches at any volume, equipment failure, choice and quality of raw materials and excipients, analytical testing technology, and product instability. In an effort to optimize product features, we may make changes to a product candidate in our manufacturing and stability formulation and conditions, which may result in our having to resupply batches for pre-clinical or clinical activities when there is insufficient product stability during storage and insufficient supply. Insufficient stability or shelf life of our product candidates could materially delay our or our strategic collaborators ability to continue the clinical trial for that product candidate or require us to begin a new clinical trial with a newly formulated drug product, due to the need to manufacture additional pre-clinical or clinical supply. 
 Due to the nature of our products and manufacturing platform, there may also be a high degree of technological change that can negatively impact product comparability during and after clinical development. Furthermore, technology changes may drive the need for changes in, modification to, or the sourcing of new manufacturing infrastructure or may adversely affect third-party relationships. 
 The process to generate dsRNA or mRNA product candidates encapsulated in LNPs is complex and, if not developed and manufactured under well-controlled conditions, can adversely impact pharmacological activity and may result in one or more of our product candidates failure. 
 We have limited experience in manufacturing or commercializing proposed product candidates and may encounter difficulties, delays or other unanticipated hurdles before we are able to begin manufacturing our product candidates in the quantities needed to achieve our business plans. 
 We have limited experience in manufacturing or commercializing our proposed product candidates. As we increase manufacturing volume, we may encounter unexpected difficulties and delays that require adjustments or changes to our manufacturing process. Changes in our manufacturing processes may lead to failure of batches, which could lead to a substantial delay in pre-clinical studies and clinical trials or the delivery of commercial product. Any such changes could adversely affect clinical or commercial supply of our products. Such changes might also cause delays in or increase the cost of commissioning our facility and adversely affect our commercialization plans. 
 We have increased the batch size for our mRNA production to accommodate the supply requirements of some of our current and anticipated pre-clinical and clinical programs. However, in some cases, we may have to utilize multiple batches of substance and product to meet the clinical supply requirement of a single clinical trial. If we or our contract manufacturers fail to successfully and consistently produce mRNA at larger batch sizes, it could lead to a substantial delay in our clinical trials or in the commercialization of any products that may receive regulatory approval. 
 If our cell-free manufacturing platform does not perform as expected, or if our competitors develop and market technologies or products more rapidly than we do or that are more effective, outperform, safer or less expensive than our manufacturing platform technology, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 
 It is anticipated that we will face increased competition in the future as new companies enter the markets and as scientific developments progress. If we are unable to compete effectively, our opportunity to discover new products or generate revenue from the sale of such new products or our existing product candidates could be adversely affected. 
 47 

We have established laboratory, clean room, and manufacturing facilities in Massachusetts, North Carolina and New York to support our activities, which is resulting in the incurrence of significant investment with no assurance that such investment will be recouped. 
 In order to support our future growth and our agriculture and human health product pipeline, we have invested in facilities to develop products or produce materials. This investment has significantly increased our capital and operating expenses. Moreover, based on our current business plan, we anticipate that in the future we will need to expand our facilities for research and development and production capacity, which we currently expect to accomplish by expanding the capacity of existing facilities. We may need to, or decide to, build additional commercial mRNA manufacturing facilities using our platform technology in the U.S. and in countries outside of the U.S. There can be no assurance that any additional manufacturing capacity that we may acquire will be necessary or that this investment will be recouped. 
 If we are unable to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products and product candidates or if we do not fully utilize our manufacturing facilities, our business may be adversely affected. Charges resulting from excess capacity would have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We will depend on relationships with third parties for revenues, and for the development, regulatory approval, commercialization and marketing of certain of our products and product candidates, which are outside of our full control. 
 We rely on a number of third-party relationships for our leases, construction of our facilities, and the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of certain of our product candidates. Certain aspects of our regulatory affairs and clinical development relating to our products and product candidates are also outsourced to third parties. Reliance on third parties subjects us to a number of risks, including: 
 the inability to control the resources such third parties devote to our programs, products or product candidates; 

disputes may arise under an agreement and the underlying agreement may fail to provide us with significant protection or may fail to be effectively enforced if such third parties fail to perform; 

failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our obligations under an agreement with a third party could cause the third party to make public statements against us or could result in litigation asserting that we have breached our obligations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations; 

the interests of such third parties may not always be aligned with our interests, and such parties may not pursue regulatory approvals or market a product in the same manner or to the same extent that we would, which could adversely affect revenues, or may adopt tax strategies that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition; 

third-party relationships require the parties to cooperate, and failure to do so effectively could adversely affect product development or the clinical development or regulatory approvals of product candidates under collaborative control, could result in termination of the research, development or commercialization of product candidates or could result in litigation or arbitration; 

any failure on the part of such third parties to comply with applicable laws, including tax laws, regulatory requirements and/or applicable contractual obligations or to fulfill any responsibilities they may have to protect and enforce any intellectual property rights underlying product candidates could have an adverse effect on revenues as well as give rise to possible legal proceedings; 

any failure on the part of such third parties to meet their contractual obligations to us because of supply chain related failures, including supply chain failures resulting from the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, wars such as the war in Ukraine, political and tariff disputes, macroeconomic conditions, or other causes, any one of which could give that third party the ability to not perform its obligations to us under a claim of force majeure; and 

any improper conduct or actions on the part of such third parties could subject us to civil or criminal investigations and monetary and injunctive penalties, impact the accuracy and timing of financial reporting and/or adversely impact our ability to conduct business, operating results and reputation. 

Given these risks, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the success of current and future collaborative efforts. If these efforts fail, our product development or commercialization of product candidates could be delayed, revenues from products could decline and/or the anticipated benefits of these arrangements may not be realized. 
 48 

Manufacturing issues could substantially increase costs, limit supply of products and/or reduce revenues. 
 The process of manufacturing our products is complex, highly regulated and subject to numerous risks, including: 
 Risks of Reliance on Third Parties and Single Source Providers. We rely on third-party suppliers and manufacturers for many aspects of our manufacturing process for products and product candidates. In some cases, due to the unique manner in which our products and product candidates are manufactured, we rely on single source providers of raw materials and manufacturing supplies. For example, the dsRNA processes use specific yeast microbial RNA, the most effective forms of which are sourced from suppliers in China. These third parties, as well as our other suppliers, are independent entities subject to their own operational, geopolitical and financial risks that are outside of our control, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and intellectual property protection. These third parties may not perform their obligations in a timely and cost-effective manner or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and they may be unable or unwilling to increase production capacity commensurate with demand for existing or future products. Finding alternative providers could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the specialized nature of the services and the need to obtain regulatory approval of any significant changes to suppliers or manufacturing methods. We cannot be certain that we could reach an agreement with alternative providers or that the FDA or other regulatory authorities would approve the use of such alternatives. 

Risks Relating to Compliance with cGMP. We and our third-party providers are generally required to maintain compliance with cGMP and other stringent requirements and are subject to inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities to confirm compliance. Any delay, interruption or other issues that arise in the manufacture, fill-finish, packaging or storage of products or product candidates as a result of a failure of our facility or operations or those of third parties to pass any regulatory agency inspection could significantly impair our ability to develop and commercialize our products and product candidates. Significant noncompliance could also result in the imposition of monetary penalties or other civil or criminal sanctions and damage our reputation. 

Global Supply Risks. We rely on our laboratories and manufacturing facilities for the production of drug substance for our product candidates. The supply of these products and product candidates depends on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facility and laboratory, which could be adversely affected by equipment failures, labor shortages, public health epidemics, natural disasters, power failures, cyber-attacks and many other factors. Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet expected timelines or that there will not be any direct or indirect delays resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, macroeconomic conditions, wars or supply chain disruptions. We have had delays, and might experience additional delays, in bringing our current and planned facilities online and we may not have sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our long-term manufacturing requirements. 

Risk of Product Loss. The manufacturing process for our products is susceptible to product loss due to contamination, equipment failure or improper installation or operation of equipment or vendor or operator error. Even minor deviations from planned manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, product defects and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral or other contaminations are discovered in our products and product candidates, laboratory or manufacturing facility, we may need to close our laboratory or manufacturing facility for an extended period of time to investigate and remediate the contaminant. 

Any adverse developments affecting manufacturing operations or the operations of third-party suppliers and manufacturers may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls or other interruptions and/or delays in the clinical development or commercial supply of our products. Additionally, we may also have to take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for products that fail to meet specifications, undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. Such developments could increase manufacturing costs, cause revenue loss or loss of market share as patients and physicians turn to competing therapeutics, diminish profitability or damage our reputation. 
 In addition, although we have business continuity plans to reduce the potential for manufacturing disruptions or delays and reduce the severity of a disruptive event, there is no guarantee that these plans will be adequate, which could adversely affect our business and operations. 
 49 

Risks Related to the Production of dsRNA and mRNA 
 Our proposed products are temperature sensitive and may have other attributes that lead to limited shelf life. These attributes may pose risks to supply, inventory, availability, product relevance and waste management and increased cost of goods. 
 Our mRNA and dsRNA product candidates may prove to have a stability profile that leads to a lower than desired shelf life of the final approved mRNA medicine. This poses risk in supply requirements, product obsolescence, clinical trial delays, wasted stock, and higher cost of goods. 
 Our products and product candidates are temperature sensitive, and we may learn that any or all of our product candidates are less stable than desired. It is also possible that we may find that transportation conditions negatively impact product quality. This may require changes to the formulation or manufacturing process for one or more of our product candidates and result in delays or interruptions to clinical or commercial supply. In addition, the cost associated with such transportation services and the limited pool of vendors may also add additional risks of supply disruptions. 
 We have established a number of analytical assays, and may have to establish several more, to assess the quality of our dsRNA and mRNA product candidates. We may identify gaps in our analytical testing strategy that might prevent release of product or could require product withdrawal or recall. For example, new impurities that have an impact on product safety, efficacy, or stability may be discovered. This may lead to an inability to release mRNA product candidates until the manufacturing or testing process is rectified. 
 Risks Related to Raw Materials and Reliance on Third Parties 
 The materials used in the processes by which we manufacture RNA and our derivative products, such as dsRNA or mRNA, may become difficult to obtain in the quality or quantity required for our business plans or at the prices that are currently projected. 
 Many of our processes and products rely on materials purchased from third parties and should these materials increase in prices, have supply constraints, or become unavailable, it could impact our ability to develop products or bring them to market either on time, at competitive prices or at all. For example, our dsRNA processes use specific yeast microbial RNA, the most effective forms of which are sourced from suppliers in China. Should that particular yeast become unavailable, it could impair the effectiveness, yield or availability of the dsRNA produced for the agricultural markets. 
 Moreover, some enzymes that are used in our RNA platform and our down-stream products are specific in nature and sourced from third parties, some of whom have proprietary processes which give them an advantage in cost or effectiveness that they pass on to us. Some materials come from single sources, such as LNPs, which are licensed from a third party and which are used to produce mRNA. We may need to license other materials from third parties, and if we are unable to do so on reasonable terms, or at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Some of the raw materials are being employed in an innovative manner and may not be scaled to a level to support commercial supply and we could experience unexpected manufacturing or testing failures, or supply shortages. Such issues with raw materials and excipients could cause delays or interruptions to clinical and commercial supply of products or product candidates. 
 Single or limited sources for some materials may impact our ability to secure supply. 
 Our dependence on single-source, limited-source or preferred suppliers exposes us to certain risks, such as: 
 a disruption to suppliers operations which could leave us with no other means of continuing the research, development, or manufacturing operations for which the supplier provides inputs; 

the inability to locate a suitable replacement on acceptable terms or on a timely basis, if at all; 

existing suppliers may cease or reduce production or deliveries, raise prices, or renegotiate terms; 

delays caused by supply issues may harm our reputation, frustrate customers, and cause them to turn to our competitors; and 

Our ability to progress the development of existing programs and the expansion of capacity to begin future programs could be materially and adversely impacted if the single-source, limited-source or preferred suppliers upon which we rely were to experience a significant business challenge, disruption, or failure due to issues such as 

50 

financial difficulties or bankruptcy, issues relating to other customers such as regulatory or quality compliance issues, or other financial, legal, regulatory, or reputational issues. 

Should any of the above risks, or should any consequences of unpredictable risks, come to fruition, such events could have a material adverse effect on operations. 
 We rely on highly specialized equipment and consumables for the production of RNA and our derivative products, dsRNA and mRNA, and any disruption to the supply chain or any malfunction of that equipment may adversely impact our operations. 
 The equipment and consumables used to produce RNA and our derivative products, dsRNA and mRNA, continue to be supply constrained across all suppliers, which may cause delays in development, testing or marketing of our human health products and may require us to ultimately increase prices should our products become available to consumers. 
 Additionally, we will be dependent on a number of equipment providers and CMOs who are also implementing innovative technology. If such equipment malfunctions or if we encounter unexpected performance issues, we could encounter delays or interruptions to clinical and commercial supply. Due to the number of different programs, we may have cross contamination of product candidates inside of our factories, CROs, suppliers, or in the clinic that affect the integrity of our product candidates. 
 Delay or unavailability of products, services, or equipment provided by suppliers could require us to change the design of our research, development, and manufacturing processes based on the functions, limitations, features, and specifications of the replacement items or seek out a new supplier to provide these items. Additionally, as we grow, our existing suppliers may not be able to meet our increasing demand, and additional suppliers may need to be found. We may not be able to secure suppliers who provide lab supplies at, or equipment and services to, the specification, quantity, and quality levels that we demand (or at all) or be able to negotiate acceptable fees and terms of services with such suppliers. 
 Risks Related to Market Acceptance 
 Even if any of the product candidates we develop receives regulatory approval, we may nonetheless fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors, and others in the medical community on the human health side and by growers, farmers, and others in the agricultural community on the plant and animal health side, in each case, necessary for commercial success. 
 The commercial success of any of our product candidates will depend upon its degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third party payors, and others in the medical community with respect to human health products and by growers, farmers, and others in the agricultural community with respect to plant and animal health products. Even if any product candidates we develop receive regulatory approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors, and others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of any product candidates we may develop, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 With respect to human health products: 
 the wider acceptance by patients of products derived from RNA manufacturing processes; 

the efficacy and safety of such product candidates as demonstrated in pivotal clinical trials published in peer-reviewed journals; 

the potential and perceived advantages compared to alternative treatments; 

the ability to offer our products for sale at competitive prices; 

the ability to offer appropriate patient access programs, such as co-pay assistance; 

the extent to which physicians recommend our products to their patients; 

convenience and ease of dosing and administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the clinical indications for which the product candidate is approved by the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory agencies; 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including any limitations, contraindications or warnings contained in a product s approved labeling; 

restrictions on how the product is distributed; 

51 

the timing of market introduction of competitive products; 

publicity concerning our products or competing products and treatments; 

the effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and other licensees and distributors; 

sufficient governmental third party coverage or reimbursement; and 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

With respect to plant and animal health products: 
 
 the wider acceptance by growers, farmers, and others in the agricultural community to adopt a dsRNA-based product; 

the efficacy of such dsRNA-based products; 

the compatibility of such dsRNA-based products to be used with other products; 

the potential and perceived advantages compared to alternative solutions; 

the ability to offer our products for sale at competitive prices; 

convenience and ease of using such dsRNA-based products; 

the timing of market introduction of competitive products; 

publicity concerning our products or competing products and solutions; 

the effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and other distributors; and 

potential off-target effects. 

If any product candidates developed by us does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, healthcare payors, patients and the medical community with respect to human health products and by growers, farmers, and the agricultural community with respect to plant and animal health products, we will not be able to generate significant revenue, and may not become or remain profitable. The failure of any product candidates to find market acceptance could harm our business prospects. 
 Legal requirements as well as ethical and social concerns about synthetic biology and genetic engineering could limit or prevent the use of our technologies and limit revenues. 
 Our platform technology, including how dsRNA and mRNA is extracted, includes the use of synthetic biology and genetic engineering. In some countries, drugs made using genetically modified organisms may be subject to a more stringent legal regime, which could prove to be complex and very challenging. For example, in the European Union, the rules on genetically modified organisms could apply in addition to the general rules on medicinal products or cosmetic products. The rules on advanced therapy medicinal products may also apply. 
 Additionally, public perception about the safety and environmental hazards of, and ethical concerns over, synthetic biology and genetic engineering could influence public acceptance of our technologies, product candidates and processes, particularly in the case of human medicines such as our COVID-19 vaccine product candidate. If we, our collaborators or other third parties are not able to overcome the legal challenges as well as the social concerns relating to synthetic biology and genetic engineering, our technologies, product candidates and processes may not be accepted. These challenges and concerns could result in increased expenses, regulatory scrutiny and increased regulation, trade restrictions on imports of our product candidates, delays or other impediments to our programs or the public acceptance and commercialization of our products. 
 52 

While we aim to produce agricultural products that leave low to no residue in foodstuffs, there may be instances of residue when our products are used on certain materials with high preservatives. While GreenLight designs its products to be low-residue, there may be instances of use case or formulations where some residue may exist for longer periods because of environmental factors or the product being used with other materials. While we do not believe that residues present a health risk to humans, the existence, duration or amount of residues could limit adoption of products containing those residues . While we carefully design our dsRNA products to be specific and with the goal of avoiding off-target effects, we cannot guarantee that such products will have zero off-target effects. Our dsRNA products are designed to be specific for targeted invasive pests and with the goal of having no off-target effects on non-target organisms. In designing our products, we compare the genome of our target species to the genome of other species that may co-exist with it to enable us to avoid off-target effects; however, it is not feasible or practicable to test our dsRNA products against every organism and there may be off-target effects on organisms that we are not aware of or that could cause effects that would limit the regulatory approval or commercial adoption of our products. 
 Our product candidates could have unintended consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, and may expose us to liability for any resulting harm. 
 We design and produce product candidates with characteristics comparable or superior to those found in naturally occurring organisms or enzymes in a controlled laboratory; however, the release of such organisms into uncontrolled environments could have unintended consequences. Any adverse effect resulting from such a release could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, and may expose us to liability for any resulting harm. 
 Risks Related to Global Expansion 
 Our planned manufacturing, sales and operations are subject to the risks of doing business internationally. 
 In the future, we intend to expand the reach of our platform technology into international markets, including certain countries in Africa, Asia and Latin America where the need for locally produced vaccines and achieving food security is high, subjecting us to many risks that could adversely affect our business and revenues. There is no guarantee that our efforts and strategies to expand manufacturing and sales in international markets will succeed. Emerging market countries may be especially vulnerable to periods of global and local political, legal, regulatory and financial instability and may have a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices. Certain countries may require local clinical trial data as part of the drug registration process in addition to global clinical trials, which can add to overall drug development and registration timelines. We may also be required to increase our reliance on third-party agents and unfamiliar operations and arrangements previously utilized by companies we collaborate with or acquire in emerging markets. 
 Our manufacturing, sales and operations are subject to the risks of doing business internationally, including: 
 difficulties and challenges relating to the building, commissioning and complying with regulatory requirements related to manufacturing facilities in foreign countries; 

the inability to obtain necessary foreign regulatory or pricing approvals of products in a timely manner; 

limitations and additional pressures on our ability to obtain and maintain product pricing or receive price increases, including those resulting from governmental or regulatory requirements; 

the inability to successfully complete preclinical studies or subsequent or confirmatory clinical trials in countries where our experience is limited; 

the willingness of regulatory agencies to accept data from preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted in other jurisdictions; 

53 

the willingness of and time required for regulatory bodies and agencies to review and approve new dsRNA-based agricultural products; 

longer payment and reimbursement cycles and uncertainties regarding the collectability of accounts receivable; 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates that may adversely impact our revenues, net income and value of certain of our investments; 

the imposition of governmental controls; 

diverse data privacy and protection requirements; 

increasingly complex standards for complying with foreign laws and regulations that may differ substantially from country to country and may conflict with corresponding U.S. laws and regulations; 

the far-reaching anti-bribery and anti-corruption legislation in the U.K., including the Bribery Act, and elsewhere and escalation of investigations and prosecutions pursuant to such laws; 

compliance with complex import and export control laws; 

changes in tax laws; 

the imposition of tariffs or embargoes and other trade restrictions; 

the impact of public health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, on the global economy and the delivery of healthcare treatments; 

less favorable intellectual property or other applicable laws; and 

known and unknown risks related to local and geopolitical unrest; 

In addition, our future potential international operations are subject to regulation under U.S. law, and non-compliance with those laws may subject us to severe criminal and civil penalties. For example, the FCPA prohibits U.S. companies and their representatives from paying, offering to pay, promising to pay or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party or political candidate for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or to otherwise obtain favorable treatment or influence a person working in an official capacity. In many countries, the health care professionals with whom we may regularly interact may meet the FCPA s definition of a foreign government official. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including possible delay in approval or refusal to approve a product, recalls, seizures or withdrawal of an approved product from the market, disruption in the supply or availability of our products or suspension of export or import privileges, the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions, the prosecution of executives overseeing our international operations and damage to our reputation. Any significant impairment of our ability to sell products outside of the U.S. could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Our goal of expanding outside the U.S. will depend on our ability to successfully manage the complexity of multiple global supply chains in countries with poor infrastructure, in which we have limited experience. 
 Logistics, regulatory environments, business customs, local and geopolitical concerns and end user markets differ country by country. As we expand globally to enable the production of our dsRNA and mRNA products in countries outside the U.S., we will face material risks that could cause us to expend significant resources. There can be no guarantee when such efforts will be successful, if at all. As we expand our platform globally, we will have to familiarize ourselves with the regulatory environment in that country, which could significantly diverge from the regulatory regimes in the U.S. and which may not necessarily approve our product candidates, even if such product candidates achieve regulatory approval in the U.S. 
 In each country in which we intend to utilize our manufacturing platform, it may also be necessary to create partnerships with local enterprises, which come with inherent risks, including corruption, violation of U.S. laws and regulations relating to anti-corruption laws, intellectual property theft, divergence from our quality and health standards and a number of unknown risks that could delay or cause our international expansion to fail entirely. 
 We will have to become familiar with these and other factors in order to be effective; however, our ability to do so is untested as is our ability to obtain and retain experts in these areas to implement an international supply chain serving any facility other than those in the United States. Moreover, any of our suppliers could go out of business, lose operating licenses or be subject to regulatory actions and be unable to supply us, which could result in production delays or stoppages. 
 54 

Risks Related to Competition 
 We face significant competition, and if our competitors develop and market technologies or products more rapidly than we do or that are more effective, safer or less expensive than the product candidates we develop, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. 
 We believe one of our key competitive advantages is the cost and quality at which we can make RNA and recover dsRNA from it for use in agricultural products or mRNA for use in human health products. Should other processes match or beat that cost or quality, we could lose a key competitive advantage as an RNA producer which could in turn have negative effects on the products in our pipeline which depend on the quality and cost of the RNA produced by us to be competitive. Fermentation is currently the most popular method competing with our process for the production of RNA. While we believe fermentation is currently more expensive and tends to produce more down-stream impurities than our proprietary process, innovation or scale in the fermentation process could cause these drawbacks to be overcome to produce a product that is cost competitive with ours. Conventional cell-free processes, such as in-vitro transcription are cost prohibitive for agricultural applications and require special inputs. New innovations in cell-free processes could outperform our cell-free processes and make our technology obsolete. 
 Rapidly changing technology and emerging competition in the biotechnology industry could make the platform, programs, and products we are developing obsolete or non-competitive unless development of our platform and pursuit of new market opportunities continues. 
 The biotechnology industry is still emerging and is characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, and evolving industry demands and standards. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates on a timely and cost-effective basis. 
 Our competitors, either alone or together with collaborators, may have significantly greater financial, manufacturing, marketing, drug development, technical and human resources and commercial expertise than we do. Our competitors may also have more experience: 
 developing drug candidates; 

conducting preclinical and clinical trials; 

obtaining regulatory approvals; and 

commercializing product candidates. 

Risks Related to our Human Health Program 
 Even if we successfully design and complete our preclinical studies, our preclinical human health product candidates, and similar products in the future, must still go through clinical studies, which may reveal significant adverse events, including negative immune system responses, and may result in a safety profile that could prevent or delay regulatory approval or licensure or market acceptance of candidate products. 
 There is typically an extremely high rate of attrition for product candidates across categories of medicines proceeding through clinical trials. These product candidates may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile in later stages of clinical trials despite having progressed through nonclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in later stage clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or unacceptable safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Most investigational medicines that commence clinical trials are never approved as products and there can be no assurance that any of our current or future clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support further clinical development of any of our investigational medicines. Certain aspects of our investigational medicines may induce immune reactions from either the mRNA or the lipid as well as adverse reactions within liver pathways or degradation of the mRNA or the lipid nanoparticle (LNP), any of which could lead to significant adverse events in one or more of our clinical trials. Many of these types of side effects have been seen for previously developed LNPs. There may be resulting uncertainty as to the underlying cause of any such adverse event, which would make it difficult to accurately predict side effects in future clinical trials and would result in significant delays in our programs. 
 If unacceptable side effects, including materialized risks of immunogenicity, arise in the development of our product candidates, the FDA, a comparable foreign regulatory authority or the Institutional Review Boards (IRBs) at the institutions in which its studies are conducted, or the Data Safety Monitoring Board, if constituted for its clinical studies could recommend a suspension or termination of our clinical studies, or the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny licensure or approval of a product candidate. In addition, side effects could affect patient 
 55 

recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete a trial or result in potential product liability claims. In addition, these side effects may not be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff. We expect to have to train medical personnel using our product candidates to understand the side effect profiles for our clinical studies and upon any commercialization of any of our product candidates. Inadequate training in recognizing or managing the potential side effects of our product candidates could result in patient injury or death. 
 Even if such side effects do not preclude the drug from obtaining or maintaining marketing approval, any such approval may be for a more narrow indication than we seek or an unfavorable benefit risk ratio may inhibit market acceptance of the approved product due to its tolerability versus other therapies. In addition, regulatory authorities may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of any product candidates we develop. Consequently, the commercial prospects of such product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates may be delayed or eliminated. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 Additionally, if one or more of our product candidates receives marketing licensure and/or approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such products, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw licensures and/or approvals of such product; 

regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label, such as a black box warning or contraindication; 

additional restrictions may be imposed on the marketing of the particular product or the manufacturing processes for the product or any product component; 

we may be required to restrict the conductions under which the product may be distributed, including through implementation of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS; 

we may be required to change the way a product candidate is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; 

we could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; 

the product may become less competitive; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of a product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our human health markets are highly competitive. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing products, new treatment methods, new technologies or supply chain efficiencies, we may be unable to commercialize any products that we may develop in the future. 
 The biotechnology market is highly competitive, is subject to rapid technological change and is significantly affected by existing rival products and medical procedures, new product introductions and the market activities of other participants. Pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations may pursue the research and development of technologies, products or other therapeutic products for the treatment of some or all of the diseases that we target. We also may face competition from products that have already been approved or licensed and accepted by the medical community for the treatment of these same indications. Our competitors may develop products more rapidly or more effectively than us. Many of our competitors have: 
 much greater experience, financial, technical and human resources than we have at every stage of the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization process; 

more extensive experience in preclinical studies, conducting clinical trials, obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals or licensures and manufacturing and marketing products; 

products that have been approved or licensed or are in late stages of development; 

established distribution networks that can include preferential pricing, delivery or other terms with other participants in their supply chains; 

56 

collaborative arrangements with leading companies and research institutions; and 

entrenched and established relationships with healthcare providers and payors. 

In addition, many of these companies, in contrast to us, are well-capitalized. As a result of any of the foregoing factors, our competitors may develop or commercialize products with significant advantages over any product that we may develop in the future. If our competitors are more successful in commercializing their products than us, their success could adversely affect our competitive position and harm our business prospects. 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical studies, including due to global health matters such as COVID-19, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical studies for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical studies in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: 
 the patient eligibility and exclusion criteria defined in the protocol; 

the severity of the disease under investigation; 

the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints and the process for identifying patients; 

the proximity of patients to trial sites; 

the design of the trial; 

our ability to recruit clinical study investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

clinicians and patients perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the product candidate being studied with respect to other available therapies, including any new products that may be approved for the indications we are investigating; 

the availability of competing commercially available therapies and other competing product candidates clinical studies; 

the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; 

efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; 

our ability to obtain and maintain patient informed consents; and 

the risk that patients enrolled in clinical studies will drop out of the trials before completion. 

Further, timely enrollment in clinical studies is reliant on clinical study sites, which may experience delays or otherwise be adversely affected by disruptions due to global health matters, including COVID-19 and other pandemics. 
 If successfully released for sale, our COVID-19 vaccine candidate may fail to gain market acceptance. 
 Even if our mRNA vaccine for COVID-19 successfully completes clinical trials and is approved for commercial marketing, it may fail to meet the same high level of efficacy demonstrated by competitors and our ability to obtain revenues from the vaccine may be diminished or eliminated altogether. Moreover, the addressable market for our COVID-19 candidate may be limited if competing products have saturated some or all markets, particularly the most profitable markets. Further, any delays in commercialization may result in any approved COVID-19 vaccine becoming obsolete as the COVID-19 virus continues to mutate, which in turn may require us to obtain the production resources for replacement material, redevelop the material and restart the regulatory approval process or cancel the development of that product candidate. 
 We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to timing and outcome. A failure of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage in the process. We may experience delays in initiating or completing clinical studies. We may also experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, any future 
 57 

clinical studies that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing licensure and approval to commercialize our product candidates, including: 
 Regulators, or IRBs, Data Safety Monitoring Boards, or ethics committees may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical study or conduct a clinical study at a prospective trial site or may impose burdensome restrictions on or cause delays of the clinical study at a prospective trial site; 

the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities may disagree with our clinical study design, including with respect to dosing levels administered in our planned clinical studies, which may delay or prevent us from initiating our clinical studies with our originally intended trial design; 

the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities may not accept the results of any of our clinical studies conducted in other geographic locations or outside their country s jurisdiction; 

we may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with prospective trial sites and prospective Contract Research Organizations (CROs), which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

the number of subjects required for clinical studies of any product candidates may be larger than we anticipate or subjects may drop out of these clinical studies or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all, or may deviate from the clinical study protocol or drop out of the trial, which may require that we add new clinical study sites or investigators; 

we may experience delays and interruptions to clinical studies, we may experience delays or interruptions to our manufacturing supply chain, or we could suffer delays in reaching, or we may fail to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with third-party service providers on whom we rely; 

additional delays and interruptions to our clinical studies could extend the duration of the trials and increase the overall costs to finish the trials as its fixed costs are not substantially reduced during delays; 

we may elect to, or regulators, IRBs, Data Safety Monitoring Boards or ethics committees may require, that we or our investigators, suspend or terminate clinical research or trials for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

we may need to amend or submit new clinical protocols because of changes in regulatory requirements and guidance; 

we may not have the financial resources available to begin and complete the planned trials, or the cost of clinical studies of any product candidates may be greater than we anticipate; and 

the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical studies of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate to initiate or complete a given clinical study. 

Our product development costs will increase if we experience additional delays in clinical testing or in obtaining marketing approvals or licensure. We do not know whether any of our clinical studies will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. If we do not achieve our product development goals in the time-frames we announce and expect, the approval, licensure, and commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed or prevented entirely. Significant clinical study delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, potentially impairing our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and harming our business and results of operations. Any delays in our clinical development programs may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations significantly. 
 The time and expense required to obtain regulatory approvals for our preclinical and clinical trials could be significantly greater than for more conventional therapeutic technologies or products. If clinical trials of any product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities, do not otherwise produce positive results or are for other reasons not satisfactory to those authorities, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of such product candidates. 
 In the United States, the products that we intend to develop and market are regulated by the FDA under its drug and biologic development and review processes. Before such products can be marketed, we must obtain multiple authorizations and licensures from the FDA, first through submission and authorization of an investigational new drug application, or IND, then 
 58 

through successful completion of human testing under three phases of clinical trials and finally through submission of a biologics license application, or BLA. Even after successful completion of clinical testing, there is a risk that the FDA may refuse to file our BLA submissions, request further information from us, disagree with our findings, undertake a lengthy review of our BLA submissions or deny our application. 
 The time required to obtain approval or licensure by the FDA and other comparable regulatory authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials, if at all, and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, approval and licensure policies, regulations or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval or licensure may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. We have not obtained marketing approval or licensure for any product candidate, and it is possible that none of our existing product candidates, or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future, will ever obtain approval for clinical trials, marketing approval or licensure. 
 Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for clinical trials, marketing or licensure in the United States or other countries for many reasons, including the following: 
 the regulatory authority may disagree with the design, implementation or location of our clinical trials; 

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the regulatory authority that a product candidate is safe, pure, potent or sufficiently distinguishable from existing therapies already in the market; 

results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required for licensure; 

unanticipated delays in starting clinical trials could result in test material becoming obsolete when compared to other therapies or going past its useful life which in turn would require us to obtain the production resources for replacement material, redevelop the material or cancel the development of that product candidate; 

we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

regulators may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a BLA to the FDA or other submission or to obtain marketing licensure in the United States; 

the FDA may find deficiencies with or fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the licensure policies or regulations of the FDA may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for licensure. 

This lengthy licensure process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial regulatory approvals and results may result in our failing to obtain licensure to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The FDA and its counterparts in other countries have substantial discretion in approving clinical trials, granting licenses and determining when or whether regulatory licensure will be obtained for any of our product candidates. Even if we believe the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support licensure. 
 In addition, even if we were to obtain licensure, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our products, may grant a license contingent on the performance of costly post marketing clinical trials, or may approve or license a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. 
 If we decide to market any product that we develop in jurisdictions in addition to the United States, we may incur the same costs or more in satisfying foreign regulatory requirements governing the conduct of preclinical and clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing and commercialization of any product that we develop in the future. Approval or licensure by the FDA by itself does not assure approval by regulatory authorities outside the United States. Each of these foreign regulatory approval processes includes all of the risks associated with the FDA approval or licensing process, as well as risks attributable to having to satisfy local regulations within each of these foreign jurisdictions and the possibility that our management team will be unfamiliar with that country s regulatory regime. Our inability to obtain regulatory approval outside the United States may also adversely compromise our business prospects. 
 59 

We may have difficulties convincing the medical community and third-party payors to accept and use any product that we are able to develop in the future even following our receipt of regulatory approval or licensure for commercialization. Key participants in pharmaceutical marketplaces, such as distributors, physicians, third-party payors and consumers, may not accept a product that we develop and we may be unable to compete with multiple-product or portfolio discounts larger competitors may offer. Even if such a product is accepted by these participants, the medical community may not consider effectiveness and safety alone as a sufficient basis for prescribing such as product in lieu of other alternative treatment methods and medications that are available. 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to identify, develop, or commercialize potential product candidates. 
 The success of our business depends primarily upon our ability to identify, develop, and commercialize products based on our mRNA platform. Research programs to identify new product candidates require substantial technical, financial, and human resources. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. As our development candidates and investigational medicines progress, we or others may determine that: certain of our risk allocation decisions were incorrect or insufficient; we made platform level technology mistakes; individual programs or our mRNA science in general have technology or biology risks that were unknown or under-appreciated; our choices on how to develop our infrastructure to support our needs would likely result in an inability to manufacture our investigational medicines for clinical trials or would otherwise impair our manufacturing; or we have allocated resources in such a way that large investments would not be recovered and capital allocation would not be subject to rapid re-direction. All of these risks may relate to our current and future programs sharing similar science (including mRNA science) and infrastructure, and in the event material decisions in any of these areas turn out to have been incorrect or under-optimized, we may experience a material adverse impact on our business and ability to fund our operations and we may never realize what we believe is the potential of mRNA. If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for one or more programs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 The successful commercialization of our human health product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which third-party insurers and payors establish adequate coverage, reimbursement levels and pricing policies. Failure to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved, could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 The availability and extent of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors, including government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers, managed care organizations and other third-party payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments. Sales of any of our product candidates that receive marketing approval will depend substantially, both in the United States and internationally, on the extent to which the costs of such product candidates will be covered and reimbursed by third-party payors. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize an adequate return on our investment. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement are not available or reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we may not successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, for example, principal decisions about reimbursement for new products are typically made by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new product will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare, and private third-party payors often follow CMS s decisions regarding coverage and reimbursement to a substantial degree. However, one third-party payor s determination to provide coverage for a product candidate does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product candidate. Further, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often time-consuming and costly. This process will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each third-party payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. 
 We cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent of health reform initiatives that may arise from future legislation or administrative action. 
 Changes in healthcare policy could increase our costs, decrease our revenue and impact sales of and reimbursement for our future products, if approved. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed health care, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative 
 60 

changes. The United States, through the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably once approved. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. Current and future legislative proposals to further reform healthcare or reduce healthcare costs may limit coverage of or lower reimbursement for the procedures associated with the use of our product candidates once approved and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and biologics and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. The cost containment measures that payors and providers are instituting and the effect of any healthcare reform initiative implemented in the future could impact our revenue from the sale of our products once approved. 
 We believe that there will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators and third-party payors to reduce costs and potentially affect individual healthcare benefits. Certain of these changes could impose additional limitations on the rates we will be able to charge for any future products or the amounts of reimbursement available for any future products from governmental agencies or third-party payors. 
 We are and will continue to be dependent on third parties for strategically important tasks, and our ability to develop our products, obtain regulatory approval or bring products to market may fail if these third parties do not perform as we expect. 
 We are subject to risks related to our reliance on third parties in that we will: 
 seek to enter into collaboration arrangements to fund development and commercialization of our products; 

rely on CROs to conduct key elements of research by which our products are developed; 

rely on Contract Development Organizations CDOs to develop key components of our products; 

retain individual contractors or contracting organizations to perform critical functions in our company, including functions associated with senior management positions; and 

seek to enter into joint development agreements for the manufacture of both our RNA materials and human health products with partners outside the U.S. 

The activities performed by these third parties may be delayed or suspended in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact our ability to successfully develop and test our product candidates and research programs in a timely manner. 
 Our reliance on these third parties for research and development activities will reduce our control over these activities but will not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with standards, commonly referred to as Good Clinical Practices, or GCPs, for conducting, recording, and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity, and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. We also are required to register ongoing clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database, ClinicalTrials.gov, within certain timeframes. Failure to comply with these responsibilities can result in fines, adverse publicity, and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 The FDA enforces GCP regulations through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators, and trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA will determine that any of our future clinical trials will comply with GCPs. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with investigational medicines produced in accordance with the requirements in cGMP regulations. Our failure or the failure of our CROs to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action. 
 Communicating with outside parties can also potentially lead to mistakes as well as difficulties in coordinating activities. Furthermore, these third parties may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors. 
 If any of these third parties, or others we have business relationships with, fail to meet their obligations to us it will increase our expenses, damage our reputation and could result in the delay or shutdown of the projects they support and result in our inability to bring some or all of our products to market. 
 61 

Our collaboration arrangements may restrict or prevent our future business activity in certain markets or industries, which could harm our ability to grow our business. 
 We will seek to enter into collaborations by which, in exchange for funding of infrastructure, development or marketing of our products, we will grant to other parties exclusive rights to the development, production, marketing or distribution of selected products in specific geographies. For example, in March 2022, we granted Serum Institute of India Private Limited SIIPL an exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-bearing license to use our proprietary technology platform to develop, manufacture and commercialize an mRNA shingles product and up to two other mRNA products in all territories other than the United States, the 27 member states of the European Union, the United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, New Zealand, Canada, South Korea, China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. These rights may keep us from entering into alternative collaborations which may keep us from using capital effectively and limit our ability to grow our business. Any failure on the part of our collaboration partners to comply with applicable laws, regulatory requirements and/or applicable contractual obligations or to fulfill any responsibilities they may have to protect and enforce any intellectual property rights underlying product candidates could harm our reputation, including with regulatory authorities, have an adverse effect on revenues, as well as give rise to possible legal proceedings. Moreover, the failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our obligations under a collaboration agreement with any of our collaboration partners could cause the partner to make public statements against us or could result in litigation asserting that we have breached our obligations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 If we bring our human health products to market as planned, our relationships with customers and third-party payors will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, program exclusion, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation of any product for which we obtain marketing licensure or approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute products for which we obtain marketing approval. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines and exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government-funded healthcare programs. 
 We are subject to significant regulation with respect to manufacturing our products. The manufacturing facilities on which we will rely may not continue to meet regulatory requirements and have limited capacity. 
 All entities involved in the preparation of vaccines and products for clinical studies or commercial sale, including other contract manufacturers we have used or may use, are subject to extensive regulation. Components of a finished therapeutic product approved or licensed for commercial sale or used in late-stage clinical studies must be manufactured in accordance with applicable good manufacturing practice requirements, or GMP. These regulations govern manufacturing processes and procedures (including record keeping) and the implementation and operation of quality systems to control and assure the quality of investigational products and products approved or licensed for sale. Poor control of production processes can lead to the introduction of adventitious agents or other contaminants, or to inadvertent changes in the properties or stability of our product candidates that may not be detectable in final product testing. We or our contract manufacturers must supply all necessary documentation in support of a BLA on a timely basis and must adhere to the FDA s good laboratory practices, or GLP, and GMP regulations enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program. Our facilities and quality systems and the facilities and quality systems of some or all our third-party contractors must pass a pre-approval inspection for compliance with the applicable regulations as a condition of regulatory licensure and approval of our product candidates. In addition, the regulatory authorities may, at any time, audit or inspect a manufacturing facility involved with the preparation of our product candidates or the associated quality systems for compliance with GMP and other regulations applicable to the activities being conducted. If these facilities do not pass a pre-approval plant inspection or do not have a GMP compliance status acceptable for the FDA, FDA approval or licensure of the products will not be granted. 
 62 

As product candidates proceed through preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials towards potential approval and commercialization, various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are commonly altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the materials manufactured using altered processes. Such changes may also require additional testing, FDA notification or FDA approval. This could delay or prevent completion of clinical trials, require conducting bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay or prevent approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commence sales and generate revenue. 
 The regulatory authorities also may, at any time following licensure or approval of a product for sale, audit our manufacturing facilities or those of our third-party contractors. If any such inspection or audit identifies a failure to comply with applicable regulations or if a violation of our product specifications or applicable regulations occurs independent of such an inspection or audit, we or the relevant regulatory authority may require remedial measures that may be costly and/or time-consuming for us or a third-party to implement and that may include the temporary or permanent suspension of a clinical study or commercial sales or the temporary or permanent closure of a facility. Any such remedial measures imposed upon us or third parties with whom we contract could materially harm our business. 
 If we or any of our third-party manufacturers fail to maintain regulatory compliance with applicable GMP requirements, the FDA can impose regulatory sanctions including, among other things, refusal to approve a pending application for a new product or biologic product, or revocation of a pre-existing approval. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially harmed. 
 Additionally, if supply from one approved manufacturer is interrupted, there could be a significant disruption in commercial supply. An alternative manufacturer would need to be qualified through a BLA supplement which could result in further delay. The regulatory agencies may also require additional studies if a new manufacturer is relied upon for commercial production. Switching manufacturers may involve substantial costs and is likely to result in a delay in our desired clinical and commercial timelines. 
 These factors could cause the delay of clinical studies, regulatory submissions, required approvals or commercialization of our product candidates, cause us to incur higher costs and prevent us from commercializing our products successfully. Furthermore, if our suppliers fail to meet contractual requirements, and we are unable to secure one or more replacement suppliers capable of production at a substantially equivalent cost, our clinical studies may be delayed, or we could lose potential revenue. 
 If we, or if our service providers or any third-party manufacturers, fail to comply with regulatory requirements, we or they could be subject to enforcement actions, which could adversely affect our ability to market and sell a product we develop in the future. 
 We have a limited ability to manufacture materials for our research programs and preclinical studies and we do not operate any significant manufacturing facilities. We primarily rely on third-party contract manufacturing organizations CMOs for the manufacture of our materials for preclinical and clinical studies and expect to continue to do so and for commercial supply of any product candidates that we develop and for which we or our collaborators obtain marketing approval. Additionally, the activities performed by our CMOs may be delayed or suspended in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact our ability to successfully develop and test our product candidates, including in clinical trials, and research programs in a timely manner. 
 Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us; and reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance, quality assurance, safety, and pharmacovigilance and related reporting. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. 
 If we, or if our service providers or any third-party manufacturers, fail to comply with applicable federal, state or foreign laws or regulations, we could be subject to enforcement actions, which could adversely affect our ability to successfully develop, market and sell a product we develop in the future and could harm our reputation. These enforcement actions may include: 
 restrictions on, or prohibitions against, marketing; 

restrictions on importation; 

63 

suspension of review or refusal to approve new or pending applications; 

suspension or withdrawal of product approvals; 

product seizures or recalls; 

operating restrictions; 

injunctions; and 

civil and criminal penalties and fines. 

Risks related to creating a new class of mRNA products 
 We have not yet succeeded and may not succeed in demonstrating the efficacy and safety of any of our product candidates in clinical trials or in obtaining marketing approval thereafter. We have not yet completed a clinical trial of any product candidate and we have not yet assessed safety of any product candidate in humans. As such, there may be adverse effects from treatment with any of our current or future product candidates that we cannot predict at this time. 
 Other than the approvals of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine and the Moderna Spikevax COVID-19 Vaccine, and the previous Emergency Use Authorizations for these COVID-19 vaccines, no mRNA medicines have been granted EUA or have been granted full approval or licensure to date by the FDA or other regulatory agencies. Moreover, it is possible that FDA and other regulators will decline to accept new EUA submissions for COVID-19 vaccine candidates if it is determined that the underlying health emergency no longer exists or warrants such authorization. Successful discovery and development of other mRNA medicines by us or our strategic collaborators is highly uncertain and depends on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our or their control. We have made and will continue to make a series of business decisions and take calculated risks to advance our development efforts and pipeline, including those related to mRNA technology, delivery technology, and manufacturing processes, which may be shown to be incorrect based on further work by us, our strategic collaborators, or others. Our products that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to advance, experience delays in the clinic, experience clinical holds, or fail to reach the market for many reasons, including: 
 discovery efforts at identifying potential mRNA medicines may not be successful; 

nonclinical or preclinical study results may show potential mRNA medicines to be less effective than desired or to have harmful or problematic side effects; 

clinical trial results may show potential mRNA medicines to be less effective than expected (e.g., a clinical trial could fail to meet one or more endpoint(s)) or to have unacceptable side effects or toxicities; 

adverse effects in any one of our clinical programs or adverse effects relating to our mRNA, or our lipid nanoparticles LNPs ), may lead to delays in or termination of one or more of our programs; 

the insufficient ability of translational models to reduce risk or predict outcomes in humans, particularly given that each component of investigational medicines and development candidates may have a dependent or independent effect on safety, tolerability, and efficacy, which may, among other things, be species-dependent; 

manufacturing failures or insufficient supply of cGMP materials for clinical trials, or higher than expected cost could delay or set back clinical trials, or make mRNA-based medicines commercially unattractive; 

our improvements in the manufacturing processes for this new class of medicines and potential medicines may not be sufficient to satisfy the clinical or commercial demand of our investigational medicines or regulatory requirements for clinical trials; 

changes that we make to optimize our manufacturing, testing or formulating of cGMP (cGMP regulations as enforced by the FDA) materials could impact the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of our investigational medicines and development candidates; 

pricing or reimbursement issues or other factors may delay clinical trials or make any mRNA medicine uneconomical or noncompetitive with other therapies; 

failure to timely advance our programs or receive the necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals, due to, among other reasons, slow or failure to complete enrollment in clinical trials, withdrawal by trial participants from trials, failure to achieve trial endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis, data integrity issues, preparation of a BLA, or the equivalent application, discussions with the FDA or EMA, a 

64 

regulatory request for additional nonclinical or clinical data, or safety formulation or manufacturing issues may lead to our inability to obtain sufficient funding; and 

the proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent our mRNA medicines from being commercialized. 

Currently, mRNA is considered a gene therapy product by the FDA. Unlike certain gene therapies that irreversibly alter cell DNA and could act as a source of side effects, mRNA-based medicines are designed to not irreversibly change cell DNA; however, side effects observed in gene therapy could negatively impact the perception of mRNA medicines despite the differences in mechanism. In addition, because no product in which mRNA is the primary active ingredient has been approved without first being authorized for emergency use, the regulatory pathway for approval is uncertain. The number and design of the clinical trials and preclinical studies required for the approval of these types of medicines have not been established, may be different from those required for gene therapy products, or may require safety testing like gene therapy products. Moreover, the length of time necessary to complete clinical trials and to submit an application for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory authority varies significantly from one pharmaceutical product to the next, and may be difficult to predict. 
 Adverse events in clinical trials of our investigational medicines or in clinical trials of others developing similar products and the resulting publicity, as well as any other adverse events in the field of mRNA medicine, or other products that are perceived to be similar to mRNA medicines, such as those related to gene therapy or gene editing, could result in a decrease in the perceived benefit of one or more of our programs, increased regulatory scrutiny, decreased confidence by patients and clinical trial collaborators in our investigational medicines, and less demand for any product that we may develop. In addition, responses by U.S., state, or foreign governments to negative public perception may result in new legislation or regulations that could limit our ability to develop any investigational medicines or commercialize any approved products, obtain or maintain regulatory approval, or otherwise achieve profitability. More restrictive statutory regimes, government regulations, or negative public opinion would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects and may delay or impair the development of our investigational medicines and commercialization of any approved products or demand for any products we may develop. 
 Risks Related to Our Plant Health Program 
 Our inability to obtain regulatory approvals, or to comply with ongoing and changing regulatory requirements, could delay or prevent sales of the products we are developing and commercializing. 
 The field testing, manufacture, sale and use of crop protection, plant health and plant nutrition products are extensively regulated by the EPA and other state, local and foreign governmental authorities. These regulations substantially increase the time and cost associated with bringing our products to market. If we do not receive the necessary governmental approvals to test, manufacture and market our products, or if regulatory authorities revoke our approvals, do not grant approvals in a timely manner or grant approvals subject to restrictions on their use, we may be unable to sell our products in the United States or other jurisdictions, which could result in a reduction in our future revenues. 
 As we introduce new formulations of and applications for our products, we may need to seek EPA approval prior to commercial sale. For any such approval, the EPA may require us to fulfill certain conditions within a specified period of time following initial approval. We will also be required to obtain regulatory approval from other state and foreign regulatory authorities before we market our products in their jurisdictions, some of which have taken, and may take, longer than anticipated. 
 Some of these states and foreign countries may apply different criteria than the EPA in their approval processes. Although federal pesticide law preempts separate state and local pesticide registration requirements to some extent, state and local governments retain authority to control pesticide use within their borders. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain regulatory approval for marketing any of our products or new product formulations and applications we are developing. Although the EPA has in place a registration procedure for biopesticides there can be no assurance that all of our products or product extensions will be eligible for this streamlined procedure or that additional requirements will not be mandated by the EPA that could make the procedure more time consuming and costly for our future products. 
 Additionally, for certain state registration and registration in jurisdictions outside of the United States, all products need to be proven efficacious for each proposed crop-pest combination, which can require costly field trial testing, and a favorable result is not assured. Because many of the products that may be sold by us must be registered with one or more government agencies, the registration process can be time consuming and expensive, and there is no guarantee that the product will obtain all required registrations. We may seek registration in some jurisdictions and not in others. California is one of the largest and most important 
 65 

producers of agricultural products in the world. As such, we view California as one of the most natural and attractive markets for our products, but it is also very stringent in its regulations, generally requiring more time and effort, and lacking legally mandated deadlines for its reviews of reduced-risk biopesticides. Therefore, gaining concurrent approvals with the EPA, other states and other countries may not always be achievable. Even if we obtain all necessary regulatory approvals to market and sell our products, they will be subject to continuing review and extensive regulatory requirements, including periodic re-registrations. The EPA, as well as state and foreign regulatory authorities, could withdraw a previously approved product from the market upon receipt of newly discovered information, including an inability to comply with their regulatory requirements or the occurrence of unanticipated problems with our products, or for other reasons. 
 If our field trials are unsuccessful, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval of, or commercialize, our products on a timely basis. 
 The successful completion of multiple field trials in various climates around the world and on various crops is critical to the success of our product development and marketing efforts. If our ongoing or future field trials are unsuccessful or produce inconsistent results or unanticipated adverse side effects on crops or on non-target organisms, or if we are unable to collect reliable data, regulatory approval of our products could be delayed, or we may be unable to commercialize our products. In addition, more than one growing or treatment season may be required to collect sufficient data and we may need to collect data from different geographies to prove performance for customer adoption. Although we have conducted many successful field trials we cannot be certain that additional field trials conducted on a greater number of acres, or on crops for which we have not yet conducted field trials, will be successful. Moreover, the results of our ongoing and future field trials are subject to a number of conditions beyond our control, including weather-related events such as drought or floods, severe heat or frost, hail, tornadoes and hurricanes, or low or no natural occurrence of the pests intended for testing. Generally, we pay third parties, such as growers, consultants and universities to conduct field tests on our behalf. Incompatible crop treatment practices or misapplication of our products by these third parties or lack of sufficient occurrence of the identified pests in nature for a particular trial could impair the success of our field trials. 
 Crop protection products must be extensively tested for safety, efficacy and environmental impact before they can be registered for production, use, sale or commercialization in a given market. 
 The regulatory approvals process is lengthy, costly, complex and in some markets unpredictable, with requirements that can vary by product, technology, industry and country. The regulatory approvals process for products that incorporate novel modes of action or new technologies can be particularly unpredictable and uncertain due to the then-current state of regulatory guidelines and objectives, as well as governmental policy considerations and non-governmental organization and other stakeholder considerations. In certain jurisdictions, we will need to periodically renew any regulatory approvals which may require us to demonstrate compliance with shifting or more stringent requirements as time passes. 
 The markets for biological agricultural products are intensely competitive, rapidly changing and undergoing consolidation. We may be unable to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, which may result in price reductions, reduced margins and the inability to achieve market acceptance for our products. 
 Many entities with significantly greater resources than us are engaged in developing biological agricultural products, including BASF SE, Valent BioSciences Corporation, Corteva Agriscience, UPL Limited, and FMC Corporation. Each of these competitors is a major multinational agrichemical company with longer operating histories, significantly greater resources, greater brand recognition, established global sales channels and a larger base of customers than we have. As a result, they may be able to devote greater resources to the manufacture, promotion or sale of their products, receive greater resources and support from independent distributors, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, offer full-line discounts we cannot match, or more readily take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities. Further, many of the large agrichemical companies have a more diversified product offering, which may give these companies an advantage in meeting customers needs by enabling them to offer a broader range of crop protection, plant nutrition and plant health products. In addition, we could face competition in the future from new, well-financed start-up companies. 
 Customers in the agricultural sector tend to be loyal to major brands and distributors and are generally cautious in adopting new products and technologies, making the barriers to entry high in this market. If new products or technologies fail to achieve immediate results, they may never achieve significant customer adoption and, even if immediate and positive results are achieved, adoption may take several growing seasons as multi-year purchasing agreements expire and product-specific equipment is replaced. 
 Products incorporating biotechnology-derived traits and crop protection products must be extensively tested for safety, efficacy and environmental impact before they can be registered for production, use, sale or commercialization in a given market. 
 66 

In certain jurisdictions, we must periodically renew our approvals for both biotechnology and crop protection products, which typically require us to demonstrate compliance with then-current standards which generally are more stringent since the prior registration. The regulatory approvals process is lengthy, costly, complex and in some markets unpredictable, with requirements that can vary by product, technology, industry and country. The regulatory approvals process for products that incorporate novel modes of action or new technologies can be particularly unpredictable and uncertain due to the then-current state of regulatory guidelines and objectives, as well as governmental policy considerations and non-governmental organization and other stakeholder considerations. 
 Changes in the regulatory environment could adversely impact our ability to produce and/or sell certain products in domestic and foreign markets or could increase the cost of doing so. 
 Changes in the regulatory environment, particularly in the U.S., Brazil, China, India, Argentina and the European Union, could adversely impact our ability to produce and/or sell certain products in domestic and foreign markets or could increase the cost of doing so. Additionally, changes to the regulatory environment may be influenced by non-government public pressure as a result of negative perception regarding the use of our crop protection products. We are sensitive to this regulatory risk given the need to obtain and maintain pesticide registrations in every country in which we sell our products. Many countries require re-registration of pesticides to meet new and more challenging requirements; while we defend our products vigorously, these re-registration processes may result in significant additional data costs, reduced number of permitted product uses, or potential product cancellation. Compliance with changing laws and regulations may involve significant costs or capital expenditures or require changes in business practice that could result in reduced profitability. In the European Union, the regulatory risk specifically includes the chemicals regulation known as REACH (Registration, Evaluation, and Authorization of Chemicals), which requires manufacturers to verify through a special registration system that their chemicals can be marketed safely, as well as Regulation (EC) No 1107/2009, governing plant protection products, which sets forth rules for the authorization, sale, use, and control of plant protection products. 
 Customers have historically perceived biological agricultural products as more expensive and less effective than conventional products. To succeed, we will need to continue to change that perception. To the extent that the market for biological agricultural products does not further develop or customers elect to continue to purchase and rely on conventional chemical products, our market opportunity will be limited. 
 Any decline in U.S. agricultural production could have a material adverse effect on the market for biopesticides and on our results of operations and financial position. 
 Conditions in the U.S. agricultural industry will significantly impact demand for our products. The U.S. agricultural industry has contracted in recent periods, and can be affected by a number of factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected grain inventories and prices, domestic and international demand for U.S. agricultural products and U.S. and foreign policies regarding trade in agricultural products. State and federal governmental policies, including farm subsidies and commodity support programs, as well as the prices of fertilizer products and the prices at which produce may be sold, may also directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the mix of crops planted and the use of pesticides for particular agricultural applications. 
 Sales of our plant health products will depend upon weather conditions, seasonal variation and other factors. 
 We expect to commercially launch Calantha TM , our RNAi Colorado potato beetle product in 2023, assuming we are able to obtain EPA and state approvals according to our current plans, which assumes EPA approval by or before the first half of 2023. If and when we do begin selling our product to farmers, our sales will be subject to weather conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly quarterly and annually. 
 Weather conditions, natural disasters and other factors affect planting and growing seasons and incidence of pests and plant disease, and accordingly affect decisions by our distributors, direct customers and end users about the types and amounts of pest management and plant health products to purchase and the timing of use of such products. In addition, disruptions that cause delays by growers in harvesting or planting can result in the movement of orders to a future quarter, which would negatively affect the quarter and cause fluctuations in our operating results. Customers also may purchase large quantities of our products in a particular quarter to store and use over long periods of time or time their purchases to manage their inventories, which may cause significant fluctuations in our operating results for a particular quarter or year. 
 67 

Our activities are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign governmental regulations. These regulations may prevent us or our collaborators from developing or commercializing products in a timely manner or under technically or commercially feasible conditions and may impose expenses, delays and other impediments to our product development and registration efforts. 
 In the United States, the EPA regulates our bio-based pest management products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act FFDCA ), the Food Quality Protection Act FQPA and the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act FIFRA ). In addition, some of our plant health products are regulated as fertilizers, auxiliary plant substances, soil amendments, beneficial substances and/or biostimulants in each of the fifty states. 
 In general, FIFRA prohibits the sale or distribution of any pesticide, a product category that includes the insecticides, fungicides, and acaricides we are developing, unless that pesticide is registered with the EPA. To register a pesticide with the EPA, the applicant must demonstrate that the product will not cause unreasonable adverse effects on human health or the environment. These adverse effects include any unreasonable risk to man or the environment, taking into account the economic, social, and environmental costs and benefits of the use of the pesticide, as well as any human dietary risk from residues that result from use of the pesticide in or on any food consistent with the FFDCA. In the course of its evaluation of a pesticide, EPA assesses the impact that a pesticide may have on endangered species and non-target organisms. 
 In order to commercialize a product for the U.S. agricultural market, we must complete specified toxicology studies, submit a registration dossier to the EPA demonstrating that the product does not pose unreasonable risks to human health or the environment, respond adequately to any deficiencies identified by the EPA through its risk assessment process and obtain the EPA s approval of our labeling. The EPA must also establish a tolerance level for the product or issue a tolerance exemption. We must separately obtain any applicable state or foreign regulatory approvals. Moreover, because our products contain novel RNA-based active ingredients, there will generally be no previously registered pesticide product containing that active ingredient and, as a result, the use of each of our products will require a new registration under FIFRA and the establishment of a tolerance under Section 408 of the FFDCA or the issuance of a tolerance exemption. 
 We have not previously obtained any EPA approvals for our biopesticides, and it is uncertain whether the EPA will approve any of our products or whether it will place conditions of approval that adversely impact our ability to sell them. Although the EPA has evaluated and approved other companies RNA products before, our products may differ materially from the products that have previously received approval, and the lack of precedent makes it more difficult to predict whether or when the EPA will grant approval or the conditions that it might impose on approval. 
 Even if our biopesticide product candidates are approved by the EPA, as with any pesticide, they would continue to be subject to review by the EPA and state regulatory agencies. The EPA has the authority to revoke the registration or impose limitations on the use of any of our pest management products if we do not comply with the regulatory requirements, if unexpected problems occur with a product or if the EPA receives other newly discovered adverse information. Our inability to obtain regulatory approvals, or to comply with ongoing and changing regulatory requirements, could delay or prevent sales of the products we are developing and commercializing. 
 Inadequate funding, staffing or shutdowns of the government agencies that regulate us could prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 Our research and development activities are also subject to federal, state and local worker safety, air pollution, water pollution and solid and hazardous waste regulatory programs, ongoing compliance requirements, permitting requirements, and periodic inspection. Any significant noncompliance could impact our ability to operate. In addition, any future expansion of our manufacturing capabilities may require additional or expanded permitting, and such permitting requirements may impede or prevent our ability to operate. 
 Our agricultural products may fail to meet the criteria for desirable certifications such as non-GMO or organic and may cause the plants or products to which they are applied also to lose these certifications, reducing the addressable market for and value of our products. 
 The use of products created through synthetic biology processes is generally prohibited in organic food supply chains and the U.S. Department of Agriculture and similar regulators outside the U.S. will not permit an organic certification unless the supply chain from field to table is free of such products. We do not currently expect any of our agricultural products to qualify for organic certifications, which will keep us from selling into a market with potentially higher returns and which will limit the size of the addressable market for which our products can be used. In addition, the standards associated with certifications such as 
 68 

non-GMO and organic can differ significantly between countries and jurisdictions within countries (such as states and cities) and, even when these standards are clearly established, the application of the standards for certification may differ depending on the third-party organizations conducting verification. 
 Genetically modified products are currently subject to public debate and heightened regulatory scrutiny, either of which could prevent or delay the adoption of our products. Claims that genetically modified products are unsafe or pose a danger to the environment may influence public attitudes and lead to our product not gaining public acceptance. The subject of genetically modified organisms has received negative publicity in the United States and particularly in Europe, and such publicity has aroused public debate. The adverse publicity in Europe could lead to greater regulation and trade restrictions. 
 
 We may have product liability claims if our agricultural products damage individuals or property and may need to recall items which do or could cause such damage. 
 Our agricultural products are intended to be used to improve yield in the human food supply chain. If our products are used for an application they are not intended for, become adulterated or mislabeled we may need to recall such products. A widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. We could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us. A significant product recall or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in our products, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and the value of our brands. 
 Risks Related to our Animal Health Program 
 We currently have one animal health product which is intended to control the Varroa destructor mite, a honeybee parasite; however, the honeybee ecosystem is complex and it difficult to measure the overall efficacy of this product since there are multiple factors other than Varroa mites contributing to the decline in honeybee populations. 
 The one animal health product in our product pipeline, which we call GS15, is intended to support the health of honeybees by using dsRNA to discourage the spread of the Varroa destructor mite, a honeybee parasite. A multitude of stressors can contribute to declines in honeybee health, making it difficult to determine whether or the degree to which GS15 benefits honeybees and, by implication, beekeepers. Other factors that impact honeybee health include pesticides, environmental stressors, inadequate nutrition, parasites, pathogens, and poor management practices. No one factor has been identified as the primary cause of honeybee health decline or bee colony collapse, including the Varroa destructor mite parasite which GS15 is designed to control. Determining dominating stressors to honeybee health is challenging to characterize and pinpoint. To complicate matters, many of the factors contributing to honeybee health decline interact, making it difficult in some circumstances to identify dominant factors. Unless we are able to develop clear correlations between GS15 use and specific successful outcomes in beehives, GS15 (assuming it obtains regularly approval) may not have strong or any commercial prospects. 
 Delivering the active ingredient in our bee health product effectively to Varroa mites is challenging. 
 Until we complete our field trials, it is unclear whether we will be able to deliver our product first to bees and, through bees, to Varroa mites, in a manner that will effectively impede mite function. Challenges in active ingredient delivery may interfere with the effectiveness of our product. 
 When testing our Varroa mite product under the high-dose conditions commonly required by the EPA for pesticide approval, we have observed a dose response in bees and an increase in bee mortality. 
 Although our product is intended to impact Varroa mites and not bees, it may have unanticipated impacts on bee health. The EPA typically seeks a 10x dose safety factor in order to approve a product for commercial use. We tested our product at this concentration and observed significant bee mortality. At the concentrations we would expect under normal conditions, however, our recent field trials demonstrated no negative effects. Our most recent data indicates that bee mortality at the 10x dose safety factor likely results from the extremely high viscosity of RNA when administered at that concentration, which prevents bees from feeding. If there is a significant relationship between our product and bee mortality, that relationship may undercut our product s intended function of protecting bees and may impair our ability to obtain regulatory approval of our product. 
 69 

The EPA will evaluate our Varroa mite product without a precedent product, which may result in the need to conduct additional field trials and lengthen the regulatory review period. If we cannot reduce bee mortality experienced in high-dose safety factor testing, the EPA may not approve our product or may impose labeling requirements that materially limit the commercial attractiveness of the product. 
 Our Varroa mite product is subject to EPA approval under FIFRA. Although the EPA has evaluated and approved RNA products before, our product may differ materially from previously approved products. After we perform our planned field trials and studies, the EPA may request further studies and data to effectively evaluate and approve our product. We anticipate that this process will require additional time to complete and may delay regulatory approval and commercialization. Moreover, other markets, such as those in the European Union, may require additional data or information prior to granting approval, and they may impose more stringent conditions on any approval. 
 One challenge we face in securing EPA approval for our Varroa mite product is that EPA typically seeks to ensure that a product does not cause adverse effects even when administered at a dose equal to ten times the dose that bees and other organisms would likely receive in typical use. Ordinarily, pesticides are applied at high doses in the field to account for anticipated losses to the environment resulting from degradation, runoff and other factors, and these losses are anticipated to reach as high as 95 . As a result, in a conventional field application scenario, organisms are generally expected to receive the actual field use rate, even when the product is applied at ten times that rate. When we tested our Varroa mite product in the laboratory at the required level of ten times the field use rate, the higher concentration of the product caused the treated bee food to become highly viscous, which limited consumption and resulted in bee starvation. We did not observe these adverse effects either when our product was administered at the field use rate or when our product was administered at the high-dose rate in the field. Because our product is delivered in a ready-to-use formulation through a pre-measured pouch delivery system, rather than through conventional spraying, we do not believe that our product presents a material risk that bees will be exposed to concentrations greater than the field use rate. We are negotiating with the EPA to modify its customary 10x safety factor protocol for both bees and non-target organisms to account for differences between the delivery system for our product and traditional field application methods. We may not be successful in these negotiations, and extended negotiations, even if ultimately successful, could delay regulatory approval and commercial introduction of the product. If the EPA does not modify its safety factor protocol for our Varroa mite product, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval to commercialize the product in the United States, which would limit our growth opportunities. Even if the product receives EPA approval, it may receive labeling with warnings of potentially harmful effects on bees or other organisms, which would materially limit the commercial attractiveness of the product to potential customers. 
 We purchased some of the intellectual property related to our RNA honeybee product from Bayer Crop Science, a subsidiary of Bayer, which now owns Monsanto. It is well known that Monsanto has had significant pushback from environmental groups regarding its technology and practices, and our product may be hard to market since it was purchased from Bayer. 
 Despite rigorous testing during the pre-commercialization phase, if GS15 comes to market, there may be opponents of our RNA technology or synthetic biology generally who raise concerns about the potential for adverse effects of our products on human or animal health, plants and the environment. Because GS15 in part originated with Monsanto, the many negative public perceptions associated with Monsanto could impair our ability to bring GS15 to market and can affect the timing of, and whether we are able to obtain, government approvals for our products. 
 Even after approvals are granted for GS15, public concern may lead to increased regulation or legislation or litigation against government regulators concerning prior regulatory approvals, which could affect our sales and results of operations, and which may adversely affect sales of GS15 to beekeepers, including due to their concerns about available markets for the sale of crops or other products including those derived from biotechnology. Genetically modified products are currently subject to public debate and heightened regulatory scrutiny, either of which could prevent or delay the adoption of GS15. Claims that genetically modified products are unsafe or pose a danger to the environment may influence public attitudes and lead to our product not gaining public acceptance. The subject of genetically modified organisms has received negative publicity in the United States and particularly in Europe, and such publicity has aroused public debate. The adverse publicity in Europe could lead to greater regulation and trade restrictions. 
 In addition, opponents of agricultural synthetic biology have attacked facilities used by agricultural biotechnology companies, and may launch future attacks against beekeepers hives and our field testing sites and research, production, or other facilities, which could affect our sales and our costs. 
 70 

The research and development process for GS15 is expensive with little immediate return, and the field trials associated with honeybees in general are susceptible to circumstances outside of our control. 
 Although our field trial operators are under agreement not to extract honey from their hives during field trials, there is the risk that honey could be extracted impermissibly and find their way into the commercial market thereby impairing our ability to meet regulatory requirements or obtain regulatory approval. 
 Furthermore, beekeepers tend to be migratory as they serve the needs of seasonal crops and the environments in which the hives are placed can vary. These variables introduce the risk that hives could be damaged or otherwise compromised so as to require their removal from the field trials or field trial results which make it difficult for us to accurately measure the effects of GS15. 
 Beekeeping practices and results also vary and are subject to factors outside of our control. For example, the overall health and productivity of a beehive is dependent on the queen, how she is mated, how well the nurse bees are taking care of her and larvae, and how well forager bees are able to bring back food to the hive. One hive may have bees that go north and a hive right next to it may have bees that go south to look for food, which causes variability in food sources and potentially in test results. This variability in testing can make it difficult or impossible for us to accurately isolate the effects of GS15 which may in turn increase the cost of field testing, the length and likelihood of regulatory approval and the commercial viability of the GS15 product. 
 Our GS15 product is intended to be used in commercial beehives and used in a fashion which will expose the product only to bees and the Varroa destructor mite. If GS15 is used inappropriately and is consumed by invertebrates other than the Varroa destructor mite, it could be harmful to those invertebrates. 
 According to a September 2020 report published by the Environmental Directorate of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD entitled Considerations for the Environmental Risk Assessment of the Application of Sprayed or Externally Applied ds-RNA-Based Pesticides , there is a long-established view that dietary intake of nucleic acids, including dsRNAs from plant viruses, does not present a health risk to humans and other vertebrates, and, as a result, the adoption of RNAi technology in agriculture is likely to present a lower human health risk than the use of conventional pesticides. Notwithstanding this history of safe consumption in vertebrates like humans, our GS15 product negatively impacts ladybugs and could also negatively impact other invertebrates if our use instructions are ignored and the invertebrates gain access to and consume the GS15 product. Moreover the honey from hives using GS15 may have trace elements of GS15 which could have the potential to be harmful to invertebrates consuming that honey in extreme circumstances. 
 It may be difficult to convince beekeepers to adopt our product, and to use it in the way prescribed for maximum effect. 
 Although we foresee that our product will be effective in controlling mites that impact bees, beekeepers may ultimately perceive shortcomings in treatment efficacy. This may result in reduced demand for our product or the selection of other treatment options. 
 Additionally, we will not be able to control how beekeepers will ultimately use our product, and misuse may result in reduced product efficacy, and thus reduced demand. For example, if beekeepers were to dilute our product formulation before application, the diluted product might leave hives subject to microbial contamination and allow microbes to consume our product, impeding its ability to affect mite function. 
 GS15 is susceptible to purity risks associated with scaling up manufacturing and we are also developing our own process for manufacturing our product at scale. 
 Commercial production of our product candidates will involve quantities several orders of magnitude higher than our current level of production. We may face challenges producing a product that meets applicable purity specifications at that scale, and may encounter other issues related to scaled up manufacturing. 
 While Bayer Crop Science (from which we obtained some intellectual property for the product) had its own proprietary methods for manufacturing, we did not license these methods, and we are developing our own methods of manufacturing GS15. We are currently developing a way to make this product with our cell-free platform so that it is economical to produce. Uncertainties related to this platform may ultimately limit our ability to produce the product. 
 71 

Our product may require approval from other federal and state regulatory bodies. 
 As discussed above, state regulatory approvals may also be required for our product, which may delay commercialization. In addition, the EPA may not be the only federal agency with jurisdiction over products designed to eliminate honeybee pests. In 2017, the FDA, EPA, and USDA released a document entitled Modernizing the Regulatory System for Biotechnology Products: Final Version of the 2017 Update to the Coordinated Framework for the Regulation of Biotechnology. That document outlines the role that the three agencies have in biotechnology approvals. While it is clear that EPA has jurisdiction over pesticide and insecticide products pursuant to FIFRA, USDA also asserts jurisdiction over honeybees in some circumstances. As a result, we may need USDA evaluation and approval of our product, in addition to other unanticipated regulatory approvals. These additional approvals may delay commercialization. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our products, platform, methods, and technology, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our products may be impaired. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. We rely on a combination of patent, trade secret and trademark laws, and nondisclosure, confidentiality and other contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology. However, these legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. If we fail to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us and our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, we may incur substantial costs related to litigation or other patent proceedings in our attempts to recover or restrict use of our intellectual property. 
 To the extent that our intellectual property offers inadequate protection, or is found to be invalid or unenforceable, we would be exposed to a greater risk of direct competition. If our intellectual property does not provide adequate coverage of our competitors products and methods, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Both the patent application process and the process of managing patent and other intellectual property disputes are generally unpredictable, time-consuming and expensive. 
 Our success depends in large part on our own and any future licensor s ability to obtain and maintain protection of the intellectual property we may own or license, whether solely or jointly, particularly patents, in the United States and other countries with respect to our products, platform, methods, and technologies. We apply for patents to protect our products, platform, methods, technologies and commercial activities, as we deem appropriate. However, obtaining and enforcing patents is costly, time-consuming and complex, and we may fail to apply for patents on important products, methods, and technologies in a timely fashion or at all, or we may fail to apply for patents in potentially relevant jurisdictions. Moreover, we may fail to obtain issuance of any of the patent applications that we do file. Publications of discoveries in scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent applications, or whether we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. 
 We may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications, or maintain, enforce and license any patents that may issue from such patent applications, at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner or in all jurisdictions. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, we may not develop additional proprietary products, methods and technologies that are patentable. Even if we believe an innovation to be patentable and file patent applications, the United States Patent Office USPTO and other patent offices may not find our innovations to be patentable and may refuse to grant patent rights. We may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the rights to patents which may be licensed from or to third parties or held jointly with third parties. In connection with any future licensing arrangements with third parties, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced by such third parties in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. We currently own and may in the future own patents, patent applications, and other intellectual property jointly with third parties. In certain jurisdictions, including in the United States, joint owners of a patent are free to license rights under the patent to third parties without any compensation to or permission from co-owners. If we are unable to negotiate licenses on commercially reasonable terms with co-owners of patents, in order to exclusively control commercial licensing or commercial use of our co-owned patents or if agreements allowing us such control are found unenforceable, then co-owners may be able to license to our competitors and other third parties without our permission and without compensation to us. Failure to control 
 72 

exclusive rights under intellectual property as discussed above may have an adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to enforce our intellectual property or defend against third-party claims of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property which could be expensive, time consuming, and unsuccessful and may prevent or delay development and commercialization efforts, and could harm our competitive position and business prospects. 
 Litigation may be necessary for us to enforce our patent and proprietary rights, defend against intellectual property claims brought by third parties and/or determine the scope, coverage and validity of third parties intellectual property rights. Litigation on these matters has been prevalent in our industries and we expect that this will continue. To determine the priority of inventions, we may have to initiate and participate in interference proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office that could result in substantial legal fees and could substantially affect the scope of our patent protection. Also, our intellectual property may be subject to significant litigation and administrative proceedings such as invalidity, unenforceability, IPR, re-examination, opposition, or other post-grant proceedings against our patents. The outcome of any litigation or other proceeding is inherently uncertain and might not be favorable to us and we might not be able to obtain licenses to technology that we require or a competitor may have already obtained an exclusive license to such technology in the relevant fields. Even if such licenses are obtainable, they may not be available at a reasonable cost. We could therefore incur substantial costs related to royalty payments for licenses obtained from third parties, which could negatively affect our competitive position, business, financial condition, or results of operations and/or make it unfeasible to commercialize a given product. In some cases, the outcome of litigation may be to enjoin us from commercializing or using a technology protected by third-party intellectual property. We could encounter delays in product introductions, or interruptions in product sales, as we develop alternative methods or products or we may need to cease sales of a product altogether if we are unable to develop alternatives that avoid the relevant third-party intellectual property. 
 If we resort to legal proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity, scope and coverage of the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others, the proceedings could be burdensome, time-consuming, and expensive, even if we were to prevail. Moreover, it may not be possible for us to enforce jointly owned patents in the U.S. or other jurisdictions without the cooperation of other owners. 
 Our commercial success may depend in part on our non-infringement of the patents or proprietary rights of third parties and/or the invalidity or unenforceability of such patent or proprietary rights of others. Numerous significant intellectual property issues have been litigated, and will likely continue to be litigated, between or among existing and new participants in our relevant markets and competitors may assert that our products or methods infringe their intellectual property rights as part of a business strategy to impede the successful entry into or continued presence in those markets. Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. For example, numerous third-party patents exist in fields relevant to the Company s business and planned products, such as biologics, mRNA vaccines and therapies, and RNA interference RNAi for crop protection. Our competitors and others have patents and may in the future obtain patents and may claim that use, manufacture, sale, or importation of our products infringe these patents. Moreover, as we move into new markets and applications for our technologies, incumbent participants in such markets may assert their patents and other proprietary rights against us as a means of slowing or preventing our entry into such markets, or as a means to extract substantial license and royalty payments from us. 
 We have received notice in the past that our proposed products or methods may require an intellectual property license from others in order to be developed, produced, used, or sold. In each instance, we have reviewed the underlying intellectual property and either negotiated for a license or determined that no license was necessary. For future notices, if we are unable to successfully negotiate licenses or determine that no license is necessary, we may be unable to bring impacted products to market. Moreover, allegations that we violate third-party intellectual property could lead to disputes, including litigation. 
 The outcome of litigation is uncertain and even if we believe that we do not violate asserted third-party intellectual property or that such intellectual property is invalid or unenforceable or otherwise not legally protectable, our defense may be unsuccessful. If a court were to find that we have violated the intellectual property rights of a third party, an injunction and/or an award of damages may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Remedies for intellectual property infringement or misappropriation may include an injunction against future sales of products or use of methods, statutory damages, enhanced damages, punitive damages, attorney s fees, an award of lost profits and/or a reasonable royalty and prejudgment interest. Damages may in some cases exceed our own profits on sales found to be infringing. Even if we are successful in defending claims, defending intellectual property litigation, particularly patent or trade secret litigation, can be prohibitively burdensome and expensive. 
 73 

We may be required in the future to license patent rights from third-party owners in order to develop or continue to sell or use a product or method. If we cannot obtain such licenses, or if such owners do not properly maintain or enforce the patents underlying such licenses, our competitive position and business prospects will be harmed. 
 We develop products, platform, and methods in technological areas and industries that are critical to public health and agriculture areas in which there is considerable competition. A third-party may hold intellectual property rights, including patent rights and trade secrets that are important or necessary to the development, manufacture, or commercialization of our current or future product candidates. It may be necessary for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of one or more third parties to manufacture or commercialize our product candidates, in which case we would be required to obtain a license from these third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or our business could be harmed. If any such patents were to be asserted against us, there is no assurance that a court would find in our favor or that, if we choose to or are required to seek a license, that a license to any of these patents would be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 To the extent that we enter into any patent licenses with third parties, if such third parties fail to properly maintain the licensed patents or if those patents are found to be invalid or unenforceable, then we could be subject to additional competition due to the loss of exclusive or non-exclusive rights. 
 Defending and protecting intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions is costly and sometimes prohibitively expensive. 
 Obtaining patent protection in every country is prohibitively expensive and, as we attempt to choose jurisdictions for intellectual property protection, we may fail to protect our intellectual property in relevant jurisdictions where we do business, and thereby cause a loss of revenue and profits or other impacts on our ability to manufacture and export our products. 
 Competitors may use our proprietary technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to manufacture or develop their own products. Such competitors may export otherwise infringing products, or products made through otherwise infringing methods, to territories where we may have or obtain patent protection, but where patent enforcement is not as strong as in the United States or where no protection is available for products made abroad through methods that infringe a local patent. These products may also compete with our products in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued or licensed patents and any future patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from so competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or trademarks or the misappropriation of our trade secrets generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. 
 Many countries, including India, Japan, China, and some European nations have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified circumstances (including a matter of public policy) to grant licenses to third parties. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third-party, which could diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 The United States has the absolute right to manufacture and use patented inventions and to allow others to manufacture and use patent inventions for the United States, for reasonable compensation. 
 Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1498, the United States government has the absolute right to use or manufacture any patented inventions for reasonable compensation. No injunction of patent infringement is available against the United States and damages are limited to reasonable compensation only. Moreover, a patent owner may not obtain damages or an injunction against a private entity for its infringing use or manufacture for the United States. Such suits may only be brought against the United States and only for reasonable compensation. In the past the United States has relied on such rights to use or manufacture inventions from third parties other than the patentee. In the future, the United States may rely on its rights to infringe our current and future patents or to allow others to make or use our inventions on behalf of the United States. If the United States were to use, or allow others to use for the United States, our patented technology, platform, methods, or products, then we would only be entitled to reasonable compensation and would not be entitled to an injunction to prevent infringement. As with all intellectual property 
 74 

litigation, proceedings against the United States for patent infringement could be burdensome, time-consuming, and expensive. Even if we were to prevail on a patent infringement action against the United States, any remedy would not likely compensate us for the full extent of the financial harm from such infringement due to the limited remedies available against the United States under the law. Such infringement could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 When inventions are developed with government funding, the United States retains a paid-up license to such inventions and may compel us to grant licenses to third parties for little or no compensation. 
 Under 35 U.S.C. 200 et seq. , when inventions arise, even in part, through use of public funds, the United States may retain an irrevocable, paid-up license to practice or have practiced on its behalf, such inventions, whether protected by patent or trade secret. That is, the United States has the absolute right to use, and allow others to use on its behalf, such intellectual property without any compensation to the holder of the intellectual property. We have acquired and developed and may in the future acquire or develop trade secrets or obtain patents on inventions developed, in full or in part, with funding from the United States government. A court could also find that one or more of our current patents or applications are covered by 35 U.S.C. 200 et seq . In such cases, the United States would have the right to use, or allow others to use on its behalf, our inventions, whether protected by patent or trade secret, without any compensation to us. 
 For inventions subject to 35 U.S.C. 200 et seq. , the United States also retains march-in rights. These march-in rights apply in certain situations, including, for example, when action is necessary to alleviate public health or safety needs or when an inventor is not taking reasonable steps to make its technology useful to the public. In such situations, the United States has the right to compel the innovator to grant licenses to third parties. If such a finding were made with respect to our current or future patents or trade secrets, then we may not be able to prevent competitors from practicing our patented inventions and/or may be compelled to license our competitors to practice our inventions for little or no monetary compensation. Any of the foregoing events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. 
 We currently rely, and intend to rely in the future, on trade secrets, know-how and technology that are not protected by patents to maintain our competitive position. In order to protect our proprietary technology and processes, we also rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our collaborators, employees, consultants, and sponsored researchers and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. These agreements may be found by a court to be unenforceable or invalid. We may fail to enforce our agreements in Court if we are compelled to present them as evidence but are unable to locate and provide copies. Moreover, when employees with knowledge of our trade secrets and confidential information leave us and join new employers, it may be difficult or impossible for us to detect or prove misappropriation of our confidential information and trade secrets by the former employee and/or the former employee s new employer. In addition, others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases, we could not assert any trade secret rights against such party. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in patent laws or patent jurisprudence could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products and platforms. 
 The patent position of biotechnology, life sciences, and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, European patent law restricts the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body more than United States law does. In another example, some jurisdictions prevent the patenting of certain biotechnology inventions outside of narrow coverage for exact nucleotide sequences. 
 As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology, platform, methods, or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive products. Our issued patents may be found to be invalid or unenforceable in a post grant proceeding before patent offices or in patent litigation before courts in the United States or other countries. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents, narrow the scope of our patent protection, or result in the invalidity or unenforceability of our patents. 
 75 

Various courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have recently rendered decisions that impact the scope of patentability of certain inventions or discoveries relating to our technology and commercial goals. Specifically, these decisions have substantially increased the probability that patent claims will be ruled patent ineligible for reciting a natural phenomenon, law of nature or abstract idea. Furthermore, in view of these decisions, the USPTO has published and continues to publish revised guidelines for patent examiners to apply when examining claims for patent eligibility. Patent claims relating to software algorithms, biologically-derived compositions, methods for analyzing biological systems and other subject matters that underlie our technology and commercial goals are impacted by these changes. 
 On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the Leahy-Smith Act was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act made a number of significant changes to United States patent laws. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and challenged at the USPTO and may also affect patent litigation. The USPTO has developed and continues to develop regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, and in particular, the first to file provisions, became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act, subsequent rulemaking, and judicial interpretation of the Leahy-Smith Act and regulations will have on the operation of our business in the future. The Leahy-Smith Act and its continued implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement and/or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Actions taken by the U.S. Congress, federal courts and USPTO have from time to time narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Similar changes have been made by authorities in other jurisdictions. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to the ability to obtain patents in the future, such changes create uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by authorities in various jurisdictions, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that may have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain new patents and to defend and enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future, harming our business, competitive position, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Patent reform legislation could increase uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement, validity, or defense of our issued patents. There has been recent public discussion around loosening of patent protection for inventions important to addressing the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. Such reforms or similar changes in connection with future pandemics or other public health emergencies, could have an adverse effect on any patent protection on our products and methods. 
 We cannot assure you that our patent portfolio will not be negatively impacted by the current uncertain state of the law, new court rulings or changes in guidance or procedures issued by governments or patent offices around the world. From time to time, the U.S. Supreme Court, other federal courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may change the standards of patentability, scope and validity of patents within the biotechnology, life sciences, and other relevant technologies and any such changes, or any similar adverse changes in the patent laws of other jurisdictions, could have a negative impact on the our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
 Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter parties review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products or use our proprietary methods and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. 
 Our current or future issued patents could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged or could be construed narrowly such that they do not cover our products or methods or those used by our competitors. 
 It is possible that none of our current or future pending patent applications will result in issued patents in a timely fashion or at all. Even if our patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Moreover, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents. Our issued patents may not be construed to cover our own or our competitors products or methods. Our competitors may be able to circumvent or design around our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 76 

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity, in patent claims being narrowed or invalidated, or in patents being held unenforceable which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology, methods, and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology, methods, and products. 
 The inventorship and/or ownership rights for our patents and patent applications may be challenged by third parties. Such challenges could result in invalidation of such patents, the loss of ownership of such patents, or loss of exclusive rights to such patents, which could result in increased competition and could limit or eliminate our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology, methods, and products or require us to obtain a license from third parties on commercially reasonable terms to secure exclusive rights, or our business could be harmed. If any such challenges to inventorship and/or ownership were asserted, there is no assurance that a court would find in our favor or that, if we choose to seek a license, such license would be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after the first non-provisional filing date. In the United States, a patent s term may, in certain cases, be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the USPTO in examining and granting a patent, or in certain cases, by patent term extension for patents covering certain pharmaceutical products requiring regulatory approval. In the United States a patent s term also may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over a commonly owned patent or a patent naming a common inventor and having an earlier expiration date. The life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Therefore, even if patents covering our products and methods are obtained, once the patent life has expired, for our current or future platform, products, methods or technologies, we may be open to competition, including, for example, from biosimilar or generic versions of our products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 The USPTO and European and other patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In addition, periodic maintenance, renewal and annuity fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and European and other patent agencies over the lifetime of a patent. While an inadvertent failure to make payment of such fees or to comply with such provisions can in many cases be cured by additional payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which such noncompliance will result in the abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, and the partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents within prescribed time limits. If we or our licensors fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering our platform, technology, methods, or products or if we or our licensors otherwise allow patents or patent applications to be abandoned or lapse, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would hurt our competitive position and could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We may become subject to claims for ownership of intellectual property, payment, or royalties for assigned invention rights by our employees, contractors, and collaborators, which could result in litigation and adversely affect our business. 
 We may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in, or right to compensation, with respect to our current patent and patent applications, future patents and patent applications, or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, we may have inventorship or ownership disputes from consultants, former employees, or others who are involved in developing a product for us. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership or claiming the right to compensation. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as ownership of, exclusive ownership of, or the right to use and/or exclude others from using, valuable intellectual property. Such an outcome could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Even if we are 
 77 

successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 We generally enter into assignment-of-invention agreements with our employees pursuant to which such individuals assign to us all rights to any inventions created in the scope of their employment or engagement with us. If compelled to provide copies of relevant agreements as evidence of such arrangements, we may not be able to locate and provide copies of such agreements and may therefore be unable to assert such agreements. Moreover, such agreements could be found to be invalid or unenforceable. Although our employees have agreed to assign to us invention rights and have specifically waived their right to receive any special remuneration for such assignment beyond their regular salary and benefits, we may face claims demanding ownership of inventions or remuneration in consideration for assigned inventions. 
 We may not be able to protect and enforce our trademarks and trade names, or build name recognition in our markets of interest or may be subject to claims of trademark infringement thereby harming our competitive position. 
 We have filed, and may continue in the future to file trademark applications to protect certain of our intellectual property; however, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in registering our trademarks. Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, lapsed or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need in order to build name recognition. In addition, third parties have filed, and may in the future file, for registration of trademarks that may impede our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. Third parties have identified potential conflicts between their marks and our marks that may arise in the future. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our trademarks or trade names. Such claims may require us to cease use of our trademarks or change our company or product names. Further, we may in the future enter into agreements with owners of such third-party trade names or trademarks to avoid potential trademark litigation which may limit our ability to use our trade names or trademarks in certain fields or territories. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, domain names, or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Any of the foregoing events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: 
 Others may be able to develop or make products, platform, methods or technology that are similar to products, platform, methods or technology we have developed or will develop, but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or have licensed and are not protectable through trade secret law. 

We or our licensors or strategic partners might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we own or have exclusively licensed, and therefore our patents may be found to be invalid or our patent applications may be rejected. 

We or our licensors or strategic partners might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions, and therefore our patents may be found to be invalid or our patent applications may be rejected. 

Others may independently develop or make similar or alternative products, platform, methods or technology or duplicate any of our products, platform, methods or technology without infringing our intellectual property rights. For example, independent development of such products, platform, methods or technology would make it impossible for us to assert trade secret rights against such third parties. If such third parties publish the details of such independently developed products, platform, methods or technology, then we could lose any trade secret protection even as against others. 

It is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents. 

Issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors. 

78 

Our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets. 

Our competitors may use our manufacturing methods to produce products in jurisdictions in which we do not have patent protection on our manufacturing methods and may export such products for sale in other jurisdictions, including our major commercial markets for us. Patents on such methods in our major commercial markets may not protect against such product sales. 

We may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable or protectable through other intellectual property rights. 

The intellectual property rights of others may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Should any of these events occur, they could significantly harm our business, competitive position, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 An active trading market for our Common Stock may never develop or be sustained. 
 We cannot assure you that an active trading market for the Common Stock will develop on the Nasdaq or elsewhere. If an active trading market does not develop, or develops but is not maintained, you may have difficulty selling any shares of our Common Stock due to the limited public float. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of your ability to sell your shares of our Common Stock when desired or the prices that you may obtain for your shares. 
 The market price of our Common Stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 The market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including: 
 the need to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates; 

the risk that clinical trials will not demonstrate that our therapeutic product candidates are safe and effective; 

the risk that our product candidates will have adverse side effects or other unintended consequences, which could impair their marketability; 

the risk that our product candidates do not satisfy other legal and regulatory requirements for marketability in one or more jurisdictions; 

the risks of enhanced regulatory scrutiny of RNA-based products, including mRNA and dsRNA; 

the potential inability to achieve our goals regarding scalability, affordability and speed of commercialization of our product candidates; 

the anticipated need for additional capital to achieve our business goals; 

changes in the industries in which we operate; changes in laws and regulations affecting our business, 

the potential inability to implement or achieve business plans, forecasts, and other expectations after the completion of the proposed transaction; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, including fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results; 

operating expenses being more than anticipated; 

the failure or discontinuation of any of our product development and research programs; 

the success of existing or new competitive businesses or technologies; 

announcements about new research programs or products of our competitors; 

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

litigation and governmental investigations involving us, our industry or both; 

79 

investor perceptions of us or our industry; 

negative perceptions of publicly traded companies that have gone public through business combinations with publicly traded special purpose acquisition companies; 

sales of our Common Stock by us or by our insiders or other stockholders; 

the expiration of market standoff or lock-up agreements; 

general economic, industry and market conditions; and 

the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters or major catastrophic events. 

Recently, stock markets in general, and the market for life sciences technology companies in particular, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations, particularly in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and current macroeconomic conditions. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. These fluctuations may be even more pronounced in the trading market for our Common Stock. Following periods of such volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of the price of our Common Stock, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 
 If we fail to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, our Common Stock may be delisted and the price of our Common Stock and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 
 From February 8, 2023 through March 22, 2023, the bid price of our Common Stock has closed below the 1.00 per share minimum bid price requirement for continued inclusion on Nasdaq. On March 23, 2023, we received a deficiency letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, notifying us that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for our Common Stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Global Market, referred to as the minimum bid price rule. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rules, we have an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until September 19, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule. To date, we have not regained compliance with the minimum bid price rule. If at any time before September 19, 2023, the bid price for our Common Stock closes at 1.00 or more per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department staff will provide written notification to us that we are in compliance with the minimum bid price rule, unless the staff exercises its discretion to extend this 10-day period pursuant to the Nasdaq Listing Rules. If we do not regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule by the required date and we are not eligible for any additional compliance period at that time, the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department staff will provide us written notification that our Common Stock may be delisted. At that time, we may appeal the staff s delisting determination to a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel. We expect that our Common Stock would remain listed pending the panel s decision. However, there can be no assurance that, even if we appeal the staff s delisting determination to the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel, such appeal would be successful. We intend to monitor the closing bid price of our Common Stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule, which could include seeking to effect a reverse stock split. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule. There are many factors that may adversely affect our minimum bid price, including those described throughout this section titled Risk Factors. Many of these factors are outside of our control. As a result, we may not be able to sustain compliance with the minimum bid price rule in the long term. Any potential delisting of our Common Stock from the Nasdaq Global Market would likely result in decreased liquidity and increased volatility for our Common Stock and would adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or to enter into strategic transactions. Any potential delisting of our Common Stock from the Nasdaq Global Market would also make it more difficult for our stockholders to sell our Common Stock in the public market. 
 Pre-revenue biotechnology companies like GreenLight require continuing capital infusion to survive. The capital markets are generally constrained at this point and this is particularly true for biotechnology companies. As a result, we may be unable to obtain continued financing or the financing we do obtain could significantly dilute current shareholders. We believe our stock is significantly undervalued and we therefore represent an attractive acquisition target. If our Board does decide to make some or all of the Company available for sale, it is obligated to take the interests of multiple stakeholders into account and, if faced with competing offers, may not take the offer that maximizes shareholder return. 
 80 

The exercise of registration rights may adversely affect the market price of the our Common Stock. 
 Certain of our stockholders have registration rights for certain securities. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements for the PIPE Financings and the Investor Rights Agreement, we have registered a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock for resale and for issuance upon exercise of the Public Warrants. We are obligated to file one or more resale shelf registration statements to register such securities, use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statements to be declared effective by the SEC within specified periods, and keep such registration statements effective for up to three years thereafter. We are also obligated to file other registration statements, including for underwritten offerings of our Common Stock, in specified circumstances. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock pursuant to these registration statements in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Common Stock . 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about GreenLight, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our securities adversely, the price and trading volume of our securities could decline. 
 The trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, markets or competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on GreenLight. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, our share price and trading volume would likely be negatively impacted. 
 Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading volume of our Common Stock. 
 Securities research analysts may establish and publish their own periodic projections for GreenLight. These projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. The share price of our Common Stock may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these securities research analysts. If any of the analysts who may cover GreenLight issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding GreenLight, our business model, our intellectual property or our stock performance, change their recommendation regarding shares of our Common Stock adversely, provide relatively more favorable recommendations about our competitors or if the clinical trials and operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the price of shares of our Common Stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of GreenLight or fails to publish reports on GreenLight regularly, the share price or trading volume of our Common Stock could decline. If no analysts commence coverage of GreenLight, the market price and volume for our Common Stock could be adversely affected. 
 We have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from the exercise of outstanding public and private warrants, if any, and may not use them effectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding Public Warrants to purchase 10,244,880 shares of Common Stock and private placement warrants to purchase 2,062,500 shares of Common Stock, in each case for an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The warrants may never be exercised for cash, in which case we will not receive any proceeds from such exercise. Because of this uncertainty, we have no specific plans for the proceeds that we may receive from warrant exercises, if any, and we intend to use any such proceeds for general corporate purposes and working capital, including the funding of our clinical programs. Our management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds. Our management may spend a portion or all of the net proceeds in ways that our stockholders may not desire or that may not yield a favorable return. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from the exercise of such warrants, if any, in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. 
 We do not expect to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. Investors may never obtain a return on their investment. 
 You should not rely on an investment in our Common Stock to provide dividend income. We do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends to holders of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we plan to retain any earnings to maintain and expand our existing operations, fund our research and development programs and continue to invest in our commercial infrastructure. In addition, any future credit facility or financing we obtain may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our Common Stock. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their shares after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any return on their investment. As a result, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our Common Stock. 
 81 

The Charter designates the Delaware Court of Chancery as the exclusive forum for specified disputes between New GreenLight and our stockholders and also provides that the federal district courts are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, each of which could limit the ability of our stockholders to choose the judicial forum for disputes with GreenLight or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our Charter provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (an Alternative Forum Consent ), to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of GreenLight, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of GreenLight to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against GreenLight, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Charter or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against GreenLight, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, subject to specified exceptions. This provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for which claims may be brought in any U.S. federal court, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, the Charter also provides that, unless we give an Alternative Forum Consent, the federal district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. However, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims, and there is uncertainty whether a court would enforce the Charter s choice of forum provision applicable to Securities Act claims. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing charter provisions. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with GreenLight or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims against GreenLight and our current and former directors, officers, or other employees. In addition, a stockholder that is unable to bring a claim in the judicial forum of its choosing may be required to incur additional costs in the pursuit of actions which are subject to the exclusive forum provisions described above. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum provision contained in the Charter to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our Charter and Bylaws might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder without the approval of holders of 66 2 / 3 of the voting power of our stockholders other than the interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our Charter and Bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 Our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms, and directors can only be removed from office for cause by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of our then-outstanding capital stock; 

certain amendments to our Charter will require the approval of stockholders holding three-fourths of the voting power of our then-outstanding capital stock; 

any stockholder-proposed amendment to the Bylaws that is not recommended by the Board will require the approval of stockholders holding three-fourths of the voting power of our then-outstanding capital stock; 

our stockholders are only able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and cannot take action by written consent for any matter; 

vacancies on our board of directors can be filled only by our board of directors and not by stockholders; 

82 

only the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), pursuant to a written resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, is authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders; 

certain litigation against GreenLight can only be brought in Delaware; 

the Charter authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established by the Board, which shares may be issued without the approval of the holders of our capital stock; and 

advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 

These anti-takeover defenses could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of GreenLight. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing or to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock. 
 The ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to numerous limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, GreenLight had U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of 276.2 million and 237.8 million, respectively. If not utilized, the federal NOLs generated before 2018 of approximately 27.1 million will expire at various dates through 2037 and the state NOLs will expire at various dates through 2040. The federal NOLs generated after 2017 of approximately 249.1 million have an indefinite carryforward period. GreenLight may potentially use these U.S. federal and state NOLs to offset against taxable income for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes. However, the use of these NOLs may be subject to numerous limitations under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and under state tax laws. Among such limitations, Section 382 of the Code may limit the use of these NOLs in any year for U.S. federal income tax purposes in the event of certain past or future changes in ownership of GreenLight. An ownership change under Section 382 of the Code, referred to in this discussion as an ownership change, generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of a company s stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. An ownership change in respect of GreenLight also could be deemed to be an ownership change in respect of GreenLight. We have not conducted a Section 382 study to determine whether the use of our NOLs is impaired under Section 382 of the Code as a result of any prior ownership change. GreenLight may have previously undergone one or more ownership changes. In addition, the Business Combination and the PIPE Financings, or future issuances or sales of our stock, including certain transactions involving our stock that are outside of our control, could result in future ownership changes. Ownership changes that have occurred in the past or that may occur in the future, including in connection with the Business Combination and the PIPE Financings, could result in the imposition of an annual limit under Section 382 of the Code on the amount of pre-ownership change NOLs and other tax attributes that GreenLight can use to reduce its taxable income, potentially increasing or accelerating its liability for income taxes, and also potentially causing those tax attributes to expire unused. States may impose similar limitations on the use of applicable NOLs. Any limitation on using NOLs, whether under Section 382 of the Code or otherwise under U.S. federal or state tax laws, could, depending on the extent of such limitation and the NOLs previously used, result in GreenLight retaining less cash after payment of U.S. federal and state income taxes in respect of any year in which GreenLight has taxable income, rather than losses, than GreenLight would be entitled to retain if such NOLs were available as an offset against such income for U.S. federal and state income tax reporting purposes, which could adversely impact GreenLight s operating results. 
 GreenLight is an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company , and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies may make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted by SEC rules to, and plan to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other SEC registered public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act, not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, the information we provide to stockholders will be different than the information that is available with respect to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, not all of the executive compensation-related information that would be required if we were not an emerging growth company has been included. If we were to continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
 83 

after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company, we would continue to be permitted to make certain reduced disclosures in our periodic reports and other documents that we file with the SEC. We expect to cease to qualify as a smaller reporting company before we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company. We cannot predict whether investors will find our Common Stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that have not made or cannot make a similar election. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 We will incur significant increased costs and management resources as a result of operating as a public company. 
 As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, compliance and other expenses that GreenLight did not incur as a private company and that do not appear in our historical consolidated financial statements. These expenses may increase even more after we are no longer an emerging growth company. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time and incur significant expense in connection with compliance initiatives. For example, we will need to implement additional internal controls, both generally and to address the material weaknesses discussed in Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry , and disclosure controls and procedures. As a public company, we will bear all of the internal and external costs of preparing and distributing periodic public reports in compliance with our obligations under the securities laws. 
 In addition, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the related rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, have increased legal and financial compliance costs and will make some compliance activities more time-consuming. For example, Nasdaq imposes requirements to obtain stockholder approval for the issuance of equity securities in a variety of circumstances, and this requirement can limit the financing alternatives available to us and thereby increase the cost of capital, which could reduce shareholder returns. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment will result in increased general and administrative expenses and may divert management s time and attention from our other business activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. In the future, it may be more expensive or more difficult for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 Risks Related to Being a Public Benefit Corporation 
 Although we are a public benefit corporation, we cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our PBC Purpose. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, we became a public benefit corporation under Delaware law, and our public benefit purpose is set forth in the Charter. Our public benefit purpose is to improve the public health and wellbeing of people and the environment by engineering, developing and commercializing biological products that can reduce chemicals in our environment and promote health through delivery of high quality, affordable products that improve outcomes for people and the planet. As a public benefit corporation, we are required to operate in a responsible and sustainable manner, balancing our stockholders pecuniary interests, the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct and our public benefit purpose. When we use the term sustainable, we refer to our efforts to align economic development with environmental protection and human well-being as well as our obligations as a public benefit corporation under 362(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. There is no assurance that we will be able to achieve our public benefit purpose or that the expected positive impact from being a public benefit corporation will be realized, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 84 

As a public benefit corporation, our focus on a specific public benefit purpose and producing a positive effect for society may negatively impact our financial performance. 
 Unlike traditional corporations, whose directors have a fiduciary duty to focus exclusively on maximizing stockholder value, our directors have a fiduciary duty to balance (i) the pecuniary interests of our stockholders, (ii) the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct and (iii) our public benefit purpose, as set forth in the Charter. Therefore, we may take actions that we believe will be in the best interests of those stakeholders materially affected by our public benefit purpose even if those actions do not maximize our financial results. While we intend for this public benefit designation and obligation to provide an overall net benefit to us and our stakeholders, it could instead cause us to make decisions and take actions without seeking to maximize the income generated from our business, and hence available for distribution to our stockholders. Our pursuit of longer-term or non-pecuniary benefits may not materialize within the timeframe we expect or at all, yet may have an immediate negative effect on any amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. Accordingly, being a public benefit corporation could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Also, as a public benefit corporation, because the Board is required by the DGCL to manage or direct our business and affairs in a manner that balances the pecuniary interests of our stockholders, the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct, and our public benefit purpose, we believe that our public benefit corporation status could make it more difficult for another party to obtain control of us without maintaining our public benefit corporation status and purpose. While Delaware common law, as stated in Revlon, Inc. v. MacAndrews Forbes Holdings, Inc. , 506 A.2d 173 (Del. 1986), and related cases, may impose upon directors of a traditional corporation a duty to maximize short-term stockholder value in certain sale of the company transactions, a public benefit corporation board s decision-making would not be subject to those same constraints. Any of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our capital stock, and they could deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you would receive a premium for your shares of our Common Stock in an acquisition. 
 Further, public benefit corporations may not be attractive targets for activists or hedge fund investors because new directors would still have to consider and give appropriate weight to the public benefit along with shareholder value, and shareholders committed to the public benefit can enforce this through derivative suits. By requiring that boards of directors of public benefit corporations consider constituencies in addition to shareholder value, Delaware public benefit corporation law could potentially make it easier for a board to reject a hostile bid, even where the takeover would provide the greatest short-term financial yield to investors. 
 Our directors have a fiduciary duty to consider not only our stockholders interests, but also our specific public benefit and the interests of other stakeholders affected by our actions. If a conflict between such interests arises, there is no guarantee such a conflict would be resolved in favor of our stockholders. 
 While directors of traditional corporations are required to make decisions they believe to be in the best interests of their stockholders, directors of a public benefit corporation have a fiduciary duty to consider not only the stockholders interests, but also the company s specific public benefit and the interests of other stakeholders affected by the company s actions. Under Delaware law, directors are shielded from liability for breach of these obligations if they make informed and disinterested decisions that serve a rational purpose. Thus, unlike traditional corporations whose directors must focus exclusively on stockholder value, our directors are not merely permitted, but obligated, to consider our specific public benefit and the interests of other stakeholders. In the event of a conflict between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of our specific public benefit or our other stakeholders, our directors must only make informed and disinterested decisions that serve a rational purpose; thus, there is no guarantee such a conflict would be resolved in favor of our stockholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 As a public benefit corporation, we are required to comply with various new reporting requirements, which, even if complied with, could result in harm to our reputation. 
 As a public benefit corporation, we are required to publicly disclose a report at least biennially on our overall public benefit performance and on our assessment of our success in achieving our specific public benefit purpose. If we are not timely or are unable to provide this report, or if the report is not viewed favorably by parties doing business with us or regulators or others reviewing our credentials, our reputation and status as a public benefit corporation may be harmed and the value of our stock could decrease as a result. 
 While not required by Delaware law or the terms of the Charter, we may elect to have our environmental, social and governance ESG performance assessed against ESG standards, including proprietary criteria established by independent 
 85 

non-profit organizations. For example, we may seek a Certified B Corporation certification. The requirements for these certifications may change over time. These standards may not be appropriately tailored to the legal requirements of publicly traded companies or to the operational requirements of larger companies. Additionally, our management team might have to spend significant time considering and meeting such certifications or such standards (including preparation of relevant applications and reports) and therefore will be spending less time on operating our business. Further, our reputation could be harmed if we obtain and then lose ESG certifications, whether by our choice or by our failure to meet certification requirements, or if that change in status were to create a perception that we are more focused on financial performance and are no longer as committed to the values shared by certifying organizations. Likewise, our reputation could be harmed if scores given to us by certifying organizations decline, since this might create a perception that we have slipped in our satisfaction of such standards. Similarly, our reputation could be harmed if we take actions that are perceived to be misaligned with our values. 
 As a public benefit corporation, we may be subject to increased derivative litigation concerning our duty to balance stockholder and public benefit interests, the occurrence of which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Stockholders of a Delaware public benefit corporation (if they, individually or collectively, own at least 2 of its outstanding capital stock or at least 2.0 million in market value) are entitled to file a derivative lawsuit claiming that its directors failed to balance stockholder and public benefit interests. This potential liability does not exist for traditional corporations. Therefore, we may be subject to the possibility of increased derivative litigation, which would require the attention of management and, as a result, may adversely impact management s ability to effectively execute our strategy. Any such derivative litigation may be costly and have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our status as a public benefit corporation could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult. 
 While Delaware common law, as stated in Revlon, Inc. v. MacAndrews Forbes Holdings, Inc. , and related cases, may impose upon directors of a traditional corporation a duty to maximize short-term stockholder value in certain sale of the company transactions, a public benefit corporation board s decision-making would not be subject to those same constraints. Our Board could reject a bid to acquire GreenLight in favor of pursuing other stakeholder interests or the specified public benefit, to the detriment of stockholders. Consideration of these competing interests would not preclude our Board from accepting a bid that maximizes short-term stockholder value. Rather, our Board could weigh the merits of accepting the short-term value offered by a bid against other options that may generate greater long-term value or have other meaningful effects on those materially affected by our conduct or public benefit purpose and, if appropriate, could accept a bid that does not maximize short-term value. 
 86 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our principal facilities are located in the metropolitan area of Boston, Massachusetts, Rochester, New York, Durham, North Carolina and Spain. We lease all our facilities. 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Lexington, Massachusetts, where we lease approximately 59,000 square feet of office and laboratory space. Our leases for this facility expires in June 2032. 
 Agricultural Manufacturing Facilities 
 Our manufacturing facilities for our dsRNA agricultural products are located in Rochester, New York. Our lease for this facility commenced in January 2020 and expires in March 2026. Our existing manufacturing operations occupy approximately 24,000 square feet and include two 2,000-liter bioreactors, one of which is operational with the second bioreactor expected to be brought online in the second quarter of 2023. 
 We estimate that we can currently produce 500 kg of dsRNA per year and that, when the second bioreactor is brought online, we could produce up to 1,000 kg of dsRNA per year. Packaging equipment would also be required. We estimate that the activation of the second bioreactor and packaging equipment would require an additional investment of approximately 1.4 million, of which 0.3 million had been incurred as of December 31, 2022. We are currently designing an expansion of our Rochester facility to increase our manufacturing capacity for agricultural use. 
 Agricultural Laboratory and Greenhouse 
 We currently lease approximately 63,000 square feet of laboratory, office and greenhouse space for our agricultural operations at our facility in Durham, North Carolina. Our lease for this facility commenced in December 2022 and expires in December 2033. We estimate that the total cost to build out the new facility will be approximately 13.0 million, pending final adjustments and has been incurred as of December 31, 2022. Approximately 7.6 million has been funded through a tenant incentive allowance provided to us by the Landlord. 
 In March 2022, the Company entered into a lease for land in Spain to enable agricultural research and development activities. The lease term expires in March 2042. 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a lease for land in Colusa Country, California to enable it to conduct certain agricultural research and development activities. The lease term expires in December 2032. 
 Human Health Facilities 
 In March 2022, we leased approximately 59,000 square feet in Lexington, Massachusetts for research and development activities, including clean rooms for early-phase clinical material manufacturing for our human health program. Our lease for this facility commenced in May 2022 and expires in June 2032. We expect that the total cost to build out this facility, excluding GMP readiness, will be approximately 3.6 million, pending final adjustments and has been incurred as of December 31, 2022. We anticipate reestablishing our ability to produce GMP clinical trial material in Lexington in the second half of 2023. 
 We currently have approximately 69,000 square feet of office and lab space in Medford, Massachusetts and Woburn, Massachusetts. Approximately 52,000 square feet of office and lab space has a lease expiry of February 2024. The remaining 17,000 square feet of office and lab space in Medford has a lease expiry of February 2025. GreenLight is actively marketing for sublease approximately 55,000 of the lab and office space between these two locations. 
 We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs. To support future organic growth or merger-and-acquisition activity, we may enter into new leases, assume lease obligations, or acquire property both domestically and internationally. We believe that suitable or alternative space will be available if and when needed. 
 87 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We currently are not a party to any material litigation or other material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 88 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 The Common Stock and the Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols GRNA and GRNAW, respectively. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, the ENVI Class A Common Stock, ENVI Units and ENVI Public Warrants were traded on Nasdaq under the symbols ENVI, ENVIU and ENVIW, respectively. 
 
 Holders 
 As of March 15, 2023, there were 131 holders of record of our Common Stock. The number of holders of record does not include street name holders or beneficial holders whose shares of Common Stock are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends to date. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will depend on our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our Board at such time. The terms of our existing loan agreements generally preclude us from paying cash dividends without consent. Our ability to declare dividends may also be limited by restrictive covenants under any future debt financing agreements. 
 
 Use of Proceeds from the IPO 
 ENVI s registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-251593) for its IPO was declared effective on January 13, 2021. Of total proceeds of 207.0 million, 250,000 was used to pay underwriting fees and expenses, and the remaining net proceeds of 206,750,000 were placed in the trust account (the IPO Net Proceeds ). The underwriting fees and expenses were paid to ENVI s qualified independent underwriter, selling group members and other third-party service providers unaffiliated with ENVI. For more information regarding the IPO and the trust account, see the Explanatory Note at the beginning of this Annual Report. 
 In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, 19,489,626 shares of ENVI Class A Common Stock were redeemed for an aggregate payment of approximately 194.9 million. The redemption price was paid from the IPO Net Proceeds held in the trust account. The remaining IPO Net Proceeds of approximately 12.1 million were disbursed to New GreenLight, which used those funds to pay a portion of the expenses incurred in connection with the Business Combination. 
 The expenses of the Business Combination included payments of approximately 5.8 million to Canaccord Genuity LLC for services rendered in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Marketing Agreement. Canaccord is an affiliate of the Sponsor and the employer of Daniel Coyne, ENVI s President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of ENVI until the Closing Date, Marc Marano, ENVI s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer until the Closing Date, and Jennifer E. Pardi, a director of ENVI and a current director of New GreenLight. The balance of the IPO Net Proceeds was used to pay a portion of the fees and expenses of SVB Leerink LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC for their services as placement agents for the PIPE Financing. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 89 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of GreenLight Biosciences Holdings PBC and its consolidated subsidiaries should be read together with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements, together with the related notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ). This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described under the heading Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of this Report. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Report. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to the Company s fiscal years, which end on December 31. For purposes of this section, all references to we, us, our, New GreenLight or the Company refer to GreenLight Biosciences Holdings PBC and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Overview 
 GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC is a pre-commercial stage biotechnology company with a proprietary cell-free ribonucleic acid (RNA) production platform for the discovery, development, and commercialization of high-performing products to promote healthier plants, foods, and people. Our vision is to pave the way for a sustainable planet through widely available and affordable RNA products. We are developing RNA products for plant and life science applications to advance crop management, plant protection, animal health, vaccine development and pandemic preparation. We have a pipeline of product candidates across various stages of development. 
 Since our inception in 2008, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to conducting research and development activities for our programs, acquiring, in-licensing, and discovering product candidates, securing related intellectual property rights, raising capital, and organizing and staffing our company. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. From our founding through December 31, 2022, we have funded our operations primarily through proceeds from the sale of our capital stock, the Business Combination (including the related PIPE financing), the Private Placement in August 2022, debt financings, the issuance of convertible notes and collaboration agreements. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since inception. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of one or more of our current or future product candidates. Our net losses were 167.1 million and 112.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 420.6 million and 253.6 million, respectively. Notwithstanding our corporate restructuring and realignment in October 2022, we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses as we pursue our remaining programs, particularly if and as we: 
 conduct field and clinical trials for our product candidates; 

continue to develop additional product candidates; 

maintain, expand, and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

hire additional and/or replacement clinical, scientific manufacturing and commercial personnel; 

expand external and/or establish internal commercial manufacturing sources and secure supply chain capacity sufficient to provide commercial quantities of any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 

acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; 

seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete field trials or clinical trials; 

establish a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; and 

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel to support our product development, clinical execution and planned future commercialization efforts, as well as to support our operations as a public company. 

As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. We expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity securities, debt financings or other capital sources, which may continue to include collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions. The fundraising environment for early-stage biotechnology companies like ours continues to be extremely challenging, and we may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise sufficient capital or enter into such agreements or arrangements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back, or 
 90 

discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates and delay or discontinue the pursuit of potential in-license or acquisition opportunities. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to further reduce or terminate our operations. The Company expects that its existing cash and cash equivalents of 68.1 million as of December 31, 2022 will last through the second quarter of 2023 but will not be sufficient to fund its operations for twelve months from the date these financial statements are issued. We are continuing to evaluate a range of additional opportunities to extend cash runway, including management of program spending, platform licensing collaborations and potential financing activities. 
 Macroeconomic Conditions 
 We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability, including in Europe, and record inflation. GreenLight s business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from these global economic conditions, particularly if such conditions are prolonged or worsen. 
 Economic uncertainty in various global markets, including the U.S. and Europe, caused by political instability and conflict and economic challenges caused by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, have led to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital market instability and supply chain interruptions, which have caused record inflation globally. While we recognize that the United States public health emergency for Covid is planned to end in May 2023, the full impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic to date and current macroeconomic conditions, including changes in inflation, interest rates and overall economic conditions and uncertainties on our business, operations and product development timelines and plans remains uncertain, and will depend on certain developments, including its impact on our field trial completion, clinical trial initiation and enrollment, trial sites, contract research organizations CROs ), contract manufacturing organizations CMOs ), and other third parties with whom we do business, as well as its impact on regulatory authorities and our key scientific and management personnel. 
 While we are experiencing limited financial and operational impacts at this time, given the global economic slowdown, the overall disruption of global healthcare systems and the other risks and uncertainties associated with these macroeconomic conditions, including potential uncertainty with the stability of banks and other financial institutes in light of the Silicon Valley Bank closure in March 2023, it is impossible to predict the extent to which GreenLight s operations will be impacted in the short and long term, or the ways in which such instability could impact our business and results of operations. The extent and duration of these market disruptions, whether as a result of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, geopolitical tensions, record inflation or otherwise, are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. Furthermore, the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted and will likely continue to result in significant disruptions to the global economy and capital markets around the world. GreenLight cannot predict the future progression or full impact of the outbreak and its effects on GreenLight s business and operations. We continue to closely monitor the global economic and geopolitical conditions as we evolve our business continuity plans, clinical development plans and response strategy. 
 Recent Developments 
 Human Health Programs 
 
 COVID-19 Vaccine Program 
 
 As previously announced, GreenLight received approval from the Rwanda Food and Drugs Authority (Rwanda FDA) to initiate a Phase I/II study of its GLB-CoV2-043 (monovalent) vaccine booster candidate in February 2023. However, given the global shift in the standard of care for COVID-19 vaccination to the Wuhan/Omicron bivalent vaccine and new availability of the bivalent vaccine in Rwanda, GreenLight has decided to update its clinical strategy to proceed with its pan-sarbecovirus vaccine candidate instead of the GLB-COV2-043 (monovalent) vaccine candidate as originally planned. GreenLight is accelerating the development of its pan-sarbecovirus vaccine candidate, which is designed to provide broader coverage against current circulating and future emerging variants of SARS-CoV-2 and support future pandemic preparedness and is planning a follow-up filing on this candidate 
 91 

to the Rwanda FDA and the Rwanda National Ethics Committee (RNEC). GreenLight will be working expeditiously and closely with its Rwandan partners to advance these efforts over the coming months and is also starting conversations with potential partners in other countries that have expressed interest in supporting the clinical development of a broader pan-sarbecovirus vaccine. GreenLight Biosciences has completed the design and in vitro selection of the pan-sarbecovirus vaccine candidates and is currently evaluating them in animal studies for subsequent progression to clinical development subject to those study results. 
 
 Shingles Vaccine Program 
 
 GreenLight has selected a lead candidate to progress towards clinical development after evaluation of multiple antigen designs and formulations in animal studies. Based on immunological response evaluations in pre-clinical studies of three potential candidates, the pre-clinical data from these studies showed that the lead vaccine candidate: (a) induced antibody levels similar to comparator vaccine (current standard of care), (b) was more potent than comparator vaccine at inducing strong cellular immune response, and (c) maintained memory B and T cells responses at levels similar to comparator vaccine, 3 months after vaccine candidate administration, demonstrating durability of the immune response. The Serum Institute of India Private Limited (SIIPL) will be responsible for the clinical development, manufacturing, and commercialization of the vaccine candidate in lower- and middle- income countries under its license agreement with GreenLight while GreenLight retains the clinical development, manufacturing, and commercial rights in the developed world. We are in active discussions with SIIPL regarding potential plans forward for this vaccine candidate. 
 
 Plant Health Programs 
 
 Colorado Potato Beetle Program - Calantha TM 
 
 Subject to receiving regulatory approval and applicable state registrations in the US, we anticipate and are in active preparations for commercial launch prior to the end of 2023. As part of this effort, we are in active discussions with territory-relevant distributors across the US as potential partners to support our planned commercial launch. Furthermore, we are planning to submit Calantha TM for regulatory approval in the EU, UK, Mexico, Canada and Ukraine. 
 
 Varroa Mite Program 
 
 In February 2023, GreenLight submitted a registration dossier to the EPA for our RNA solution that targets the varroa destructor mite, which threatens the role of honeybees in pollinating more than 100 crops annually. We are also planning to submit this solution for regulatory approval in Canada, New Zealand, the EU, and UK, with other potential territories under consideration. As previously described, our field trial data has shown that there are >40 fewer Varroa destructor mites at 12 and 18 weeks in hives compared with a leading chemical control product and with higher hive survival rates compared to the chemical control. Through our ongoing mode of action studies with Victoria University of Wellington (NZ), data shows that the average number of mite offspring decreased approximately 95 compared to control with no detectable negative impact on the growth and development of juvenile bees. Furthermore, our 2022 trials showed that our varroa mite solution used in spring and fall will more than double the rate of hive survival compared to not treating for varroa mite. 
 
 Multitarget Solutions 
 
 GreenLight is expanding certain dsRNA-based fungal, insecticide, and acaricide programs into solutions that are designed to address multiple targets. 
 
 Powdery Mildew Complex 
 
 A complex of diseases that impacts a wide range of crops and plants consisting of multiple species that are slightly genetically diverse. GreenLight has further developed its powdery mildew solution by modifying our lead sequence to enable potential control of multiple targets (i.e. cucurbits PM, cereal PM, and ornamentals PM in addition to original target of vine PM). Our field trials have demonstrated that sprayed unformulated (naked) dsRNA decreases disease severity in grapes and performed similarly to the biological standard in field trials. In a similar field trial on zucchini, data showed that our naked dsRNA sequences performed well but inferior to field trial standards. However, when formulated with adjuvants, our trial results showed that our formulated dsRNA provided a larger reduction in disease severity compared to the industry standard. We are targeting the first regulatory submission of our powdery mildew program in 2024 in the US. 
 
 Gray Mold + 
 
 92 

Gray mold is a disease that impacts a wide range of crops and plants. GreenLight has modified its lead sequences to add additional target species (i.e. sclerotinia sclerotiorum in addition to original target of botrytis cinerea as described above). Data from recent field trials show that dsRNA can provide multi-species control with commercially relevant spray intervals and naked dsRNA applied on snap beans performed similar to the chemical standard. We are targeting our first regulatory submission of our gray mold program for 2025. 
 
 Systemic Delivery 
 
 We are in the very early stages of development of potential systemic delivery solutions. Through data from early experiments and subsequent field trial studies conducted last year, GreenLight has demonstrated stability of RNA through a standard seed treatment process and dsRNA delivery into plants, showing decreased fusarium disease severity in lettuce seed treatment field trials across two locations and three lettuce varieties and very preliminary indications of herbicidal activity. 
 Business Combination and Public Company Costs 
 On August 9, 2021, the Company and Merger Sub entered into the Business Combination Agreement with GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ). On February 2, 2022, the Business Combination was consummated, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into GreenLight Biosciences, Inc., with GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. On February 2, 2022, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, the Company changed its name to GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC and became a public benefit corporation. 
 Immediately before the closing of the Business Combination, the Company held approximately 207 million in a trust account for its public stockholders. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company's public stockholders redeemed shares of public common stock for 194.9 million, and the funds remaining after such redemptions became available to finance transaction expenses and the future operations of the Company. In connection with the Business Combination, the Company entered into agreements with new investors and existing investors in GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. to subscribe for and purchase an aggregate of approximately 12.4 million shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock (the February 2022 PIPE Financing ). The February 2022 PIPE Financing was consummated on February 2, 2022 and resulted in gross proceeds of approximately 136.4 million (of which 35.3 million had been advanced to GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. by the Prepaying PIPE Investors). 
 The Merger was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, whereby for accounting and financial reporting purposes, GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. was the acquirer. A reverse recapitalization does not result in a new basis of accounting, and the financial statements of the Company represent the continuation of the consolidated financial statements of GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. in many respects. The shares of the Company remaining after redemptions of shares of the Company's public common stock and the unrestricted net cash and cash equivalents on the date the Business Combination was consummated were accounted for as a capital infusion to GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. 
 The most significant change in the Company's financial position and results of operations resulting from the consummation of the Business Combination (including the February 2022 PIPE Financing) was an estimated cash inflow (as compared to GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. balance sheet at December 31, 2021) of approximately 136.4 million, prior to payment of the transaction costs. Total direct and incremental transaction costs of 26.7 million were treated as a reduction of the cash proceeds with capital raising costs being deducted from GreenLight Biosciences, Inc.'s additional paid-in capital. 
 As a consequence of the Business Combination, GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. effectively became the successor to a publicly traded and Nasdaq-listed company, which required it to hire additional personnel and is requiring it to implement procedures and processes to address public company regulatory requirements and customary practices. The Company expects to incur additional annual expenses as a public company for, among other things, directors and officers liability insurance, director fees and additional internal and external accounting, legal and administrative resources, including increased audit and legal fees. 
 Financial Overview 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have not recognized any revenue from product sales. If our development efforts for our product candidates are successful and result in regulatory approval, or license agreements with third parties, we may 
 93 

generate revenue in the future from product sales or license agreements. However, there can be no assurance as to when we will generate such revenue, if at all. 
 License and Collaboration Revenue 
 License revenue is related to our license agreement with Serum Institute of India Private Limited SIIPL which was entered into in March 2022, pursuant to which the Company granted SIIPL an exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-bearing license to use the Company s proprietary technology platform to develop, manufacture and commercialize up to three mRNA products. The first licensed product target will be a shingles product target, and SIIPL has an option to select the additional two licensed product targets through the end of 2024. Under the terms of the Agreement with SIIPL, the Company will provide research services related to the shingles product target to develop a proof of concept and will provide manufacturing technology transfer services. In addition, GreenLight retains the option to purchase research and clinical trial data, developed by SIIPL, for 50 of the cost of the research studies and clinical trials for use in the Company s own development. 
 Pursuant to the License Agreement, SIIPL will pay the Company an upfront license fee of 5.0 million, as well as payments upon additional target selection and reservation of exclusivity. The Company may receive up to a total of an additional 17.0 million in development, regulatory and commercial (net sales) based milestone payments across all three product targets, as well as manufacturing technology transfer payments up to 10.0 million. SIIPL shall pay royalty payments in the mid-double digits, based on the net sales of products resulting from the licensed technology for the term of the License Agreement. The License Agreement shall terminate on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis on the later of the expiration of the patent rights owned by the Company or the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the applicable product(s) in the applicable country. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 6.4 million of revenue primarily related to the delivery of IP and research services, which includes manufacturing technology transfer services. 
 Grant Revenue 
 In July 2020, we entered into a grant agreement with the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation to advance research in in vivo gene therapy for sickle cell disease and to explore new, low-cost capabilities for the in vivo functional cure of sickle cell and/or durable suppression of HIV in developing countries. We were approved to receive a grant of 3.3 million in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, we had received the entire grant amount. The grant agreement provides for payments to reimburse qualifying costs, including general and administrative costs, incurred to perform our obligations under the agreement. Revenue from this grant agreement is recognized as the qualifying costs related to the grant are incurred, and any amounts received in excess of revenue recognized are initially recorded as deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheets and later recognized as revenue when qualified costs are incurred. The revenue recognized through December 31, 2022 under the grant was related to qualifying research and development expenditures that we incurred. As previously announced, we paused work on our gene therapy program for sickle cell disease, and as a result, we ceased any ongoing research work under the Gates Grant and are in the process of closing out all related activities. We are in the process of delivering the final report to the Gates Foundation and returning any remaining unused funds to the Gates Foundation. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for our research activities, including our discovery efforts and the development of our product candidates. We expense research and development costs as incurred. These expenses include: 
 Program expenses: 
 external research and development expenses incurred under agreements with CMOs, CROs, universities and research laboratories that conduct our field trials, preclinical studies and development services; 

costs related to manufacturing material for our field trials and preclinical studies; 

laboratory supplies and research materials; 

payments made in cash or equity securities under third-party licensing agreements and acquisition agreements; 

costs to fulfill our obligations under the grant agreement with the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation; and 

costs related to compliance with regulatory requirements; 

94 

Personnel expenses: 
 employee-related expenses, including salaries, bonuses, benefits, stock-based compensation, and other related costs for employees involved in research and development efforts; 

Facilities and other expenses: 
 costs of outside consultants engaged in research and development functions, including their fees and travel expenses; and 

facilities, depreciation, and other allocated expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent, utilities, and insurance. 

Costs for certain activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as information provided to us by our vendors and analyzing the progress of our field trials and preclinical studies or other services performed. 
 This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual costs. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses. Such amounts are recognized as an expense as the goods are delivered or the related services are performed, or until it is no longer expected that the goods will be delivered, or the services rendered. 
 Our direct research and development expenses are tracked on a program-by-program basis for our product candidates and consist primarily of external costs, such as fees paid to outside consultants, CROs, CMOs and research laboratories in connection with our pre-clinical development, field trials, process development, manufacturing, and clinical development activities. Our direct research and development expenses by program also include fees incurred under license, acquisition, and option agreements. We do not allocate costs associated with our discovery efforts, laboratory supplies, employee costs or facility expenses, including depreciation or other indirect costs, to specific programs because these costs are deployed across multiple programs and, as such, are not separately classified. We use internal resources primarily to conduct our research and discovery as well as for managing our pre-clinical development, field trials, process development, manufacturing, and clinical development activities. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of employee-related costs, including salaries, bonuses, benefits, stock-based compensation, and other related costs. General and administrative expense also includes professional services, including legal, accounting and audit services, consulting fees and facility costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, insurance, and other general administrative expenses. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase commensurate with future commercialization of our products and expansion of research collaboration work. We also have incurred significantly increased accounting, audit, legal, regulatory, compliance and director and officer insurance costs as well as investor and public relations expenses associated with operating as a public company. 
 Other (Expense) Income, Net 
 Other (expense) income, net consists of interest income, interest expense and any change in the fair value of our warrant liabilities. 
 Other Income, net 
 Other income, net primarily consists of income earned in connection with our investments in money market funds. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of interest on outstanding borrowings under our loan agreements with Trinity Capital, Silicon Valley Bank and Horizon Technology Finance, our convertible debt and tenant improvement loans payable with our lessors. Interest expense also includes amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs. 
 95 

Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities consists of the remeasurement gains or losses associated with changes in the fair value of the warrant liabilities. Until settlement, fluctuations in the fair value of our warrant liabilities are based on the remeasurement at each reporting period. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Our income tax provision consists of an estimate for U.S. federal, state and foreign income taxes based on enacted rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in tax law. The Company has a provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022, related to the foreign withholding taxes on payments made by SIIPL, pursuant to the research and collaboration agreement. There is no provision for U.S. federal and state income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021, as we have historically incurred net operating losses, and expect to continue to generate net operating losses. Based on this history of net operating losses, we also maintain a full valuation allowance against our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

INCREASE / 

2022 

2021 

(DECREASE) 

in thousands) 

License and collaboration revenue 

6,384 

6,384 

Grant revenue 

396 

1,595 

(1,199) 

Total revenue 

6,780 

1,595 

5,185 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

133,810 

89,832 

43,978 

General and administrative 

35,930 

20,321 

15,609 

Restructuring expenses 

959 

959 

Total operating expenses 

170,699 

110,153 

60,546 

Loss from operations 

(163,919) 

(108,558) 

(55,361) 

Other income (expenses): 

Other income, net 

895 

37 

858 

Interest expense 

(4,123) 

(2,419) 

(1,704) 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

1,184 

(1,370) 

2,554 

Total other expense, net 

(2,044) 

(3,752) 

1,708 

Net loss before income tax 

(165,963) 

(112,310) 

(53,653) 

Income tax expense 

1,092 

1,092 

Net loss 

(167,055) 

(112,310) 

(54,745) 

License and Collaboration Revenue 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized 6.4 million of revenue from our license agreement with SIIPL primarily related to the delivery of IP and research services, which includes manufacturing technology transfer services. As the license and collaboration agreement was executed in March 2022, we did not recognize any revenue under this agreement for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Grant Revenue 
 Grant revenue was 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to grant revenue of 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. All of our grant revenue is derived from a grant made by the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation in July 2020. The decrease in grant revenue is due to a decrease of costs incurred under this grant. 
 96 

Research and Development Expenses 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

INCREASE / 

2022 

2021 

(DECREASE) 

in thousands) 

Program expense 

57,143 

36,323 

20,820 

Personnel costs 

48,875 

35,844 

13,031 

Other 

27,792 

17,665 

10,127 

Total research and development expenses 

133,810 

89,832 

43,978 

Research and development expense was 133.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 89.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 44.0 million resulted primarily from increased program costs related to commercial-scale engineering run, specifically costs of approximately 17.7 million related to research and development materials, manufacturing and service fees supporting the commercial-scale engineering run, pre-clinical trial activities and personnel expenses, as well as facilities costs such as rent and depreciation expenses. 
 Our headcount supporting research and development activities increased, which generated additional personnel-related costs of 13.0 million. Other research and development costs increased by approximately 10.1 million, primarily related to a 7.6 million increase in rental expense as we expanded our footprints and entered into multiple leases during 2022 and 2021, and an increase of 2.4 million in depreciation expense due to an increase in capitalized expenditures for lab equipment and lab space leasehold improvements. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expense was 35.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 20.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 15.6 million was primarily due to an increase of 5.8 million in personnel-related costs in general and administrative functions, which resulted from increased headcount supporting general and administrative activities; a 4.6 million increase in professional services fees to support the Business Combination Agreement and costs associated with being a publicly traded company; a 3.2 million increase in insurance for directors and officers coverage; and an increase of 0.9 million related to facilities as we expanded our footprints and entered into multiple leases during 2022 and 2021. 
 Restructuring Expenses 
 Restructuring expense was 1.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily related to severance benefits. This was a result of a restructuring plan to realign operating costs to better focus on near-term value drivers announced in October 2022. 
 Other Income, net 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, other income was 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 37 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was driven by an increase in our cash and cash equivalents due to capital raises in 2022 and an increase in the interest rate yield on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 1.7 million is primarily related to interest accrued on the various loan agreements we entered into during the second half of 2021 as well as increases in interest rates on our variable rate debt throughout 2022. 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 
 Other income attributable to the change in fair value of warrant liabilities was 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an expense of 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The entire decrease of 2.6 million in the fair value of our warrant liabilities was due to the decrease in the fair value of the private placement warrants driven by a decrease in our stock price during 2022. 
 97 

Income Tax Expense 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, income tax expense was 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to foreign withholding tax from the Agreement with SIIPL. There was no income tax expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Since our inception, we have generated recurring net losses. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not yet commercialized any product. Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through proceeds from the issuance of capital stock and to a lesser extent through debt financings, the issuance of convertible notes, and collaboration agreements. From our founding through December 31, 2022, we have raised proceeds from the sale of our capital stock, the Business Combination (including the related PIPE financing), the August 2022 PIPE Financing, and from the issuance of debt and convertible notes. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 68.1 million. 
 Private Placement and Securities Subscription Agreement 
 On August 11, 2022, we entered into Securities Subscription Agreements (the August 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements with certain institutional accredited investors (collectively, the August 2022 PIPE Investors ), providing for the sale by us of 27,640,301 shares (the August 2022 PIPE Shares of our Common Stock at a purchase price of 3.92 per share, in a private placement (the August 2022 PIPE Financing and together with the February 2022 PIPE Financing, the PIPE Financings ). The August 2022 PIPE Shares were issued (the Closing simultaneously with the execution and delivery of the August 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements. The aggregate gross proceeds for the Private Placement were approximately 108.3 million. The gross proceeds do not reflect transaction costs of 2.3 million. We intend to use the net proceeds from the August 2022 PIPE Financing to fund ongoing clinical development and commercialization of our existing product pipeline. 
 Business Combination and PIPE Financing 
 In February 2022, we consummated the Business Combination with ENVI, which generated gross proceeds to New GreenLight of approximately 136.4 million, including 124.3 million from the PIPE Financing and 12.1 million from the trust account (after redemptions). The gross proceeds do not reflect transaction costs of 26.7 million. For more information, see Recent Developments Business Combination and Public Company Costs above. 
 Horizon Loan Agreement 
 In December 2021, we entered into a loan and security agreement with Horizon Technology Finance Corporation and Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP (together, Horizon ), which provided for a term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 25.0 million, 15.0 million of which was borrowed at the closing and the remainder of which may be borrowed following the achievement of certain milestones, but not after June 30, 2022. As of June 30, 2022, we had not borrowed, and could no longer borrow the remainder of the term loan. Under the agreement, in January 2022 the lenders were granted 10-year warrants to purchase shares of common stock of GreenLight. The warrants are exercisable in the aggregate for a number of shares equal to 3 of the total term loan facility (assuming we borrow the full facility amount of 25.0 million) divided by the exercise price of the warrants. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the warrants became warrants to purchase shares of New GreenLight Common Stock based on the exchange ratio under the Business Combination Agreement. 
 Accrued interest is payable monthly. Under the terms of our agreement, this loan accrues interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the one-month prime rate as reported in the Wall Street Journal on a date that is 5 business days prior to the funding date of the Loan plus 5.75 . The principal of each term loan must be repaid in equal monthly installments beginning February 1, 2023, with a scheduled final maturity date of July 1, 2025. We may prepay the term loans in full, but not in part, without premium or penalty, other than a premium equal to (i) 3 of the principal amount of any prepayment made within 12 months after the applicable funding date, (ii) 2 of the principal amount of any prepayment made between 12 and 24 months after the applicable funding date and (iii) 1 of the principal amount of any prepayment made more than 24 months after the applicable funding date. On the earlier of the scheduled final maturity date and the prepayment in full of the term loans, we must pay a final payment fee equal to 3.0 of the original principal amount of the funded term loans. 
 The agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (including an obligation to maintain certain amounts of cash in accounts subject to springing control in favor of the lenders) and customary events of default; it does not contain a financial covenant. We granted a second-priority, perfected security interest in substantially all of our present and future personal 
 98 

property and assets, excluding intellectual property, to secure our obligations to the lenders, which security interest is subordinated to the security interest granted to Silicon Valley Bank. 
 In April 2021, we entered into a joinder agreement with Horizon pursuant to which the Company became a party to the Horizon loan agreements as a co-borrower. Under the joinder agreement, the Company also granted Horizon a continuing security interest in its existing and after-acquired personal property and assets, excluding intellectual property. 
 Silicon Valley Bank Loan Agreement 
 In September 2021, we entered into a loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, providing for a term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 15.0 million, 10.0 million of which we borrowed at the closing and the remainder of which we may borrow following the achievement of certain milestones, but not after March 31, 2022. We did not borrow any additional amounts from SVB before March 31, 2022. At the closing, we granted SVB a 10-year warrant to purchase up to 34,427 shares of GreenLight Common Stock (assuming we borrow the entire 15.0 million from SVB and giving effect to the reverse recapitalization). Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the warrants became warrants to purchase shares of New GreenLight Common Stock based on the exchange ratio under the Business Combination Agreement. 
 Accrued interest is payable monthly. Under the terms of our agreement, this loan accrues interest at a floating rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) three and one half of one percent (3.50 and (ii) the prime rate (as stated in the Wall Street Journal) plus the prime rate margin of one quarter of one percent (0.25 ). The principal of each term loan must be repaid in equal monthly installments beginning April 1, 2022 (or October 1, 2022, if the Company borrows any of the remaining 5.0 million), with a scheduled final maturity date of September 1, 2024. On the earlier of the scheduled final maturity date and the prepayment in full of the term loans, the Company must pay a final payment fee equal to 4.0 of the original principal amount of the term loans. The Company may prepay the term loans in increments of 5.0 million and without premium or penalty, other than a premium equal to (i) with respect to any prepayment made on or before September 22, 2022, 3 of the principal so prepaid, (ii) with respect to any prepayment made after September 22, 2022 and on or before September 22, 2023, 2 of the principal so prepaid and (iii) with respect to any prepayment made after September 22, 2023 and on or before September 1, 2024, 1 of the principal so prepaid. 
 The loan and security agreement with SVB contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (including the obligation to maintain all of its cash in accounts at SVB, including at all times amounts sufficient to repay all loan obligations, which if not met constitute an event of default under the agreement) and customary events of default; it does not contain a financial covenant. We granted a first-priority, perfected security interest in substantially all of our present and future personal property and assets, excluding intellectual property, to secure our obligations to SVB. 
 In April 2021, we entered into a joinder agreement and first amendment to loan and security agreement with SVB pursuant to which the Company became a party to the SVB loan agreements as a borrower. Under these agreements, the Company also granted SVB a continuing security interest in its existing and after-acquired personal property and assets, excluding intellectual property. These agreements also amended certain terms of the original SVB loan agreement to, among other things, add representations, affirmative and negative covenants, and events of default regarding the Company s obligations as a public benefit corporation. Under the amended terms, it is an event of default for there to be any pending or threatened litigation by a shareholder alleging that we or our directors failed to satisfy any obligations under Delaware law regarding our status as a public benefit corporation, if the litigation is likely to result in a final monetary judgment against us in excess of 250,000. In addition, if any action, investigation, or proceeding is pending or known to be threatened in writing against us with respect to such a claim, the bank may not need to make further loans to us. 
 On March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was appointed as receiver and SVB was subsequently transferred into a new entity, Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A SVB Bridge Bank ). 
 Trinity Capital Equipment Financing Agreement 
 In March 2021, we entered into a master equipment financing agreement with Trinity Capital (Trinity) authorizing equipment financing with an aggregate borrowing capacity of 11.3 million, with up to 5.0 million available immediately and the remaining principal balance available to be drawn before September 2021. We entered into this loan to finance our capital purchases associated primarily with our research and manufacturing programs. The monthly payment factors for each draw are determined by Trinity based on the Prime Rate reported in the Wall Street Journal on the first day of the month in which an equipment financing schedule for such draw is executed. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had drawn the entire 11.3 million, which is repayable in monthly installments starting April 2021. 
 99 

Funding Future Operations; Going Concern 
 The Company estimates that its existing cash and cash equivalents of 68.1 million as of December 31, 2022 will last through the second quarter of 2023 but will not be sufficient to fund its operations for twelve months from the date these financial statements are issued. As a result, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements, as discussed in Note 1 - Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation of the notes to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, included elsewhere herein. 
 Based on our existing cash and cash equivalents, we are evaluating a range of opportunities to extend cash runway, including management of program spending, platform licensing collaborations and potential financing activities. 
 We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we advance our product candidates through preclinical and clinical development and field trials, seek regulatory approval, and pursue commercialization of any approved product candidates. We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses will increase commensurate with future commercialization of our products and expansion of research collaboration work. In addition, in light of the completion of the Business Combination, we have incurred and expect to incur continuing costs associated with operating as a public company. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development, and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our working capital requirements. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the design, initiation, timing, costs, progress, and results of our planned clinical trials and field trials; 

the progress of preclinical development and possible clinical trials of our current and future earlier- stage programs; 

the scope, progress, results and costs of our research programs and preclinical development of any additional product candidates that we may pursue; 

the development requirements of other product candidates that we may pursue; 

our headcount and associated costs and establish a commercial infrastructure; 

the timing and amount of milestone and royalty payments that we are required to make or eligible to receive under our current or future collaboration and license agreements; 

the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the FDA, EPA and other regulatory authorities; 

the costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 

the cost of expanding, maintaining, and enforcing our intellectual property portfolio, including filing, prosecuting, defending, and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 

the cost of defending potential intellectual property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us or any of our product candidates; 

the effect of competing technological and market developments; 

the cost and timing of completion of commercial-scale manufacturing activities; 

the extent to which we partner our programs, acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies or enter into additional collaborations; 

the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of any future product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; and 

the costs of operating as a public company. 

Until we can generate product revenues to support our cost structure, if any, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, and other similar arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be or could be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation, dividend, redemption, and other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, or declaring dividends. If we raise funds through collaborations, or other similar arrangements with third parties, we 
 100 

may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us and/or may reduce the value of our Common Stock. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market our product candidates even if we would otherwise prefer to develop and market such product candidates ourselves. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for each of the periods presented: 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

INCREASE / 

2022 

2021 

(DECREASE) 

in thousands) 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

(136,731) 

(91,832) 

(44,899) 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

(26,510) 

(15,039) 

(11,471) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

200,851 

43,531 

157,320 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

37,610 

(63,340) 

100,950 

Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities represent the cash receipts and disbursements related to all our activities other than investing and financing activities. Operating cash flow is derived by adjusting our net loss for non-cash operating items such as depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation as well as changes in operating assets and liabilities, which reflect timing differences between the receipt and payment of cash associated with transactions and when they are recognized in our results of operations. 
 During 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 136.7 million of cash, primarily resulting from our net loss of 167.1 million, adjusted for non-cash items and the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash adjustments primarily include stock-based compensation expense of 8.8 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 8.1 million, and non-cash lease expense of 5.6 million; offset by a change in the fair value of our warrant liabilities of 1.2 million. Net cash used by changes in our operating assets and liabilities consisted primarily of a 6.6 million decrease in accounts payable, an increase of 12.9 million in accrued expenses, lease liabilities and other liabilities, a 1.5 million increase in prepaid expenses, other current assets and other non-current assets, partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue of 3.6 million. The decrease in accounts payable is related to timing of vendor invoicing and payments. The increase in accrued expenses, lease liabilities and other liabilities and prepaid expenses and other assets was due to our increased level of research collaborations and manufacturing development activities related to our product candidates. The increase in deferred revenue was due to our license agreement we entered into with SIIPL in 2022. 
 During 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 91.8 million. Net cash used in operating activities consists of net loss of 112.3 million, adjusted for non-cash items and the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash adjustments primarily include depreciation and amortization expense of 5.8 million, stock-based compensation of 2.0 million, change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 1.4 million, and non-cash interest expense of 0.8 million. Net cash provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted of a 11.9 million increase in accounts payable and other current liabilities, partially offset by a 0.9 million increase in prepaid expenses, other current assets and other non-current assets. The increase in accounts payable and other liabilities related to the timing of vendor invoicing and payments. The increase in prepaid expenses, other current assets and other non-current assets was primarily due to our increased level of research collaborations and manufacturing development activities related to our product candidates. 
 Investing Activities 
 During 2022, investing activities used 26.5 million of cash, consisting primarily of purchases of property and equipment, of which a substantial majority related to laboratory and facilities improvements in Durham, North Carolina and Lexington, Massachusetts as well as purchases of laboratory equipment and facilities improvements for our manufacturing facility in Rochester, New York. 
 During 2021, investing activities used 15.0 million of cash consisting of purchases of property and equipment, of which a substantial majority related to purchases of laboratory equipment and facilities improvements for our manufacturing plant in 
 101 

Rochester, New York, construction of cleanrooms and preclinical manufacturing capacity in our facility in Burlington, Massachusetts, and laboratory construction in our facility in Woburn, Massachusetts. 
 Financing Activities 
 During 2022, financing activities provided 200.9 million of cash, consisting primarily of 106.0 million of net proceeds raised in the August 2022 PIPE financing, 78.5 million of net proceeds from the Business Combination, net of transaction costs, 21.8 million in proceeds from issuance of convertible debt from PIPE Investors, and 1.2 million of proceeds from the exercise of public warrants, which were partially offset by 7.2 million of repayments on our debt and finance lease obligations. 
 During 2021, financing activities provided 43.5 million of cash, consisting primarily of 24.9 million of net proceeds from secured term loans, 13.5 million of net proceeds from convertible debt issuances, and net proceeds of 10.4 million from a new secured debt agreement, partially offset by 2.9 million of deferred offering costs, 1.8 million of repayments on our secured debt, and 0.6 million of payments related to our capital lease obligations. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Operating Lease Obligations 
 We have non-cancelable operating lease obligations, consisting primarily of lease payment obligations for our facilities, including our headquarters in Lexington, Massachusetts, comprised of office and laboratory space; office, laboratory and greenhouse space in Durham, North Carolina; laboratory and office space in Medford and Woburn, Massachusetts; our manufacturing facilities in Rochester, New York; and farm land located in Spain. The leases for these facilities expire on various dates through 2042, unless extended. 
 In March 2022, the Company entered into a lease for new office, laboratory and clean room space in Lexington, Massachusetts, which commenced in May 2022. The lease term expires in July 2033. The base rent for this lease is approximately 3.9 million per year, subject to a 3 increase each year. 
 In March 2022, the Company entered into a lease for land in Spain. The lease term expires in March 2042. The base rent for this lease is approximately 0.1 million per year. 
 In June 2022, we terminated our lease for manufacturing clean rooms in Burlington, Massachusetts. 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a lease for farm land located in Colusa County, California, which commences in January 2023. The lease term expires in December 2032. The base rent for this lease is approximately 0.1 million per year, subject to annual increases based on the consumer price index beginning on January 1, 2024. 
 See Note 16, Leases , of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for further information on our operating lease obligations. 
 Purchase Obligations 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into contracts with third parties for field trials, preclinical studies and research and development supplies. These contracts generally do not contain minimum purchase commitments and provide for termination on notice, and therefore are cancellable contracts. 
 License Agreement Obligations 
 In December 2020, we entered into an assignment and license agreement with Bayer CropScience LLP Bayer under which we may be obligated to make milestone and royalty payments. These payment obligations are contingent upon future events, such as achieving certain development, regulatory, and commercial milestones or generating product sales. The timing of these events is uncertain; accordingly, we cannot predict the period during which these payments may become due. We have agreed to pay up to 2.0 million in milestone payments under this assignment and license agreement when certain development milestones are met. The Company assessed the milestones for the year ended December 31, 2022 and concluded no such milestone payments were deemed probable nor due. 
 In August 2020, we entered into a license agreement with Acuitas Therapeutics, Inc. Acuitas under which we are obligated to make potential milestone payments, royalty payments, or both. These payment obligations are contingent upon future 
 102 

events, such as achieving certain clinical and regulatory milestones and generating product sales. Such payments are dependent upon the development of products using the intellectual property licensed under the agreements and are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. The potential clinical and regulatory milestone payments that Acuitas is entitled to receive is in the low double-digit millions for the first option exercised. With respect to the sale of each licensed products, the Company is also obligated to pay Acuitas royalties in the low single digit percentages on net sales of the licensed products by the Company and its affiliates and sublicensees in a given country until the last to occur, in such country, of (i) the expiration or abandonment of all licensed patent rights covering the licensed product, (ii) expiration of any regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product, or (iii) ten years from the first commercial sale of the licensed product. For the year ended December 31, 2022, none of these events were deemed probable and hence no expenses were recorded. 
 Debt Obligations 
 See Note 10, Debt , of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this filing for further information on our future debt repayment obligations. 
 Manufacturing Commitments and Obligations 
 In November 2021, we engaged Samsung Biologics Co., Ltd. Samsung as a contract development and manufacturing organization for scale up and commercial scale production of our mRNA COVID-19 vaccine pursuant to a Master Services Agreement and a Product Specific Agreement with Samsung (collectively, the Samsung Agreements ). Pursuant to the Samsung Agreements, we must, among other things, (a) pay Samsung service fees for its pharmaceutical development and manufacturing services, (b) purchase certain minimum quantities of drug products, and (c) pay Samsung, on a minimum take-or-pay basis for each year under the agreement, for our minimum purchase commitments, as determined under the terms of the Samsung Agreements. Based on our minimum purchase commitments, we expect to pay Samsung a minimum of approximately 8.8 million in service fees under the Samsung Agreements, excluding the cost of raw materials. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred approximately 5.9 million in costs under this service agreement. Based on our current schedule, we expect to incur the remainder of the costs throughout 2023. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make judgments and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On a recurring basis, we evaluate our judgments and estimates in light of changes in circumstances, facts, and experience. The effects of material revisions in an estimate, if any, will be reflected in the consolidated financial statements prospectively from the date of the change in the estimate. 
 We believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 License and Collaboration Revenue 
 In March 2022, we entered into a License Agreement (the Agreement with Serum Institute of India Private Limited SIIPL ), pursuant to which we granted SIIPL an exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-bearing license to use our proprietary technology platform to develop, manufacture and commercialize up to three mRNA products in all territories other than the United States, the 27 member states of the European Union, the United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, New Zealand, Canada, South Korea, China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan (the SIIPL Territory ). The first licensed product target will be a shingles product target, and SIIPL has an option to select the additional two licensed product targets through the end of 2024. Under the terms of the Agreement with SIIPL, we will provide research services related to the shingles product target to develop a proof of concept and will provide manufacturing technology transfer services. In addition, we retain the option to purchase research and clinical trial data, developed by SIIPL, for 50 of the cost of the research studies and clinical trials for use in our own development. 
 103 

SIIPL is responsible for the development, formulation, filling and finishing, registration and commercialization of the products in the SIIPL Territory, subject to oversight from a joint steering committee composed of representatives of us and SIIPL. SIIPL will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and obtain regulatory approval for the products in the countries in the SIIPL Territory. The License Agreement includes terms customary in the industry for provisions related to sublicensing, intellectual property, and termination, and customary representations and warranties of GreenLight and SIIPL, along with certain customary covenants, including confidentiality, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions. 
 Pursuant to the License Agreement, SIIPL will pay us an upfront license fee of 5.0 million, as well as payments upon additional target selection and reservation of exclusivity. We may receive up to a total of an additional 17.0 million in development, regulatory and commercial (net sales) based milestone payments across all three product targets, as well as manufacturing technology transfer payments up to 10.0 million. SIIPL shall pay royalty payments in the mid-double digits, based on the net sales of products resulting from the licensed technology for the term of the License Agreement. The License Agreement shall terminate on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis on the later of the expiration of the patent rights owned by us or the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the applicable product(s) in the applicable country. 
 We have determined that the Agreement falls within the scope of ASC 606, Revenue Recognition, ASC 606 as it includes a customer-vendor relationship as defined by ASC 606 and thus represents a contract with a customer. We have determined that the license of IP granted is not distinct from the research services, which includes manufacturing technology transfer services, and thus should be combined. The Agreement contains a single performance obligation for the combined License of IP and research services. Revenue from the contract will be recognized over time, using an input-method based on labor costs as a percentage of total expected labor costs. We use key assumptions in recognizing revenue, which include estimated development timelines, actual internal and external costs incurred, estimated costs to be incurred, and probabilities of technical success. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 We have committed significant resources into the research and development of our product candidates and intend to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Research and development expenses are generally expensed as incurred. 
 Research and development expenses are comprised of costs incurred in performing research and development activities, including salary, benefits, share-based compensation, and other employee-related expenses; laboratory supplies and other direct expenses; facilities expenses; third-party contractual costs relating to nonclinical studies and clinical trial activities and related contract manufacturing expenses, development of manufacturing processes and other outside expenses. 
 Clinical trial expenses include expenses associated with contract research organizations, or CROs. The invoicing from CROs for services rendered can lag several months. We accrue the cost of services rendered in connection with CRO activities based on our estimate of site management, monitoring costs, project management costs, and investigator fees. We maintain regular communication with our CRO vendors to gauge the reasonableness of our estimates. We make estimates of our clinical trial accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us. If timelines or contracts are modified based upon changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed, we assess our estimates of accrued expenses accordingly. Differences between actual clinical trial expenses and estimated clinical trial expenses recorded have not been material and are adjusted for in the period in which they become known. However, if we incorrectly estimate activity levels associated with the CRO services at a given point in time, we could be required to record material adjustments in future periods. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure stock-based awards granted to employees, non-employees and directors based on their fair value on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for options and the fair value of our Common Stock for restricted common stock awards. Compensation expense for those awards is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective award for employees and directors and the period during which services are performed for non-employees. We use the straight-line method to record the expense of awards with service-based vesting conditions. We recognize stock-based compensation for performance awards based on grant date fair value over the service period to the extent achievement of the performance condition is probable. 
 The fair value of our stock option awards is estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model that uses the following inputs: (1) fair value of our Common Stock, (2) assumptions we make for the expected volatility of our common stock, (3) the expected term of our stock option awards, (4) the risk-free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected term of our stock option awards, and (5) our expected dividend yield, if any. The computation of expected volatility is based on an average historical share price volatility based on an analysis of reported data for a peer group of comparable publicly traded companies, 
 104 

which were selected based upon industry similarities. However, these estimates are neither predictive nor indicative of the future performance of the our stock. Due to our limited operating history and a lack of company specific historical and implied volatility data, we have based our estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatility of stock of companies within our defined peer group. The interest rate for periods within the expected term of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury risk-free interest rate in effect at the time of grant. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows is provided in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere herein. 
 We adopted ASC 842 during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, with an effective date of January 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective approach and utilizing the effective date as its date of initial application. As a result, prior period financial statements continue to be presented in accordance with ASC 840. The Company used the optional transition method to the modified retrospective approach in which Topic 842 will not be applied to comparative periods presented and incremental disclosures are not required for periods before the Company s adoption of Topic 842. As a result of implementing this guidance, the Company recorded a right-of-use asset of 15.2 million and an operating lease liability of 15.9 million, respectively, as of January 1, 2022 and also derecognized total deferred rent liabilities and unamortized lease incentives of 0.7 million that existed as of December 31, 2021 on the Company's Balance Sheets. 
 Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status 
 The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective, have not filed and not withdrawn a Securities Act registration statement that has not become effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, The Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company's financial statements with certain other public companies difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 The Company will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the closing of ENVI s initial public offering, (b) in which the Company has total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which the Company is deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of its common equity that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter; and (ii) the date on which the Company has issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 
 We are also a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as the market 
 105 

value of our voting and non-voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or our annual revenue is less than 100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our voting and non-voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 
 106 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to certain market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents which consisted of cash and money market funds. Interest income is sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates; however, due to the nature of these investments, an immediate 10 change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our investment portfolio. 
 We have exposure to interest rate risk from our variable rate debt. We do not hedge our exposure to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had 22.0 million in variable rate debt outstanding. A 10 change in interest rates would have an immaterial impact on annualized interest expense. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Our reporting and functional currency is the U.S. dollar. We currently do not have significant exposure to foreign currencies as we hold no foreign exchange contracts, option contracts, or other foreign hedging arrangements. Our operations may be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the future. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and research and development contract costs. We do not believe that inflation currently has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our operations may be affected by inflation in the future. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Our consolidated financial statements, together with the independent registered public accounting firm report thereon, appear beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not Applicable. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Due to the material weaknesses identified as of December 31, 2021, two of which remain unremediated as of December 31, 2022, which are disclosed in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, the CEO and the CFO concluded that the disclosure controls were not effective, to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as a process 
 107 

designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by the Company's Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management of the Company has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, COSO ). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, due to unremediated material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting which are as follows: 
 The failure to maintain a sufficient complement of personnel in its accounting and reporting department to ensure adequate segregation of duties such that appropriate review and monitoring of its financial records are executed. 

The failure to design and implement adequate information systems controls including access and change management controls. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the remediated material weakness related to the failure of the Company to maintain a sufficient complement of accounting and financial reporting resources commensurate with the Company s financial reporting requirements, there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a 15(d) and 15d 15(d) of the Exchange Act that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Remediation Plan 
 We are committed and are taking steps necessary to remediate the control deficiencies that constituted the above material weaknesses by implementing changes to our internal control over financial reporting. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made the following enhancements to our control environment including the following: 
 We implemented a new ERP system with defined user roles to ensure proper segregation of duties within our accounting systems which will provide a stronger internal control infrastructure for financial reporting and for our internal control procedures; 

We engaged internal control consultants to assist us in performing a financial reporting risk assessment as well as identifying and designing our system of internal controls necessary to mitigate the risks identified; 

Our remediation activities are continuing in 2023. In addition to the above activities, we expect to engage in additional activities including: 
 Identify and document the remaining controls needed to mitigate the risks identified in our comprehensive risk assessment of our financial reporting processes; and 

Perform routine testing of the operating effectiveness of the identified controls over financial reporting including general IT controls. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 108 

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 On March 23, 2023, the Company received a deficiency letter from the Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for the Company s Common Stock had closed below the 1.00 per share minimum bid price requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) (the Bid Price Requirement ). 
 
 In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) (the Compliance Period Rule ), the Company has been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until September 18, 2023 (the Compliance Date ), to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement. If, at any time before the Compliance Date, the bid price for the Common Stock closes at 1.00 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days as required under the Compliance Period Rule (unless the Staff exercises its discretion to extend this ten-day period pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(H)), the Staff will provide written notification to the Company that it has regained compliance with the Bid Price Requirement. 
 
 If the Company does not regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement by the Compliance Date, the Company may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day compliance period. To qualify, the Company would need to transfer the listing of the Common Stock to the Nasdaq Capital Market, provided that it meets the continued listing requirement for the market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards, with the exception of the Bid Price Requirement. To effect such a transfer, the Company would also need to pay an application fee to Nasdaq and will need to provide written notice to the Staff of its intention to cure the deficiency during the additional compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. As part of its review process, the Staff will make a determination of whether it believes the Company will be able to cure this deficiency. 
 Should the Staff conclude that the Company will not be able to cure the deficiency, or should the Company determine not to submit an application for transfer to the Nasdaq Capital Market or notify the Staff of its intention to cure the deficiency, the Staff will provide written notification to the Company that the Common Stock will be subject to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal the Staff s delisting determination to a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel (the Panel ). However, there can be no assurance that, if the Company receives a delisting notice and appeals the delisting determination by the Staff to the Panel, such appeal would be successful. 
 
 The Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of the Common Stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement, which could include seeking to effect a reverse stock split. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 
 109 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The following sets forth certain information, as of the date of this report, concerning the directors and officers. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 

Executive Officers 

Andrey J. Zarur, Ph.D. 
 52 
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Class III Director 

Carole Cobb, M.B.A. 
 65 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Susan Keefe, M.B.A. 
 50 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Nina Thayer 
 37 
 General Counsel 

Non-Employee Directors 

Charles Cooney, Ph.D. 
 77 
 Class III Director 

Ganesh Kishore, Ph.D. 
 68 
 Class III Director 

Eric O'Brien 
 49 
 Class I Director 

Jennifer E. Pardi 
 42 
 Class I Director 

Martha Schlicher, Ph.D. 
 62 
 Class II Director 

Matthew Walker 
 40 
 Class II Director 

David Kennedy, former General Counsel, retired from the Company as of March 2023. Mr. Kennedy will continued to be engaged by the Company as an advisor. 
 Executive Officers 
 Andrey Zarur, Ph.D . Dr. Zarur, a co-founder of GreenLight, has served as the Chief Executive Officer and President and as a member of the Board of each of New GreenLight and GreenLight since February 2022 and August 2008, respectively. Dr. Zarur is also the co-founder of Lumicell Inc., an oncology company delivering advanced imaging solutions for cancer surgery, and has served as its Chairman of the Board since January 2010. Dr. Zarur co-founded and served as the Chairman of the Board of Solid Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: SLDB), a gene therapy company targeting Duchenne muscular dystrophy, from February 2014 to June 2020, and served as the Managing General Partner of Kodiak Venture Partners, a venture capital firm that is a major shareholder of GreenLight, from February 2006 to February 2014. Dr. Zarur previously served as a senior executive in various companies in the healthcare and clean energy sectors, including as Chief Executive Officer of BioProcessors Corporation, a microscale bioreactor platform developer, from January 2002 to December 2006 and Chief Operating Officer of Starlab NV/SA, a research incubator, from January 1999 to January 2002. Dr. Zarur earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree from the Chemical Engineering Department at the Massachusetts of Technology and a post-graduate certificate in Immunology from Harvard Medical School. Dr. Zarur also holds a Master s of Science in Engineering Practice from the Chemical Engineering Department at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an undergraduate degree from the Universidad Nacional Aut noma de M xico. We believe Dr. Zarur s background and track record of leading biopharmaceutical businesses across the discovery, preclinical, and clinical development, commercialization and product life-cycle management states makes him well qualified to serve on the Board. 
 Carole Cobb, M.B.A. Ms. Cobb has served as the Chief Operating Officer of New GreenLight since February 2022 and as GreenLight's Chief Operating Officer since 2016. In that role, Ms. Cobb is responsible for process development and manufacturing for products developed through GreenLight s science and innovation. Ms. Cobb s career has ranged from development and research engineering to managing global manufacturing operations and she was the first female manufacturing Plant Manager at Genencor International, Inc., a research and development company. She was promoted to Vice President of Worldwide Manufacturing in 1997 and from 1999 to 2008, Ms. Cobb was a Senior Vice President of Global Supply at Genencor and continued in that position following its acquisition by Danisco A/S in 2005. In this role, she was responsible for driving strategy, tactics and implementation for Genencor s global supply chain. Ms. Cobb earned her Master s in Business Administration from the Finance Department at the University of Rochester and earned two undergraduate degrees, one from the Department of Chemical Engineering and the other from the Department of Biochemistry, and Cell and Molecular Biology both at the State University of New York at Buffalo. 
 Susan Keefe, M.B.A . Ms. Keefe has served as the Chief Financial Officer and interim Chief Accounting Officer of New GreenLight since February 2022 and as GreenLight s Chief Financial Officer since May 2019. In these roles, Ms. Keefe has been responsible for overseeing all aspects of our finance and accounting operations. She brings 25 years of experience in financial positions across the biotech, consumer packaged goods, and consulting industries. Most recently, Ms. Keefe served as a financial consultant to a range of life science companies with Danforth Advisors, a financial services consulting company focused on life 
 110 

sciences, from October 2018 to May 2019. From July 2013 to April 2018, Ms. Keefe served as Vice President of Finance and Corporate Treasurer at Aushon Biosystems Inc., a developer of microarray technologies for life science companies, where she was responsible for finance, accounting and human resources. She has also served in various roles at SeraCare Life Sciences Inc., most recently as the Director, Corporate Development and Business Analytics (2007 to 2013), The Procter Gamble Company, most recently as Finance Manager (2003 to 2007), as Finance Manager at Lante Corporation (2000 to 2001) and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, most recently as Manager, Transaction Services (1996 to 2000). Ms. Keefe earned her B.A. in Business Administration from the University of Iowa and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago, Booth Graduate School of Business. 
 Nina Thayer. Nina Thayer has served as General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary to New GreenLight since March 2023. She also served as Deputy General Counsel to New GreenLight from January 2023 to March 2023. In these roles, Ms. Thayer is responsible for the Company's legal and compliance functions. Prior to joining New GreenLight, Ms. Thayer served as Vice President, Legal Affairs at Gemini Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly NASDAQ: GMTX), a biotechnology company, from May 2021 through December 2022, and in various roles, most recently of which as Vice President and General Counsel, at Allied Minds plc (LSE: ALM), a publicly traded venture firm focused on early stage company investment and development within the technology and life science sectors, from September 2015 to May 2021. At Gemini Therapeutics and Allied Minds, Nina advised on corporate and securities laws matters, governance, and financing, commercial, and licensing transactions. Prior to Allied Minds, Nina was a corporate associate with Goodwin Procter LLP where she represented private equity and venture capital firms as well as a wide range of public and private companies. Ms. Thayer earned her B.S. in Business Administration from Boston University and her J.D. from Boston University School of Law. 
 David Kennedy. David Kennedy has served as the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary to each of New GreenLight and GreenLight since February 2022 and June 2020, respectively, until March 2023. He has also served as Principal of Kennedy, LLP, a law firm, since January 2017. Mr. Kennedy has served in various leading roles at public and private companies, including as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in Residence at Criteo S.A. (NASDAQ: CRTO), a commerce marketing technology company, from February 2018 to September 2018, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer for Infosys Limited (NYSE: INFY), an information technology company, from October 2014 to January 2017, Chief Legal Officer for JDA Software, Inc. (now Blue Yonder Group, Inc.), a digital fulfillment platform company, from April 2012 to January 2014, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Better Place, an electric battery company, from April 2009 to October 2011, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for SAP Business Objects, an enterprise software company, from April 2007 to April 2009 and Associate General Counsel for International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE: IBM) from 1989 to 2007. Mr. Kennedy earned his J.D. with honors from the University of Connecticut School of Law and his B.S. from the University of Connecticut in Business Administration, where he graduated Magna Cum Laude. 
 Non-Employee Directors 
 Charles L. Cooney , Ph.D. Dr. Cooney has served as a member and chairperson of the Board and as a member of its audit committee since February 2022. Dr. Cooney served as a member of the GreenLight Board from December 2010 until the closing of the Business Combination in February 2022, including as its chairperson after February 2018. Dr. Cooney joined the MIT faculty in 1970 and has been the Robert T. Haslam Professor of Chemical and Biochemical Engineering in the Department of Chemical Engineering at MIT since 2007. In 2015 he became Professor, Emeritus. Dr. Cooney was the founding Faculty Director of the Deshpande Center for Technological Innovation at MIT, from 2002 to 2014. Dr. Cooney also serves as a member of the board of directors of various public and private biotechnology companies, including Elektrofi, a biotechnology company focused on the delivery of biologics to treat diseases, since March 2018; Codiak Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: CDAK), a biotechnology company focused on the development of exosome-based therapeutics, since July 2017, where he also serves as a member of the audit committee and environmental, social, governance and impact committee; LayerBio, Inc., a biotechnology company focused on sustained-release technology for use with intraocular lenses, since November 2016; Levitronix LLC, a developer of magnetically levitated bearing less motor technology, since January 2016; Innovent Biologics, Inc. (OTCMKTS: IVBXF), a developer of monoclonal antibody drug candidates, since December 2015; and Boyd Technologies, Inc., a developer of membrane products since September 2013. Previously, Dr. Cooney served as a board member at Axcella Health,Inc. (formerly Pronutria Biosciences, Inc.) (NASDAQ: AXLA), a biopharmaceutical company focused on treating diseases and supporting health using endogenous metabolic modulators, from February 2011 to June 2018. Dr. Cooney earned a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.S. and Ph.D. in Biochemical Engineering from MIT. We believe that Dr. Cooney s extensive experience as a researcher and an educator in the biotechnology field and his experience as a director of both public and private biotechnology companies qualify him to serve as a member of the Board. 
 Ganesh Kishore, Ph.D. Dr. Kishore has served as a member of the Board and as the chairperson of its compensation committee and a member of its environmental, social, governance and impact committee since February 2022. Dr. Kishore, 
 111 

served on the GreenLight Board from 2015 until the closing of the Business Combination in February 2022. Dr. Kishore has also served as a Managing Partner at Spruce Capital Partners LLC, a venture capital management firm, since February 2013 and as a Co-Manager of MLSCF II (GP) (Labuan), LLP, the General Partner of MLS Capital Fund II. Previously he served as the Chief Executive Officer of Malaysian Life Sciences Capital Fund Ltd., a life sciences venture fund, between April 2007 and June 2015. Additionally, from April 2007 to December 2008, Dr. Kishore served as the Managing Director of Burrill Company, a life sciences private equity and venture capital firm, in its Venture Group and from 1980 to 2000, Dr. Kishore served as President, Nutrition Consumer Division, Distinguished Science Fellow and Chief Biotechnologist of Monsanto Company. Dr. Kishore also served as the Chief Technology Officer for Agriculture Nutrition Platform and Chief Biotechnology Officer of DuPont between 2002 and 2007. Dr. Kishore earned his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the Indian Institute of Science and received postdoctoral training and was a Robert A. Welch Fellow in Microbiology and Chemistry at the University of Texas at Austin. We believe that Dr. Kishore s knowledge of the biotechnology sector and his finance experience make him well suited to serve on the Board. 
 Eric O Brien, M.B.A. Mr. O Brien has served as a member of the Board and as a member of its compensation committee since February 2022. Mr. O Brien served as a member of the GreenLight Board from June 2019 until the closing of the Business Combination in February 2022. Mr. O Brien is also a co-founder and has served as Managing Director of Fall Line Capital, a private equity firm focused on investments in farmland and agricultural technologies, since June 2011. Mr. O Brien has served on the boards of directors of many public and private companies, including PCH International Company, a custom design manufacturing company, from September 2008 to December 2016; Aquantia Corporation, a manufacturer of high-speed transceivers, from December 2005 to April 2015; Evolv, Inc. (now Cornestone OnDemand), a workforce performance solution analytics company, from January 2008 to November 2014; Partners in School Innovation, a non-profit service organization, from June 2002 to June 2014; and Lemon, Inc., a mobile wallet developer, from September 2008 to December 2013. Prior to his role at Fall Line Capital, Mr. O Brien was the Managing Director of Lightspeed Venture Partners, a venture capital firm, from February 2000 to December 2011. Mr. O Brien earned his M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and an A.B. in Economics from Harvard College. We believe that Mr. O Brien is qualified to serve on the Board due to his experience and knowledge of GreenLight s business and his experience in venture capital and finance. 
 Jennifer E. Pardi . Ms. Pardi has served as a member of the Board since inception and has served as a member of its audit committee and environmental, social, governance, and impact committee since February 2022. Ms. Pardi has over 17 years of experience in corporate finance, equity and debt capital markets and has completed transactions in diverse industries and with complex structures. She currently serves as Global Head of Equity Capital Markets of Canaccord, where she has been since September 2003 and has extensive US and cross-border experience having been involved in the completion of over 1,000 transactions with an aggregate value of over 150 billion. Ms. Pardi holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of Connecticut and an M.B.A. (with distinction) from Suffolk University. We believe that she is well qualified to serve on the Board due to her extensive experience in corporate finance and capital markets. 
 Martha Schlicher, Ph.D . Dr. Schlicher has served as a member of the Board and as chairperson of its audit committee and as a member of its compensation committee since February 2022. Dr. Schlicher, served as a member of the GreenLight Board since February 2018 and as the chair of GreenLight s audit committee since October 2020. Since February 2020, Dr. Schlicher has been the Executive in Residence of BioGenerator, the investment arm of BioSTL and an evergreen investor that creates, grows and funds life-science companies and entrepreneurs in the St. Louis region. Since April 2020, Dr. Schlicher has also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Impetus Agriculture Inc., a company developing biological methods for insect control, and since July 2020, she has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Plastomics Inc., a start-up plant biotechnology company. From February 2016 to December 2019, Dr. Schlicher served as the Vice President of Research and Development of Mallinckrodt Pharmaceutical Company (OTCMKTS: MNKKQ), a manufacturer of specialty pharmaceuticals. Prior to that Dr. Schlicher served in many technical, regulatory, strategy and commercial executive leadership roles at Monsanto, last being as the Vice-President of Sustainability. We believe that Dr. Schlicher s experience on the GreenLight Board, as well as her experiences running biotechnology companies, make her well qualified to serve on the Board. 
 Matthew Walker, Esq., M.B.A. Mr. Walker has served as a member of the Board and chairperson of its environmental, social, governance, and impact committee and a member of its compensation committee since February 2022. Mr. Walker served as a member of the GreenLight Board from December 2018 until the closing of the Business Combination in February 2022. Mr. Walker has also served as Managing Director at Builders Vision, LLC, an impact platform that includes S2G Ventures, and a major shareholder of GreenLight, since October 2014. Mr. Walker has served as a member of the board of Solarea Bio, Inc., a biotechnology company focused on solutions for health disorders, since September 2020; a member of the board of directors of Future Meat Technologies, a biotechnology company focused on global meat production, since April 2018; as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Hazel Technologies, Inc., a company developing biotechnology for reducing waste in the agricultural supply chain, since February 2018; a board member of Mercaris, a data service company and online trading platform focused on the organic and non-GMO commodities market place, since May 2017; and a board member of Farmer Focus-Shenandoah Valley 
 112 

Organic, an organic meat brand, since December 2016. Previously, from August 2011 to February 2014. Mr. Walker was an investment banking associate at Perella Weinberg Partners, a financial services firm, where he focused on merger and acquisitions and restructuring transactions across a range of industries. Prior to that role, from July 2007 to July 2009, Mr. Walker was a securities attorney in the Funds, Regulation, and Equity Derivatives practice at Cadwalader, Wickersham Taft, LLP, a law firm. Mr. Walker earned his M.B.A. from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business, a J.D. from New York University School of Law, and a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan. Mr. Walker is also a member of the Illinois Board of Trustees of The Nature Conservancy. We believe that Mr. Walker s experience in finance and biotechnology companies, as well as his experience as a member of the GreenLight Board, makes him qualified to serve on the Board. 
 Number and Terms of Officers and Directors 
 Our Board consists of seven members. In accordance with our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter ), the Board is divided into three classes. At each annual general meeting of stockholders, the successors to directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following the election. The directors are divided among the three classes as follows: 
 the Class I directors are Eric O Brien and Jennifer Pardi, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023. 

the Class II directors are Martha Schlicher and Matthew Walker, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024. 

the Class III directors are Andrey Zarur, Charles Cooney, and Ganesh Kishore, and their terms will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2025. 

We expect that any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. The division of the board of directors into three classes with staggered three-year terms may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control. 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 The Board has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and an environmental, social, governance, and impact committee. 
 Audit Committee 
 Martha Schlicher, Charles Cooney and Jennifer Pardi serve on our Audit Committee, which is chaired by Dr. Schlicher. Under the Nasdaq listing rules (the Listing Standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee. The rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be composed solely of directors who satisfy the heightened independence requirements for audit committee purposes. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee qualifies as an independent director for audit committee purposes under applicable rules. Furthermore, the Board has determined that each of Charles Cooney, Jennifer Pardi and Martha Schlicher is financially literate with the requisite financial expertise required under the applicable requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market and that Martha Schlicher qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. In arriving at this determination, the Board has examined each Audit Committee member's scope of experience and nature of their background in the corporate finance sector. 
 The primary purpose of the Audit Committee is to discharge the responsibilities of the Board with respect to our accounting, financial, and other reporting and internal control practices and to oversee our independent registered public accounting firm. Specifically, the Audit Committee has the responsibility to, among other things: 
 select, retain, compensate, evaluate, oversee and, where appropriate, terminate GreenLight s independent registered public accounting firm; 

review and approve the scope and plans for the audits and the audit fees and approve all non-audit and tax services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm; 

evaluate the independence and qualifications of GreenLight s independent registered public accounting firm; 

113 

review GreenLight s financial statements, and discuss with management and New GreenLight s independent registered public accounting firm the results of the annual audit and the quarterly reviews; 

review and discuss with management and GreenLight s independent registered public accounting firm the quality and adequacy of GreenLight s internal controls and GreenLight s disclosure controls and procedures; 

discuss with management GreenLight s procedures regarding the presentation of GreenLight s financial information, and review earnings press releases and guidance; 

oversee the design, implementation and performance of GreenLight s internal audit function, if any; 

set hiring policies with regard to the hiring of employees and former employees of GreenLight s independent registered public accounting firm and oversee compliance with such policies; 

review, approve and monitor related party transactions; 

review and monitor compliance with GreenLight s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and consider questions of actual or possible conflicts of interest of GreenLight s directors and officers; 

adopt and oversee procedures to address complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing matters, including confidential, anonymous submissions by GreenLight s employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters; 

review and discuss with management and GreenLight s independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy and effectiveness of GreenLight s legal, regulatory and ethical compliance programs; and 

review the Company's compliance with applicable laws and regulations and review and oversee the Company's policies, procedures and programs designed to promote and monitor legal, ethical and regulatory compliance; and 

review and discuss with management and GreenLight's independent registered public accounting firm GreenLight's guidelines and policies to identify, monitor and address enterprise risks. 

GreenLight s Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 Compensation Committee 
 Ganesh Kishore, Eric O Brien, Martha Schlicher and Matthew Walker serve on our Compensation Committee, which is chaired by Dr. Kishore. The Board has determined each member is a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Board has determined that each member of the Compensation Committee is independent under the Listing Standards. The primary purpose of the Compensation Committee is to discharge the responsibilities of the Board to oversee its compensation policies, plans and programs and to review and determine the compensation to be paid to its executive officers, directors and other senior management, as appropriate. Specifically, the Compensation Committee has the responsibility to, among other things: 
 
 review and approve or recommend to the Board for approval the compensation for GreenLight s executive officers, including GreenLight s chief executive officer; 

review, approve and administer GreenLight s employee benefit and equity incentive plans; 

advise the Board on stockholder proposals related to executive compensation matters; 

establish and review the compensation plans and programs of GreenLight s employees, and ensure that they are consistent with GreenLight s general compensation strategy; 

oversee the management of risks relating to executive compensation plans and arrangements; 

monitor compliance with any stock ownership guidelines, as applicable; 

approve the creation or revision of any clawback policy as applicable; 

select independent compensation consultants and assess whether there are any conflicts of interest with any of the committee s compensation advisors; 

114 

review and approve, or recommend that our Board approve, incentive compensation and equity plans, severance agreements, change-of-control protections and any other compensatory arrangements for our executive officers and other senior management, as appropriate; 

review and approve or recommend to the Board for approval non-employee director compensation; and 

review executive compensation disclosure in GreenLight s SEC filings and prepare the compensation committee report required to be included in GreenLight s annual proxy statement. 

GreenLight s compensation committee operates under a written charter, that satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 No member of the compensation committee was at any time during 2022, or at any other time, one of our officers or employees. None of our executive officers has served as a director or member of a compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any entity, one of whose executive officers served as a member of our board of directors or member of our compensation committee. 
 
 Environmental, Social, Governance and Impact Committee 
 Matthew Walker, Ganesh Kishore, and Jennifer Pardi serve on our Environmental, Social, Governance and Impact Committee, which is chaired by Mr. Walker. The Board has determined each member of the Environmental, Social, Governance and Impact Committee is independent under the Listing Standards. 
 
 GreenLight s Environmental, Social, Governance and Impact Committee has the responsibility to, among other things: 
 review, assess and make recommendations to the Board regarding desired qualifications, expertise and characteristics sought of board members; 

identify, evaluate, select or make recommendations to the Board regarding nominees for election to the Board; 

develop policies and procedures for considering stockholder nominees for election to the Board; 

review GreenLight s succession planning process for GreenLight s chief executive officer and any other members of GreenLight s executive management team; 

review and make recommendations to the Board regarding the composition, organization and governance of the Board and its committees; 

review and make recommendations to the Board regarding GreenLight s corporate governance guidelines and corporate governance framework; 

oversee director orientation for new directors and continuing education for New GreenLight s directors; 

oversee GreenLight s ESG and sustainability programs and related disclosures and communications; 

oversee the evaluation of the performance of the Board and its committees; 

administer policies and procedures for communications with the non-management members of the Board; 

oversee GreenLight's goals to positively effect society as a public benefit corporation, establish public benefit metrics, and review public benefit metrics and achievement; and 

oversee sustainability, environmental impact and social responsibility policies and practices. 

GreenLight s environmental, social, governance, and impact committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of the forms received by it during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and written representations that no other reports were required, we believe that each person who, at any time during such fiscal year, was a director, officer or beneficial owner of more than ten percent of the Company s Common Stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements 
 115 

during such fiscal year, except for (1) a non-timely Form 4 reporting a single transaction for each of Carole B. Cobb, Charles L. Cooney, Susan Keefe, David Kennedy, Amin Khan, Ganesh Kishore, Charu Manocha, Eric O Brien, Marta Ortega-Valle, Jennifer E. Pardi, Martha Schlicher, Mark Singleton and Matthew Alan Walker, (2) a non-timely Form 4 reporting a transaction for the acquisition of Company Options for Marta Ortega-Valle, and (3) a non-timely Form 3 reporting holdings for Matthew Walker, Eric O'Brien, Ganesh Kishore, PhD., Dr. Andrey Zarur, Carole Cobb, Susan E. Keefe, Marta Ortega-Valle, David Kennedy, Charles Cooney, PhD., Amin Khan, Martha Schlicher, PhD. and Jennifer Pardi. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Committee Charters 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees that complies with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq. Copies of our code of ethics and our Board committee charters are available on our website (https://www.greenlightbiosciences.com). You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request to us in writing at 29 Hartwell Avenue, Lexington, MA 02421. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. The information included on our website, or any of the websites of entities that we are affiliated with, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 The Charter limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), and the Bylaws provide that we will indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements, we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware, if the basis of the indemnitee s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever, including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in any completed, actual, pending or threatened action, suit, claim or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements also require us, if so requested, to advance within 30 days of such request all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred, provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 GreenLight aims to pay competitively to attract, develop and retain highly talented employees. We provide rewards for high performance and critical skills and design compensation programs and structures to provide transparency around what is expected, encourage and reward delivery of annual objectives that are aligned with our stockholders long-term interests, and ultimately, support the achievement of GreenLight s business strategy. GreenLight s executive compensation program consists primarily of base salaries, an annual performance-based bonus program, and our equity-based incentive compensation program under the GreenLight 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan (the GreenLight Equity Plan and the GreenLight 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which are described in more detail below. 
 This section provides an overview of GreenLight s executive compensation programs, including a narrative description of the material factors necessary to understand the information disclosed in the summary compensation table below. 
 At December 31, 2022, GreenLight's named executive officers are: 
 Andrey Zarur, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Carole B. Cobb, Chief Operating Officer 

Susan E. Keefe, Chief Financial Officer 

Amin Khan, Ph.D., Former Chief Scientific Officer 

116 

The following table presents information regarding the total compensation awarded to, earned by, and paid to our named executive officers for services rendered to us in all capacities for 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus ) (1) 

Option awards )(2) 

Non-equity incentive plan compensation )(3) 

All other compensation )(4) 

Total ) 

Dr. Andrey Zarur 
 
 2022 

575,000 

1,552 

576,552 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

500,000 

227,500 

279 

727,779 

Amin Khan, Ph.D. 
 
 2022 

440,000 

75,000 

1,524,034 

18,292 

2,057,326 

Former Chief Scientific Officer (5) 

Carole B. Cobb 
 
 2022 

440,000 

860,523 

2,362 

1,302,885 

Chief Operating Officer 
 
 2021 

425,000 

154,700 

279 

579,979 

Susan E. Keefe 
 
 2022 

415,000 

860,523 

1,424 

1,276,947 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2021 

380,000 

172,900 

279 

553,179 

(1) 
 The amount reported for Dr. Khan represents a second tranche to a signing bonus paid to him pursuant to the terms of the employment agreement between the Company and him. 

(2) 
 In accordance with SEC rules, this column reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock option awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2022, computed in accordance with FASB ASC 718. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value that will be realized by the named executive officer upon the vesting of the stock options, the exercise of the stock options, or the sale of the shares underlying such stock options. There were no stock options granted in the year ended December 31, 2021. For a description of the determination of the fair value of the stock option awards, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of GreenLight Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates Determination of the Fair Value of Common Stock . For additional information regarding the stock option awards, see Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022, Employment Arrangements with Officers and GreenLight 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan. 

(3) 
 The amounts reported represent performance-based cash bonuses based upon the achievement of goals for 2021. Performance-based goals for 2021 were earned in 2021 and paid in 2022. The performance-based goals for 2022 were earned in 2022 and paid in 2023. GreenLight s bonus program is more fully described below under the section titled GreenLight Executive Compensation Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation. 

(4) 
 These amounts represent life insurance premiums paid by GreenLight for the benefit of the named executive officers. The amount reported for Dr. Khan includes payment of accrued vacation. 

(5) 
 Dr. Khan was not a named executive officer during 2021. He was appointed Chief Scientific Officer of the Company in April 2021. Dr. Khan ceased to be an employee as of December 2, 2022. 

Base Salaries 
 Base salary is a fixed element within a total compensation package intended to attract and retain the talent necessary to successfully manage GreenLight s business and execute its business strategies. Base salaries for GreenLight s named executive officers are established based on the scope of their responsibilities, taking into account relevant experience, internal pay equity, tenure, GreenLight s ability to replace the individual, and other factors deemed relevant. 
 Base salaries for the named executive officers as of January 1, 2023 and 2022 were increased as follows: 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 2023 Base Salary 

2022 Base Salary 

Increase (Decrease) ) 

Andrey J. Zarur, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer and President 

575,000 

575,000 

Carole Cobb, M.B.A., Chief Operating Officer 

220,000 

440,000 

(220,000) 

Susan Keefe, M.B.A., Chief Financial Officer 

415,000 

415,000 

Amin Khan, Ph.D., Former Chief Scientific Officer 

440,000 

117 

Effective as of March 23, 2023, Ms. Cobb will be employed by the Company on a part-time basis and her base salary for 2023 was reduced accordingly to 220,000. 
 Ms. Keefe's 2023 base salary shall increase to 435,000 upon achievement of certain milestones by the Company. 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 At the beginning of 2022 and 2021, the GreenLight Board set the company goals for 2022 and 2021 with the objective of paying cash bonuses in 2023 and 2022 based on achievement of the 2022 and 2021 goals, respectively. Company goals consisted of both corporate development and product development goals to be measured and granted at the sole discretion of the GreenLight Board in 2023 and 2022. 
 Based on GreenLight's performance against the company goals for 2022 and in light of GreenLight's current cash position, the GreenLight Board determined to award each of the named executive officers 0 . Based on GreenLight s performance against the company goals for 2021, the GreenLight Board determined to award each of Dr. Zarur and Ms. Cobb 91 of his or her target bonus amount for that year and to award Ms. Keefe approximately 114 of her target bonus amount for that year. 
 The amounts in the Summary Compensation Table under the column Non-equity incentive plan compensation are based on each named executive officer s individual target bonus amount multiplied by the achievement percentage set by the GreenLight Board. 
 The target bonus amounts for the named executive officers under the employee bonus program, as a percentage of base salary, were increased as follows as of January 1, 2023 and 2022: 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 2023 Target Bonus Amount 

2022 Target Bonus Amount 

Increase ) 

Andrey J. Zarur, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer and President 

55 

55 

0 

Carole Cobb, M.B.A., Chief Operating Officer 

45 

45 

0 

Susan Keefe, M.B.A., Chief Financial Officer 

45 

45 

0 

Amin Khan, Ph.D., Former Chief Scientific Officer 

45 

Equity Based Incentive Awards 
 GreenLight s equity-based incentive awards are designed to more closely align GreenLight s interests and those of GreenLight s stockholders with those of GreenLight s employees and consultants, including GreenLight s named executive officers. The GreenLight Board is responsible for approving equity grants to GreenLight s employees and consultants, including GreenLight s named executive officers. 
 All options are granted with an exercise price per share that is no less than the fair market value of a share of GreenLight Common Stock on the date of grant of such award. GreenLight s stock option awards generally vest over a four-year period and may be subject to acceleration of vesting and exercisability under certain termination and change in control events. See Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 
 The following table provides information with respect to equity awards granted to GreenLight s named executive officers that remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The number of securities underlying unexercised options as of December 31, 2022 represent shares of our Common Stock, and such numbers and the associated exercise prices give effect to the conversion of such options upon the consummation of the Business Combination on February 2, 2022 into options to acquire shares of our Common Stock at an exchange ratio of 0.6656 (the Exchange Ratio shares of our Common Stock for each share of pre-Business Combination GreenLight Common Stock. 
 
 118 

Option awards (1) 

Name 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 

Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable 

Equity incentive plan awards: Number of underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 

Option exercise price ) (2) 

Option expiration date 

Dr. Andrey Zarur 
 
 10/16/2015 

70,319 

0.35 

7/22/2025 

9/13/2018 (3) 

926,330 

0.34 

9/13/2028 

12/29/2019 (3) 

1,590,867 

1,060,571 

0.50 

12/29/2029 

12/1/2020 (4) 

152,422 

140,228 

0.98 

12/1/2030 

12/1/2020 (5) 

953,472 

953,471 

0.98 

12/1/2030 

Amin Khan 
 
 3/25/2021 (5) 

232,959 

299,520 

1.24 

5/16/2023 

5/10/2022 (5) 

318,751 

7.96 

5/10/2023 

Carole B. Cobb 
 
 7/22/2015 (5) 

427,752 

0.35 

7/22/2025 

10/21/2016 (3) 

43,863 

0.35 

10/21/2026 

2/14/2018 (3) 

459,264 

0.34 

2/14/2028 

9/13/2018 (3) 

172,179 

15,652 

0.34 

9/13/2028 

12/29/2019 (3) 

304,529 

203,018 

0.50 

12/29/2029 

12/1/2020 (5) 

163,075 

163,068 

0.98 

12/1/2030 

5/10/2022 (5) 

180,000 

7.96 

5/10/2032 

Susan E. Keefe 
 
 5/10/2019 (3) 

341,928 

146,538 

0.50 

5/10/2029 

12/1/2020 (5) 

282,883 

282,876 

0.98 

12/1/2030 

5/10/2022 (5) 

180,000 

7.96 

5/10/2032 

(1) 
 All of the outstanding stock option awards were granted and subject to the terms of the GreenLight 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan, described below under - GreenLight 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan. 

(2) 
 The stock option awards were granted with a per share exercise price equal to the fair market value of one share of our Common Stock on the date of grant, as determined in good faith by the GreenLight Board. 

(3) 
 The stock option award vests as to 20 of the total number of shares subject to the award on the first anniversary of the vesting start date (which in some cases precedes the date of grant), and the remainder vests in 48 equal monthly installments thereafter. 

(4) 
 The stock option award is subject to performance-based vesting conditions. The award will vest as described in footnote (5) below, provided that GreenLight consummates a specified new investment (which for this purpose includes the Business Combination) by March 31, 2022. 

(5) 
 The stock option award vests as to 25 of the total number of shares subject to the award on the first anniversary of the vesting start date (which in some cases precedes the date of grant), and the remainder vests in 36 equal monthly installments thereafter. 

Employment Arrangements with Officers 
 
 Andrey Zarur, Ph.D. 
 GreenLight entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Dr. Andrey Zarur, dated May 25, 2015 (the Zarur Agreement which governs Dr. Zarur s role as President and Chief Executive Officer of GreenLight. Dr. Zarur s employment under the Zarur Agreement is at-will and will continue until terminated at any time by either party. Pursuant to the Zarur Agreement, Dr. Zarur was initially entitled to receive a specified annual base salary for 2015. Dr. Zarur s salary was most recently increased to 575,000 effective as of January 1, 2022. Dr. Zarur was also initially eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus equal to up to 40 of his base salary (which was increased to 55 effective as of January 1, 2022) and options to purchase shares of our Common Stock (as detailed in the Zarur Agreement), subject to vesting over five years. The Zarur Agreement provides for acceleration of vesting of any unvested options upon termination without Cause or for Good Reason (each, as defined in the Zarur Agreement) in connection with a Change of Control Event (as defined in the Zarur Agreement). Additional information regarding Dr. Zarur s outstanding option awards can be found under the section titled Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022. Dr. Zarur is also entitled to participate in GreenLight s employee benefit plans and paid time-off policies. 
 If Dr. Zarur s employment is terminated by GreenLight without Cause (as defined in the Zarur Agreement) or due to illness, accident or disability prohibiting him from performing his duties for three months in a 12-month period, or by Dr. Zarur for Good Reason (as defined in the Zarur Agreement), then Dr. Zarur will be entitled to severance equal to one year s salary 
 119 

payable over the succeeding 12-month period. If payments owed to Dr. Zarur at the time of termination would trigger the acceleration or increase of tax payable under Section 409A of the Code, GreenLight agreed to defer the commencement of such payments until the date that is at least six months following such termination, at which time GreenLight will pay Dr. Zarur a lump-sum payment equal to the cumulative amounts that would have otherwise been previously paid to Dr. Zarur during such period of deferral. Dr. Zarur s right to severance is contingent upon his execution of a general release of claims in favor of GreenLight and his continued compliance with his non-competition and confidentiality agreement with GreenLight. 
 
 Carole B. Cobb 
 GreenLight entered into an offer letter with Carole B. Cobb, dated July 21, 2015, that provides for her at-will employment as GreenLight s Senior Vice President of Operations. Ms. Cobb was subsequently named our Chief Operations Officer. The offer letter initially provided for Ms. Cobb to receive a specified annual base salary for 2015. Ms. Cobb s salary was most recently increased to 440,000 effective as of January 1, 2022. Ms. Cobb was also initially eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus equal to up to 30 of her annual base salary (which was increased to 45 effective as of January 1, 2022) and an option to purchase shares of our Common Stock, subject to vesting over five years. The offer letter provides for acceleration of vesting of any unvested options in the event of termination without Cause or by Ms. Cobb for Good Reason (each, as defined in the offer letter) in connection with a Change of Control Event (as defined in the offer letter). 
 If Ms. Cobb s employment is terminated by GreenLight without Cause (as defined in the offer letter) or by Ms. Cobb for Good Reason (as defined in the offer letter), she will be entitled to severance equal to three months salary, payable in a lump sum within seven days of her termination of employment. Ms. Cobb s right to severance is contingent upon her execution of a general release of claims in favor of GreenLight. Ms. Cobb is also entitled to participate in GreenLight s employee benefit plans and paid-time off policies. 
 
 Susan E. Keefe 
 GreenLight entered into an offer letter with Susan E. Keefe, dated May 1, 2019, that provides for her at-will employment as GreenLight s Chief Financial Officer. The offer letter provided for Ms. Keefe to receive a specified annual base salary for 2019. Ms. Keefe s salary was most recently increased to 415,000 effective as of January 1, 2022. Ms. Keefe was also initially eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus equal to up to 30 of her annual base salary (which was increased to 45 effective as of January 1, 2022), and an option to purchase shares of our Common Stock subject to vesting over five years. The offer letter provides for acceleration of vesting of any unvested options upon termination without Cause (as defined in the offer letter) in connection with a Change in Control Transaction (as defined in the offer letter). Pursuant to the offer letter, Ms. Keefe was also eligible to receive (and did receive) an additional option grant subject to performance milestones. If Ms. Keefe s employment is terminated by GreenLight without Cause (as defined in the offer letter) or by Ms. Keefe for good reason (as defined in the offer letter), she will be entitled to severance equal to six months salary payable over the six months following such termination. Ms. Keefe is also entitled to participate in GreenLight s employee benefit plans and paid time-off policies. 
 
 Amin Khan, Ph.D. 
 GreenLight entered into an offer letter with Mohammed Amin Khan (Amin) dated February 7, 2021, that provides for his at-will employment as GreenLight s Chief Scientific Officer. The offer letter provided for Dr. Khan to receive a specified annual base salary for 2021. Dr. Khan s salary was most recently increased to 413,000 effective as of January 1, 2022. Dr. Khan was also initially eligible to receive a discretionary annual bonus equal to up to 40 of his annual base salary (which was increased to 45 effective as of January 1, 2022), and an option to purchase shares of our Common Stock subject to vesting over four years. Dr. Khan was also entitled to participate in GreenLight s employee benefit plans and paid time-off policies. Dr. Khan ceased to be an employee of GreenLight as of December 2022 but continues to be engaged by GreenLight as an advisor. 
 
 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change of Control 
 Regardless of the manner in which a named executive officer s service terminates, that named executive officer is entitled to receive amounts earned during his or her term of service, including unpaid salary and unused vacation, as applicable. 
 Each named executive officer holds stock options granted subject to the general terms of the GreenLight 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, upon the consummation of the Business Combination, all stock options outstanding under the GreenLight 2012 Equity Plan were converted into stock options under the GreenLight Equity Plan. A description of the termination and change-in-control provisions in the GreenLight Equity Plan and applicable to the stock options granted to GreenLight s named executive officers is provided below under GreenLight 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan. 
 For additional information regarding potential payments and acceleration of stock options upon termination or change of control, see Employment Arrangements with Officers above. 
 120 

Benefits and Perquisites 
 GreenLight provides benefits to its named executive officers on the same basis as provided to all of its employees, including health, dental and vision insurance; life insurance; accidental death and dismemberment insurance; short-and long-term disability insurance; and a tax-qualified Section 401(k) plan for which no match is provided by GreenLight. 
 Retirement Benefits 
 GreenLight maintains a 401(k) retirement savings plan, for the benefit of employees, including its named executive officers, who satisfy certain eligibility requirements. The 401(k) plan provides eligible employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis. Under the 401(k) plan, eligible employees may elect to defer a portion of their compensation, within the limits prescribed by the Code and the applicable limits under the 401(k) plan, on a pre-tax or after-tax (Roth) basis, through contributions to the 401(k) plan. All of a participant s contributions into the 401(k) plan are 100 vested when contributed. The 401(k) plan is intended to qualify under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Code. As a tax-qualified retirement plan, pre-tax contributions to the 401(k) plan and earnings on those pre-tax contributions are not taxable to the employees until distributed from the 401(k) plan, and earnings on Roth contributions are not taxable when distributed from the 401(k) plan. GreenLight does not provide a match for participants elective contributions to the 401(k) plan, nor does GreenLight provide to employees, including its named executive officers, any other retirement benefits, including without limitation any tax-qualified defined benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement plans and nonqualified defined contribution plans. 
 
 New GreenLight 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan 
 The following is a summary of the material features of the New GreenLight Equity Plan (the Equity Plan ). This summary is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Equity Plan, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to this annual report. The Equity Plan has been adopted by the Board and approved by our stockholders. The Equity Plan became effective immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (the Equity Plan Effective Date ). The Equity Plan allows us to make equity and equity-based incentive awards, as well as cash awards, to employees, directors and consultants. The Board anticipates that providing such persons with a direct stake in the Company will assure a closer alignment of the interests of such individuals with those of the Company and its stockholders, thereby stimulating their efforts on the Company s behalf and strengthening their desire to remain with the Company. 
 
 Purposes of the Equity Plan 
 The purposes of the our Equity Plan are to attract and retain personnel for positions with us or any of our subsidiaries; to provide additional incentive to employees, directors, and consultants; and to promote the success of our business. These incentives will be provided through the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock unrestricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalent rights, and cash awards as the administrator of the Equity Plan may determine. 
 
 Eligibility 
 As of December 31, 2022 approximately 272 individuals are eligible to participate in the Equity Plan, which includes approximately 6 non-employee directors, 4 officers and 262 employees who are not officers. In addition, our consultants are also generally eligible to participate in the Equity Plan. 
 The awards that are to be granted to any participant or group of participants are indeterminable at the date of this annual report because participation and the types of awards that may be granted under the Equity Plan are subject to the discretion of the plan administrator. Consequently, no new plan benefits table is included in this annual report. 
 No awards may be granted under the Equity Plan after the date that is ten years from the Equity Plan Effective Date, and awards of incentive stock options may not be granted after the date that is ten years from the date the Equity Plan was approved by the Board. 
 
 Authorized Shares 
 We had initially reserved 31,750,000 shares of our Common Stock for issuance under the Equity Plan (the Initial Limit ), and shares subject to the Rollover Options count against this limit. The Equity Plan provides that the number of shares of our Common Stock reserved and available for issuance under the Equity Plan will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2023 and on each January 1 thereafter, by 4 of the outstanding number of shares of our Common Stock on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser amount as determined by the plan administrator (the Annual Increase ). As of the date of this report, the total shares of Common Stock available under the Equity Plan was increased by 6,063,487 shares of Common Stock as a result of the Annual Increase on January 1, 2023. This limit is subject to adjustment in the event of a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split or other similar change in our 
 121 

capitalization. The maximum aggregate number of shares of our Common Stock that may be issued upon exercise of incentive stock options under the Equity Plan may not exceed the Initial Limit cumulatively increased on January 1, 2023 and on each January 1 thereafter by the lesser of the Annual Increase or a number of shares of our Common Stock equal to twice the Initial Limit. Shares underlying any awards under the Equity Plan that are forfeited, cancelled, held back upon exercise of an option or settlement of an award to cover the exercise price or tax withholding, reacquired by us prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) will be added back to the shares available for issuance under the Equity Plan and, to the extent permitted under Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder, the shares may be issued as incentive stock options. In addition, to the extent consistent with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code, awards granted or stock issued upon assumption of, or in substitution or exchange for, awards previously granted by an entity that we acquire or merge with or into, shall not reduce the shares available for issuance under the Equity Plan, nor will the shares underlying such awards be added back to the shares available for issuance under the Equity Plan in the event of any forfeiture, cancelation, reacquisition, expiration, termination, cash settlement or non-issuance of such shares. 
 The Equity Plan contains a limitation whereby the value of all awards under the Equity Plan and all other cash compensation paid by the Company to any non-employee director may not exceed 375,000 in any calendar year, except that the limit will be 500,000 for the first calendar year a non-employee director is initially appointed to the Board. The foregoing limitation will be calculated without regard to amounts paid to any non-employee director (including retirement benefits and severance payments) in respect of any services provided in any capacity (including employee or consultant) other than as a non-employee director. The Board may make exceptions to this limit for a non-executive chair of the Board with the approval of a majority of the disinterested directors. 
 
 Plan Administration 
 The Equity Plan will be administered by the compensation committee of the Board, the Board or another board committee pursuant to the terms of the Equity Plan. The plan administrator, which initially is the compensation committee of the Board, will have full power to select, from among the individuals eligible for awards, the individuals to whom awards will be granted, to make awards to participants, and to determine the specific terms and conditions of each award, subject to the provisions of the Equity Plan. The plan administrator may, without the approval of our stockholders, reduce the exercise price of any outstanding stock option or stock appreciation right, effect the repricing of such awards through cancellation and re-grants, or cancel such awards in exchange for cash or other awards. The plan administrator s determinations under the Equity Plan need not be uniform. The plan administrator may delegate to one or more officers the authority to grant stock options and other awards to employees who are not subject to the reporting and other provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, subject to certain limitations and guidelines. Persons eligible to participate in the Equity Plan are the directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company and its affiliates as selected from time to time by the plan administrator in its discretion. 
 The Equity Plan requires the plan administrator to make appropriate adjustments to the number of shares of our Common Stock that are subject to the Equity Plan, to certain limits in the Equity Plan, and to any outstanding awards to reflect stock dividends, stock splits, extraordinary cash dividends and similar events. 
 
 Stock Options 
 The Equity Plan permits the granting of both options to purchase shares of our Common Stock intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code and options that do not so qualify. Options granted under the Equity Plan will be non-qualified options if they fail to qualify as incentive stock options or exceed the annual limit on incentive stock options. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 Non-qualified options may be granted to any persons eligible to receive awards under the Equity Plan. The option exercise price of each option will be determined by the plan administrator but generally may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant or, in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a ten percent stockholder, 110 of such share s fair market value on the date of grant. The term of each option will be fixed by the plan administrator and may not exceed ten years from the date of grant, subject to limited exceptions as described in the Equity Plan. The plan administrator will determine at what time or times each option may be exercised, including the ability to accelerate the vesting of such options. 
 Upon exercise of an option, the option exercise price must be paid in full either in cash, by certified or bank check or other instrument acceptable to the plan administrator or by delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of shares of our Common Stock that are beneficially owned by the optionee free of restrictions or were purchased in the open market. The exercise price may also be delivered by a broker pursuant to irrevocable instructions to the broker from the optionee. In addition, the plan administrator may permit options to be exercised using a net exercise arrangement that reduces the number of shares issued to the optionee by the largest whole number of shares with a fair market value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price. 
 
 Stock Appreciation Rights 
 122 

The plan administrator may award stock appreciation rights subject to such conditions and restrictions as it may determine. Stock appreciation rights entitle the recipient to receive shares of our Common Stock, or cash to the extent provided for in an award agreement, equal to the value of the appreciation in our Common Stock price over the exercise price. The exercise price generally may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The term of each stock appreciation right will be fixed by the plan administrator and may not exceed ten years from the date of grant, subject to limited exceptions as described in the Equity Plan. The plan administrator will determine at what time or times each stock appreciation right may be exercised. 
 
 Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Unrestricted Stock, Dividend Equivalent Rights 
 The plan administrator may award restricted shares of our Common Stock and restricted stock units subject to such conditions and restrictions as it may determine. These conditions and restrictions may include the achievement of certain performance goals and/or continued employment through a specified vesting period. The plan administrator may also grant shares of our Common Stock that are free from any restrictions under the Equity Plan. Unrestricted stock may be granted or sold to participants in recognition of past services or for other valid consideration and may be issued in lieu of cash compensation due to such participant. The plan administrator may grant dividend equivalent rights to participants that entitle the recipient to receive credits for dividends that would have been paid if the recipient had held a specified number of shares of our Common Stock. 
 
 Cash Awards 
 The plan administrator may grant cash-based awards under the Equity Plan to participants, subject to such vesting and other terms and conditions as the plan administrator may determine. 
 
 Payments by Participants 
 Participants in the Equity Plan are responsible for the payment of any federal, state, local or foreign taxes that the Company or its subsidiaries are required by law to withhold upon the exercise of options or stock appreciation rights or vesting of other awards. The plan administrator may cause any tax withholding obligation of the Company or its subsidiaries to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the applicable entity withholding from shares of our Common Stock to be issued pursuant to an award a number of shares with an aggregate fair market value that would satisfy the withholding amount due. The plan administrator may also require any tax withholding obligation of the Company or its subsidiaries to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by an arrangement whereby a certain number of shares issued pursuant to any award are immediately sold and proceeds from such sale are remitted to the Company or its subsidiaries in an amount that would satisfy the withholding amount due. 
 
 Non-Transferability of Awards 
 The Equity Plan generally does not allow for the transfer or assignment of awards, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a domestic relations order; however, the plan administrator may permit the transfer of nonstatutory stock options by option holders by gift to an immediate family member, to trusts for the benefit of family members, or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners. 
 
 Merger or Change in Control 
 The Equity Plan provides that upon the effectiveness of a change in control transaction, as defined in the Equity Plan, an acquirer or successor entity may assume, continue or substitute for the outstanding awards under the Equity Plan. To the extent that awards granted under the Equity Plan are not assumed, continued or substituted by the successor entity, all awards granted under the Equity Plan shall terminate and, in such case (except as may be otherwise provided in the relevant award agreement), all stock options and stock appreciation rights with time-based vesting conditions or restrictions that are not vested and/or exercisable immediately prior to the effective time of the change in control transaction shall become fully vested and exercisable as of immediately prior to the effective time of the transaction, all other awards with time-based vesting conditions or restrictions shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable as of immediately prior to the effective time of the transaction, and all awards with conditions and restrictions relating to the attainment of performance goals may become vested and nonforfeitable in connection with the change in control transaction in the plan administrator s discretion or to the extent specified in the relevant award agreement. In the event of such termination, individuals holding options and stock appreciation rights will, for each such award, either (a) receive a payment in cash or in kind for each share subject to such award that is exercisable in an amount equal to the per share value of the consideration payable to stockholders in the change in control transaction less the applicable per share exercise price (provided that, in the case of an option or stock appreciation right with an exercise price equal to or greater than the per share cash consideration payable to stockholders in the transaction, such option or stock appreciation right shall be cancelled for no consideration) or (b) be permitted to exercise such options and stock appreciation rights (to the extent exercisable) within a period of time prior to the transaction as specified by the plan administrator. The plan administrator shall also have the option (in its sole discretion) to make or provide for a payment, in cash or in kind, to participants holding other awards in an amount equal 
 123 

to the per share value of the consideration payable to stockholders in the change in control transaction multiplied by the number of vested shares under such awards. 
 
 Amendment or Termination 
 The plan administrator may establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures in order to facilitate grants of awards subject to the laws and/or stock exchange rules of countries outside of the United States. 
 All awards will be subject to any GreenLight clawback policy as set forth in such clawback policy or the applicable award agreement. 
 The Board may amend or discontinue the Equity Plan and the plan administrator may amend or cancel outstanding awards for purposes of satisfying changes in law or any other lawful purpose, but no such action may materially and adversely affect rights under an award without the holder s consent. Certain amendments to the Equity Plan will require the approval of our stockholders. 
 
 GreenLight 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The following is a summary of the principal features of the GreenLight 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan GreenLight ESPP and its operation. This summary does not contain all of the terms and conditions of the GreenLight ESPP and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the GreenLight ESPP, which is filed as an exhibit to this annual report. 
 The GreenLight ESPP has been adopted by the Board and approved by our stockholders. It is the intention of the Board that the GreenLight ESPP qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423 of the Code. The Board believes that the adoption of the GreenLight ESPP will benefit us by providing employees with an opportunity to acquire shares of our Common Stock and will help us to attract, retain and motivate valued employees. 
 
 Purpose 
 The purpose of the GreenLight ESPP is to provide eligible employees with an opportunity to purchase shares of our Common Stock through accumulated contributions, which generally will be made through payroll deductions. The GreenLight ESPP permits the administrator of the GreenLight ESPP to grant purchase rights that qualify for preferential tax treatment under Section 423 of the Code. In addition, the GreenLight ESPP authorizes the grant of purchase rights that do not qualify under Code Section 423 pursuant to rules, procedures or sub-plans adopted by the administrator that are designed to achieve desired tax or other objectives. 
 
 Shares Available for Issuance 
 We have initially reserved 2,000,000 shares of our Common Stock for issuance under the GreenLight ESPP. The GreenLight ESPP provides that the number of shares of our Common Stock reserved and available for issuance under such plan will automatically increase each January 1, beginning on January 1, 2023 and on each January 1 thereafter, by the least of 4,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, 4 of the outstanding number of shares of our Common Stock on the immediately preceding December 31, or such lesser amount as determined by the plan administrator. This limit is subject to adjustment in the event of a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split or other similar change in our capitalization. 
 
 Administration 
 The GreenLight ESPP will be administered by the compensation committee of the Board, the Board or another board committee pursuant to the terms of the GreenLight ESPP. The plan administrator, which initially is the compensation committee of the Board, has full authority to make, administer and interpret such rules and regulations regarding the GreenLight ESPP as it deems advisable. 
 Eligibility 
 Any employee of New GreenLight or one of its affiliates or subsidiaries that has been designated to participate in the GreenLight ESPP is eligible to participate in the GreenLight ESPP so long as the employee is customarily employed for at least 20 hours a week and more than five months in a calendar year. No person who owns or holds, or as a result of participation in the GreenLight ESPP would own or hold, our Common Stock or options to purchase our Common Stock that together equal 5 or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of capital stock of New GreenLight or any parent or subsidiary thereof is entitled to participate in the GreenLight ESPP. No employee may be granted an option under the GreenLight ESPP that permits the employee s rights to purchase our Common Stock to accrue at a rate of more than 25,000 (determined using the fair market value of the stock at the time such option is granted) in any calendar year. 
 124 

Participation in the GreenLight ESPP is limited to eligible employees who authorize payroll deductions equal to a whole percentage of base pay for allocation to the GreenLight ESPP. Employees may authorize payroll deductions with a minimum of 1 of base pay and a maximum of 15 of base pay. As of December 31, 2021, approximately 281 employees would be eligible to participate in the GreenLight ESPP. Once an employee becomes a participant in the GreenLight ESPP, that employee will automatically participate in successive offering periods, as described below, until such time as that employee withdraws from the GreenLight ESPP, becomes ineligible to participate in the GreenLight ESPP, or his, her or their employment ceases. 
 
 Offering Periods and Purchase Periods 
 Unless otherwise determined by the plan administrator, each offering of our Common Stock under the GreenLight ESPP will be for a period of six months, which is referred to as an offering period. The first offering period under the GreenLight ESPP will begin and end on such date or dates as determined by the plan administrator. Subsequent offerings under the GreenLight ESPP will generally begin on the first business day occurring on or after each January 1 and July 1 and will end on the last business day occurring before the following July 1 and January 1, respectively. Shares are purchased on the last business day of each offering period, with that day being referred to as an exercise date. The plan administrator may establish different offering periods or exercise dates under the GreenLight ESPP. The GreenLight ESPP will include a component, or the 423 Component, that is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Code Section 423, and a component that does not comply with Code Section 423, or the Non-423 Component. For purposes of this summary, a reference to the GreenLight ESPP generally will mean the terms and operations of the 423 Component. 
 Except as may be permitted by the plan administrator in advance of an offering, a participant may not increase or decrease the amount of his, her or their payroll deductions during any offering period but may increase or decrease his, her or their payroll deduction with respect to the next offering period by filing a new enrollment form within the period beginning 15 business days before the first day of such offering period and ending on the day prior to the first day of such offering period. A participant may withdraw from an offering period at any time without affecting his, her or their eligibility to participate in future offering periods. If a participant withdraws from an offering period, that participant may not again participate in the same offering period, but may enroll in subsequent offering periods. An employee s withdrawal will be effective as of the next business day following the date that the plan administrator receives the employee s written notice of withdrawal under the GreenLight ESPP. 
 
 Exercise of Purchase Right 
 On the exercise date of each offering period, the employee is deemed to have exercised the option, at the exercise price, for the lowest of (i) a number of shares of our Common Stock determined by dividing such employee s accumulated payroll deductions or contributions on such exercise date by the exercise price; (ii) the number of shares of our Common Stock determined by dividing 25,000 by the fair market value of our Common Stock on the first day of such offering period; or (iii) such lesser number as established by the plan administrator in advance of the offering. The exercise price is equal to the lesser of (i) 85 the fair market value per share of our Common Stock on the first day of the offering period or (ii) 85 of the fair market value per share of our Common Stock on the exercise date. The maximum number of shares of our Common Stock that may be issued to any employee under the GreenLight ESPP in a calendar year is a number of shares of our Common Stock determined by dividing 25,000 by the fair market value of our Common Stock, valued at the start of the offering period, or such other lesser number of shares as determined by the plan administrator from time to time. 
 
 Termination of Participation 
 In general, if an employee is no longer a participant on an exercise date, the employee s option will be automatically terminated, and the amount of the employee s accumulated payroll deductions will be refunded. 
 
 Non-Transferability 
 A participant will not be permitted to transfer rights granted under the GreenLight ESPP other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and such rights are generally exercisable during the lifetime of the participant only by the participant. 
 
 Merger or Change in Control 
 In the case of and subject to the consummation of a change in control, the plan administrator, in its discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, may take any one or more of the following actions under the GreenLight ESPP or with respect to any right under the GreenLight ESPP or to facilitate such transactions or events: (a) provide for either (i) termination of any outstanding option in exchange for an amount of cash, if any, equal to the amount that would have been obtained upon the exercise of such option had such option been currently exercisable or (ii) the replacement of such outstanding option with other options or property selected by the plan administrator in its sole discretion; (b) provide that the outstanding options under the GreenLight ESPP shall be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, 
 125 

or shall be substituted for similar options covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of securities and prices; (c) make adjustments in the number and type of shares of our Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding options under the GreenLight ESPP and/or in the terms and conditions of outstanding options and options that may be granted in the future; (d) provide that the offering with respect to which an option relates will be shortened by setting a new exercise date on which such offering will end; and (e) provide that all outstanding options shall terminate without being exercised and all amounts in the accounts of participants shall be promptly refunded. 
 
 Amendment; Termination 
 The GreenLight ESPP will automatically terminate on the tenth anniversary of the effective date of the GreenLight ESPP. The New GreenLight Board may, in its discretion, at any time, terminate or amend the GreenLight ESPP. However, without the approval within 12 months of such New GreenLight Board action by the stockholders, no amendment shall be made to the GreenLight ESPP increasing the number of shares specifically approved to comply with the requirements of Section 423(b) of the Code or any other changes to the components of the GreenLight ESPP intended to comply with the requirements of Section 423(b) of the Code that would require stockholder approval in order for the GreenLight ESPP, as amended, to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under Section 423(b) of the Code. 
 
 GreenLight Director Compensation 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference in this section of this Annual Report to GreenLight, we, us or our refer to GreenLight and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and to New GreenLight and its consolidated subsidiaries following the Business Combination. 
 GreenLight currently has no formal policy under which non-employee directors receive compensation for their service on the GreenLight Board or its committees. Certain non-employee directors receive cash fees for their service as a director of GreenLight. GreenLight s policy is to reimburse non-employee directors for reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending board and committee meetings or performing other services in their capacities as non-employee directors, and GreenLight occasionally grants stock options to non-employee directors. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 The following table provides information regarding the compensation of each person serving as a director of GreenLight for 2022, other than Dr. Zarur, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Zarur does not receive any compensation for service in his capacity as a director. His compensation as a named executive officer is set forth above in Executive Compensation. 
 2022 Director Compensation Table 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 

Option Award ) (1) 

All Other Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Dr. Charles Cooney 

429,528 

429,528 

Dr. Ganesh Kishore 

293,234 

293,234 

Eric O'Brien 

293,234 

293,234 

Dr. Martha Schlicher 

293,234 

293,234 

Jennifer E. Pardi 

293,234 

293,234 

Matthew Walker 

293,234 

293,234 

(1) 
 In accordance with SEC rules, this column reflects the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock option awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2022, computed in accordance with FASB ASC 718. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value that will be realized by the named executive officer upon the vesting of the stock options, the exercise of the stock options, or the sale of the shares underlying such stock options. 

Non-Employee Director Compensation 
 The Board expects to review director compensation periodically to ensure that director compensation remains competitive so that GreenLight will be able to recruit and retain qualified directors. In 2022, no cash compensation was paid to any director. Each non-employee director of the Company was granted a stock option award to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 65,000 stock options and 95,000 stock options in the case of the chairman, which awards vests in (i), vests in 12 equal quarterly installments and (ii) vests in 4 equal quarterly installments, subject to continued service through such vesting dates. 
 
 126 

Compensation Risk Assessment 
 We believe that although a portion of the compensation provided to our executive officers is performance-based, our executive compensation program does not encourage excessive or unnecessary risk taking. This is primarily because its compensation programs are designed to create a greater focus on long-term value creation while balancing the need to meet shorter-term goals. The framework and goals of our annual performance-based incentive plan are consistent for all employees. Further all compensation decisions for our officers are approved by the Compensation Committee, while the Chief Executive Officer s compensation requires further approval by the Board. 
 In addition, the Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving the design, goals and payouts under our annual bonus plan and equity incentive program for our named executive officers. The Compensation Committee directly engages an independent compensation consultant who advises on market competitive and best practices, as well as any potential risks related to its compensation programs. This includes pay mix, compensation vehicles, pay for performance alignment, performance measures and goals, payout maximums, vesting periods and Compensation Committee oversight and independence. Based on all the factors mentioned, we believe our compensation policies, programs and practices do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Principal Stockholders 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table summarizes our equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column a) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2022 Equity and incentive plan 

23,051,188 

2.35 

7,905,273 

2022 Employee stock purchase plan 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

23,051,188 

2.35 

7,905,273 

The following table provides information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 15, 2023 by: 
 
 each person known by GreenLight to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of GreenLight Common Stock; 

named executive officers of GreenLight 

each director of GreenLight; 

all directors and executive officers of GreenLight as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if the person possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days after March 15, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, GreenLight believes that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the voting securities beneficially owned by them. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table is Company's address set forth on the first page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The beneficial ownership of GreenLight Common Stock is based on 151,681,314 shares of GreenLight Common Stock issued and outstanding as of March 15, 2023: 
 
 127 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Number 

Percentage 

Five Percent or Greater Holders 

Builders Vision, LLC (1) 

22,348,123 

14.7 

Morningside Venture Partners (2) 

16,919,153 

11.2 

Fall Line Endurance Fund, LP (3) 

11,452,834 

7.6 

Kodiak Venture Partners (4) 

9,809,898 

6.5 

Cormorant Asset Management, LP (5) 

9,188,659 

6.1 

Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Matthew Walker (1)(6) 

22,453,565 

14.8 

Eric O'Brien (3)(7) 

11,494,501 

7.6 

Ganesh Kishore (8)(7) 

5,860,242 

3.9 

Dr. Andrey Zarur (9) 

5,147,591 

3.4 

Carole Cobb (10) 

1,704,450 

1.1 

Susan E. Keefe (10) 

769,449 

Charles Cooney (11) 

365,514 

Amin Khan (10) 

255,146 

Martha Schlicher (7) 

41,667 

Jennifer Pardi (7) 

41,667 

All directors and executive officers as a group 

48,517,942 

31.7 

Indicates beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) 
 The amount shown and the following information are derived from the Schedule 13 G/A filed on February 14, 2023 by Builders Vision, LLC, reporting beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2022. Includes (a) 11,551,245 shares held by S2G Builders Food Agriculture Fund III, LP Fund III ); (b) 2,087,043 shares held by S2G Ventures Fund I, L.P. Fund I ); (c) 8,582,284 shares held by S2G Ventures Fund II, L.P Fund II ); and (d) 127,551 shares held by Builders GRNA Holdings, LLC. SPV and, together with Fund I, Fund II and Fund III, the S2G Funds ). Builders Vision, LLC is the Manager of Funds I, II and SPV, and the General Partner of Fund III, and has power to vote or direct the voting of shares held by the S2G Funds. The General Partners of Fund I and Fund II are S2G Ventures, LLC and S2G Ventures II, LLC, respectively (collectively, S2G Ventures ). Mr. Walker, a director of GreenLight, is a Managing Director of Builders Vision, LLC, the impact platform founded by Lukas T. Walton, which includes S2G Ventures. By virtue of the foregoing, S2G Ventures, LLC, S2G Ventures II, LLC, Mr. Walker and Mr. Walton may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) the shares of GreenLight Common Stock held by the S2G Funds and SPV. Mr. Walker and Mr. Walton each disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares of GreenLight Common Stock except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. The business address for Builders Visions, LLC is 110 N.W. 2nd Street, Suite 300, Bentonville, Arkansas 72712. 

(2) 
 The amount shown and the following information are derived from Form 4 filed on August 15, 2022 by Morningside Venture Investments LTD. Includes (a) 15,919,155 shares held by Morningside Venture Investments Limited, and (b) 1,000,000 shares held by MVIL, LLC (together with Morningside Venture Investments Limited, Morningside ). Frances Anne Elizabeth Richard, Jill Marie Franklin, Peter Stuart Allenby Edwards and Cheung Ka Ho are the directors of Morningside and have shared voting power over the securities held by Morningside. Each of these individuals disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares owned by Morningside. The address of Morningside is c/o THC Management Services S.A.M., 2nd Floor, Le Prince de Galles, 3-5 Avenue des Citronniers, MC 98000, Monaco. 

(3) 
 Represents shares held by Fall Line Endurance Fund, LP Fall Line ). Mr. Eric O Brien, a director of GreenLight, is the co-founder and Managing Director of Fall Line and has the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, the shares of GreenLight Common Stock held by Fall Line. By virtue of the foregoing, Mr. O Brien may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) the shares of GreenLight Common Stock held by Fall Line. Mr. O Brien disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares of GreenLight Common Stock except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. The business address of Fall Line and Mr. O Brien is 119 South B Street, Suite B, San Mateo, CA 94401. 

(4) 
 Includes (a) 9,573,157 shares held by Kodiak Venture Partners III, L.P., and (b) 236,741 shares held by Kodiak III Entrepreneurs Fund, L.P. (together with Kodiak Venture Partners III, L.P. Kodiak ). Kodiak Ventures Management III, L.P. Kodiak Ventures is the General Partner for Kodiak, Kodiak Venture Management (GP), LLC is the General Partner for Kodiak Ventures and Kodiak Ventures Management Company, Inc. is the Member of Kodiak Ventures Management (GP), LLC Kodiak Ventures Management ). Mr. David Furneaux is the Chief Executive Officer of Kodiak Ventures Management Company, Inc. Each therefore has the power to vote, or direct the voting of, the shares of our Common Stock held by Kodiak. By virtue of the foregoing, each of Kodiak Ventures Management and Mr. Furneaux may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) our Common Stock held by Kodiak. 

128 

Mr. Furneaux disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares of our Common Stock except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. The business address for Kodiak, Kodiak Ventures Management and Mr. Furneaux is 11 Peter Grover Road, Bethel, Maine 04217. 

(5) 
 The amount shown and the following information are derived from the Schedule 13 G/A filed on February 14, 2023 by Cormorant Asset Management, LP, reporting beneficial ownership as of December 31, 2022. Includes (a) 4,751,020 shares of GreenLight Common Stock held by Cormorant Global Healthcare Master Fund, LP Master Fund ), and (b) 4,437,639 shares of GreenLight Common Stock held by Cormorant Private Healthcare Fund II, LP Fund II ). Cormorant Global Healthcare GP, LLC and Cormorant Private Healthcare GP II, LLC serve as the general partners of the Master Fund and Fund II, respectively. Cormorant Asset Management, LP serves as the investment manager to Master Fund and Fund II. Bihua Chen serves as the Managing Member of Cormorant Global Healthcare GP, LLC, Cormorant Private Healthcare GP II, LLC and the general partner of Cormorant Asset Management, LP (together with Master Fund and Fund II, the Cormorant Entities ). By virtue of the foregoing, each of Bihua Chen and the Cormorant Entities may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) the shares held by each of the relevant Cormorant Entities. Each of Bihua Chen and the Cormorant Entities disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of her or its pecuniary interest therein. The business address of each of Bihua Chen and the Cormorant Entities is 200 Clarendon St., 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 

(6) 
 Includes (a) 63,775 shares of GreenLight Common Stock held by Mr. Walker and (b) 41,667 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(7) 
 Includes 41,667 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(8) 
 Represents shares held by MLS Capital Fund II, L.P. MLS ). Mr. Kishore, a director of GreenLight, is a Co-Manager of MLSCF II (GP) (Labuan), LLP, the General Partner of MLS, and has the power to vote, or to direct the voting of, the shares held by MLS. By virtue of the foregoing, Mr. Kishore may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own (as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) the shares held by MLS. Mr. Kishore disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. The business address of MLS and Mr. Kishore is c/o Spruce Capital Partners LLC, 660 4th Street, #295, San Francisco, California 94107. 

(9) 
 Includes (a) 896,058 shares of GreenLight Common Stock held by Dr. Zarur and (b) 4,251,533 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(10) 
 Represents shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(11) 
 Includes (a) 305,514 shares of GreenLight Common Stock held by Dr. Cooney and (b) 60,000 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 Policies and Procedures Regarding Related Transactions 
 We have a written related party transaction policy that sets forth the following policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related party transactions. Our policy requires us to avoid, wherever possible, Related Party Transactions (as defined below) that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the Board or the Audit Committee of the Board. 
 A Related Party Transaction is any transaction, arrangement, or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements, or relationships, in which (a) the Company (or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries) is or will be a participant, (b) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any fiscal year, and (c) any Related Party has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A Related Party means (i) any current or former (since the beginning of the last fiscal year for which the Company has filed an Annual Report on Form 10-K) director or executive officer of the Company, (ii) any director nominee, (iii) security holders known to the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of any class of the Company s voting securities, (iv) the immediate family members (as defined below) of any of the persons listed in items (i) (iii), or other persons identified from time to time under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. A Related Party s immediate family members includes any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter- in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law or any other person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such Related Party. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board has the responsibility for administering such policy and reviewing and approving any Related Party Transactions. In reviewing any Related Party Transaction, the Audit Committee will take into account, among other factors that it deems appropriate, whether the Related Party Transaction is being undertaken in the ordinary course of business, whether transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available in a transaction with an unaffiliated third-party under the same or similar circumstances, the purpose of and potential benefits to the Company of the Related Party Transaction, and the extent of the Related Party s interest in the Related Party Transaction. We will not enter into any such transaction unless the Audit Committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of 
 129 

such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Additionally, we require each of our directors and officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related transaction. 
 These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 
 
 Certain Related Transactions 
 Below are our Related Party Transactions since January 1, 2022, to which we have been a party, other than compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements which are described in the section titled Executive Compensation . 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement 
 On January 13, 2021 ENVI entered into the Business Combination Marketing Agreement with Canaccord, an affiliate of CG Investments Inc. VI, a Canadian corporation Sponsor ), pursuant to which ENVI engaged Canaccord as an advisor in connection with a business combination, to assist ENVI in arranging meetings with its stockholders to discuss the potential business combination and the target business attributes, introduce ENVI to potential investors that may be interested in purchasing ENVI securities, assist in obtaining stockholder approval for the business combination and assist with the preparation of ENVI press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. For such services, ENVI agreed to will pay Canaccord upon the consummation of a business combination, including the Business Combination, a cash fee in an amount equal to 3.76 of the gross proceeds of the initial public offering (or 7,783,200) (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Marketing Agreement, no fee would have been paid if ENVI did not complete a business combination. At the closing of the Business Combination, the parties agreed to reduce the cash fee to 5.8 million, and such amount was paid. 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement 
 Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, ENVI, the initial stockholders and certain stockholders of GreenLight, entered into the Investor Rights Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the initial stockholders and such stockholders of GreenLight were granted certain registration rights, in each case subject to, and conditioned upon and effective as of, the effective time of the Merger. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, GreenLight was obligated to file a registration statement to register the resale of certain shares of GreenLight Common Stock within 45 days after the closing of the Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement for a period of up to three years from its date of effectiveness. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement and subject to certain requirements and conditions, including with regard to the number of demand rights that may be exercised, the February 2022 PIPE Investors who are parties to the Investor Rights Agreement may demand at any time or from time to time that GreenLight file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or on Form S-1 if Form S-3 is not available) to register the resale of the securities of GreenLight held by such holders, including certain rights to conduct underwritten offerings and registered block trades. The Investor Rights Agreement also provides such holders with certain piggy-back registration rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. 
 The Investor Rights Agreement will terminate on the earliest of (i) the fifth anniversary of the Effective Time, (ii) the date on which neither the stockholders party thereto nor any of their permitted assignees holds any securities registrable thereunder, (iii) certain acquisitions of New GreenLight or substantially all of its assets and (iv) its liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 
 The Investor Rights Agreement amended and restated the previous registration rights agreement by and among the Company and certain of the initial stockholders in connection with the Company s initial public offering. 
 
 Business Combination Arrangements 
 Certain of GreenLight s stockholders, directors and executive officers entered into agreements with ENVI in connection with Business Combination. The agreements described in this section, or forms of such agreements, are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and forms a part, and the following descriptions are qualified by reference thereto. These agreements include: 
 the February 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements, which were executed and delivered by the following holders of more than 5 of GreenLight s outstanding capital stock or an affiliate thereof: S2G Builders Food Agriculture Fund III, LP (an affiliate of Builders Vision, LLC), Morningside, Fall Line, and MLS Capital Fund II, L.P. MLS ); 

Subscription Agreements for the February 2022 PIPE Financing 
 130 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement and in November 2021, ENVI entered into the Subscription Agreements (the February 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements with each of the investors named therein (the February 2022 PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the February 2022 PIPE Investors subscribed for and purchased, and the Company issued and sold to the February 2022 PIPE Investors an aggregate of 12,425,000 shares of ENVI Class A Common Stock at a price of 10.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 124,525,000. The shares of ENVI Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the February 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements were not registered under the Securities Act and were issued in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The February 2022 PIPE Financing was contingent upon, among other things, the substantially concurrent closing of the Business Combination. In connection with the Business Combination, all of the issued and outstanding shares of ENVI Class A Common Stock, including the shares of ENVI Class A Common Stock issued in the February 2022 PIPE Financing, and all of the issued and outstanding ENVI Class B Common Stock became shares of GreenLight Common Stock. 
 February 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements were executed by the following holders of GreenLight s outstanding capital stock or an affiliate thereof, as follows: 

Name 
 
 Number of Shares 

Subscription Amount 

S2G Builders Food Agriculture Fund III, LP (1) 

1,500,000 

15,000,000 

Morningside Venture Investments Limited 

1,000,000 

10,000,000 

Fall Line Endurance Fund, LP 

700,000 

7,000,000 

MLS Capital Fund II, LP 

75,000 

750,000 

(1) 
 S2G Builders Food Agriculture Fund III, LP is an affiliate of Builders Vision, LLC. 

The February 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements granted the February 2022 PIPE Investors certain resale registration rights in connection with the February 2022 PIPE Financing. The Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC within 30 days after the February 2022 PIPE Closing to register the resale of the shares acquired in the February 2022 PIPE Financing. The Company agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable after filing but no later than the earlier of (i) the 60th day (or 90th day if the SEC notifies the Company that it will review the registration statement) following the February 2022 PIPE Closing and (ii) the 10th business day after the date the Company is notified by the SEC that the registration statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review. 
 
 Subscription Agreements for the August 2022 PIPE Financing 
 Concurrently with the execution of the subscription agreements, dated August 11, 2022 (the August 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements ), entered into with certain investors named therein (the August 2022 PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which the August 2022 PIPE Investors subscribed for and purchased, and the Company issued and sold to the August 2022 PIPE Investors, an aggregate of 27,640,301 shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price per share of 3.92 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 108.3 million. 
 The shares of our Common Stock issued pursuant to the August 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements were not registered under the Securities Act and were issued in reliance upon the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 The August 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements were executed by the following affiliated stockholders, or stockholders holding more than 5 of the Company s outstanding capital stock as of August 11, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Number of Shares 

Subscription Amount 

Builders Vision, LLC (1) 

6,505,102 

25,500,000 

Morningside Venture Partners 

3,061,224 

12,000,000 

Fall Line Endurance Fund, LP 

2,551,020 

10,800,000 

Cormorant Asset Management, LP 

2,551,020 

10,000,000 

Matthew A. Walker 

63,775 

249,998 

(1) 
 S2G Builders Food Agriculture Fund III, LP and Builders GRNA Holdings, LLC are each affiliates of Builders Vision, LLC. 

The August 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements grant the August 2022 PIPE Investors certain resale registration rights in connection with the August 2022 PIPE Financing. The Company agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC within 45 days after the August 2022 PIPE Closing to register the resale of the shares acquired in the August 2022 PIPE Financing. The Company agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable after filing but no later than the earlier of (i) the 90th calendar day (or 120th calendar day if the SEC notifies the 
 131 

Company that it will review the Registration Statement) or (ii) the 10th business day after the date the Company is notified by the SEC that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review. The shares issued under the August 2022 PIPE Subscription Agreements are registered under Registration No. 333-267619. 
 
 Fall Line Lease Agreement 
 The Company is party to a Lease Agreement (the Farmland Lease with Mendocino View Farm, LLC, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fall Line Endurance Fund, LP Fall Line ). Fall Line is a greater than 5 shareholder of the Company and Eric O Brien, a director on the Company s Board of Directors, is the co-founder and Managing Director of Fall Line. Pursuant to the terms of the Farmland Lease, the Company is leasing approximately 81.25 acres of farmland for research and development purposes at an annual rental rate of 90,000 plus operating expenses (NNN lease). The initial term of the Farmland Lease is ten years commencing on January 1, 2023, subject to an option to extend for an additional ten years. Under the Farmland Lease, the Company agreed to pay 350,000 as additional rent, payable in two installments of 175,000 on each of January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2024. Fall Line provided the Company an allowance of 70,000 towards tenant improvements. Either party under the Farmland Lease may terminate the Farmland Lease subject to a termination fee of 200,000. Finally, the Company has a right of first offer to purchase the leased farmland in the event Fall Line intends to sell all or any portion of the leased farmland. 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 Indemnification under our Charter and Bylaws; Indemnification Agreements 
 The Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter and the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws provide that GreenLight will indemnify its directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), subject to certain exceptions. In addition, the Charter provides that our directors will not be liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty to the maximum extent permitted by the DGCL. 
 GreenLight entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors. The indemnification agreements provide the indemnitees with contractual rights to indemnification, and expense advancement and reimbursement, to the maximum extent permitted under the DGCL, subject to certain exceptions contained in those agreements. 
 
 Director Independence 
 Current Nasdaq listing guidelines require that a majority of our Board be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an executive officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of our Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgement in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The Board has determined that each individual who serves on the Board, other than Dr. Zarur, qualifies as an independent director under the Listing Standards. In making such independence determination, our Board considered the relationships that each non-employee director has with us and all other facts and circumstances that our Board deemed relevant in determining their independence. 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 We regularly review the services and fees of Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm. These services and fees are also reviewed by the Audit Committee on an annual basis. The aggregate fees billed for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of the following categories of services are as follows: 

Fees 
 2022 

2021 

Audit Fees (1) 
 
 1,475,536 

2,074,967 

Audit Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 
 
 1,895 

1,895 

Total Fees 
 
 1,477,431 

2,076,862 

132 

(1) 
 Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of year-end consolidated financial statements, reviews of quarterly interim financial statements and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, as well as fees incurred in connection with the preparation and filing of registration statements with the SEC. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

(2) 
 Audit related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of year-end consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) 
 Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

(4) 
 All other fees consist of an annual license fee for the use of accounting research software. 

133 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (1) For a list of the financial statements included herein, see Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, incorporated into this Item by reference. 

(2) Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits: 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2021, by and among Environmental Impact Acquisition Corp., Honey Bee Merger Sub, Inc., and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus included in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated January 13, 2021, between Environmental Impact Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Commercial Lease, dated April 27, 2009, by and between Cummings Properties, LLC and GreenLight Biosciences Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2021, as amended). 

10.2 
 
 License and Sponsored Research Agreement, dated April 2010, between Yissum Research Development Company of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem LTD and Beeologics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Assignment Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, by and between Beeologics, Inc. and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2021). 

10.4+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated May 25, 2015, between GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. and Andrey Zarur (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.5+ 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated July 21, 2015, between GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. and Carole Cobb (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.6+ 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated April 29, 2019, between GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. and Susan Keefe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.7+ 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated February 7, 2021, between GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. and Amin Khan. 

134 

10.8 
 
 Grant Agreement, dated July 20, 2020, by and between the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21(a) to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Amendment to Grant Agreement, dated July 20, 2020, by and between the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21(b) to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Development and Option Agreement, dated August 24, 2020, by and between Acuitas Therapeutics, Inc. and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Non-Exclusive License Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, by and between Acuitas Therapeutics, Inc. and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Assignment and License Agreement dated December 10, 2020 by and between Bayer CropScience LLP and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Master Equipment Financing Agreement, dated March 29, 2021, by and between Trinity Capital Inc. and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2021, as amended). 

10.14 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, by and Among Environmental Impact Acquisition Corp., and the signatories identified on Schedule A attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Annex F to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus included in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated September 22, 2021, by and between Silicon Valley Bank and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated September 22, 2021, by and between Silicon Valley Bank and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.17 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated September 30, 2021, by and between ARE-NC Region No. 17 LLC and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2021). 

10.18 
 
 Master Services Agreement, dated November 24, 2021, between Samsung Biologics Co., LTD. and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 6, 2021). 

10.19 
 
 Product Specific Agreement, dated November 24, 2021, between Samsung Biologics Co., LTD. and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021). 

10.20 
 
 Venture Loan and Security Agreement, dated December 10, 2021, between Horizon Technology Finance Corporation, Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP, and GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021). 

10.21 
 
 Form of 2021 Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21, 2020). 

10.22 
 
 Form of 2022 Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 10, 2022). 

10.23+ 
 
 GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2022). 

10.24+ 
 
 GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 12, 2022). 

10.25+ 
 
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement under the GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021). 

10.26+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC 2022 Equity and Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021). 

135 

10.27+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021). 

10.28+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2021). 

10.29 
 
 License Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, between GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. and Serum Institute of India Private Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 5, 2022). 

10.30 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated March 9, 2022 between ARE-MA Region No.8, LLC GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. 

10.31 
 
 Collaboration and License Agreement, by and between the Company and EpiVax Therapeutics, Inc., dated January 8, 2023 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to the Annual Report) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Certain identified information has been excluded from this exhibit because either (a) the information is both not material and the type of information that the Registrant treats as private or confidential or (b) disclosure of such information would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 136 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES HOLDINGS, PBC 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrey J. Zarur 

Dr. Andrey J. Zarur 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Andrey J. Zarur 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Dr. Andrey J. Zarur 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Susan Keefe 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Susan Keefe 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Dr. Charles Cooney 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Dr. Charles Cooney 

/s/ Dr. Ganesh Kishore 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Dr. Ganesh Kishore 

/s/ Eric O Brien 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Eric O Brien 

/s/ Jennifer E. Pardi 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Jennifer E. Pardi 

/s/ Dr. Martha Schlicher 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Dr. Martha Schlicher 

/s/ Matthew Walker 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Matthew Walker 

137 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 7 

F- 1 

REPOR T OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC, and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company adopted the FASB s standard related to leases, Accounting Standard Update 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) , using the modified retrospective approach with an effective date of January 1, 2022. 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and expects continuing operating losses for the foreseeable future that raise substantial doubt exists about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 28, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 F- 2 

GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES HOLDINGS, PBC 
 Consolidated Balanc e Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Restricted cash 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Convertible debt 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Long-term debt, current portion 

Deferred revenue 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 

Other liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 17) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 

GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES HOLDINGS, PBC 
 Consolidated Statements of O perations 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

REVENUE: 

License and collaboration revenue 

Grant revenue 

Total revenue 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Restructuring expense 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

() 

() 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest and other income (expense), net 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

Net loss before income tax 

() 

() 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average common stock outstanding basic and diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 4 

GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES HOLDINGS, PBC 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockho lders Equity (Deficit) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

COMMON STOCK PAR VALUE 

ADDITIONAL PAID-IN 

ACCUMULATED 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) 

SHARES 

AMOUNT 

CAPITAL 

DEFICIT 

EQUITY 

Balances at January 1, 2021 

() 

Vesting of restricted stock awards 

Exercise of Legacy Series A convertible preferred stock warrant 

Warrants issued in connection with debt 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Exercise of common stock options 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Cashless exercise of Legacy GreenLight preferred stock warrants 

Cashless exercise of Legacy GreenLight common stock warrants 

Reclassification of Legacy Greenlight common stock warrants to equity 

Conversion of convertible notes 

Conversion of convertible notes - PIPE Investors 

Business Combination transaction, net of transaction costs of million 

Vesting of restricted stock awards 

Exercise of public warrants 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Common stock issued pursuant to PIPE financing, net of transaction costs of million 

Exercise of common stock options 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 5 

GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES HOLDINGS, PBC 
 Consolidated Statement of Ca sh Flows 
 (In thousands) 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Non-cash interest expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

Change in operating lease right of use asset 

Other non-cash (income) and expense 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses, lease liabilities and other liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Deferred rent 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from business combination, net of transaction costs 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt - PIPE Investors 

Exercise of public warrants 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock pursuant to PIPE Financing, net of transaction costs 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Proceeds from secured debt, net of issuance costs and security deposits 

Proceeds from secured term loan, net of issuance costs 

Principal payments on debt 

() 

() 

Repayments of tenant improvement allowance 

() 

Principal payments on finance lease obligations 

() 

() 

Payments of deferred offering costs 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH-FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Property and equipment included in accrued expenses and accounts payable 

Conversion of debt to equity 

Warrant liabilities assumed in Business Combination 

Common stock warrant liabilities reclassified to equity 

Legacy GreenLight cashless warrant exercise 

Deferred financing costs in accrued expenses and accounts payable 

Non-cash debt issuance costs 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES HOLDINGS, PBC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (the Exchange Ratio ). In connection with the Business Combination, the Company entered into subscription agreements with subscribers who agreed to purchase an aggregate of shares of Class A common stock for a purchase price of million (the PIPE ), all of which were issued on the effective date. Of the total million of PIPE proceeds, million was received in December 2021 and million was received in January 2022 in the form of convertible notes. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, these convertible notes converted into Class A common stock. In total, the Company received proceeds of million inclusive of the PIPE and after redemptions which provided the Company with cash of million, which is net of transaction costs of million consisting of equity underwriting, legal, and other professional fees, all of which were recorded to additional paid in capital as a reduction of proceeds. Further, the Company assumed the outstanding Public Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at per share and the outstanding Private Placement Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Class A common stock at per share. The Public and Private Placement Warrants expire after the completion of the Business Combination. Both the Private Placement Warrants and Public Warrants are further described in the Business Combination Agreement. Legacy GreenLight was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination. The determination was primarily based on Legacy GreenLight's stockholders having a majority of the voting power in the combined Company, Legacy GreenLight having the ability to appoint a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company, Legacy GreenLight s existing management team comprising the senior management of the combined Company, Legacy GreenLight comprising the ongoing operations of the combined Company and the combined Company assuming GreenLight s name. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Legacy GreenLight issuing stock for the net assets of ENVI, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of ENVI are stated at historical cost, with goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Futhermore, the historical financial statements of Legacy GreenLight became the historical financial statements of the combined Company upon the consummation of the Business Combination. As a result, the financial statements included in this report reflect (i) the historical operating results of Legacy GreenLight prior to the Business Combination; (ii) the combined results of ENVI and Legacy GreenLight following the close of the Business Combination; (iii) the assets and liabilities of Legacy GreenLight at their historical cost; and (iv) Legacy GreenLight s equity structure for all periods presented, as affected by the recapitalization presentation after completion of the Business Combination. In accordance with guidance applicable to these circumstances, the equity structure has been restated in all comparable periods up to February 2, 2022, to reflect the number of shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, issued to Legacy GreenLight s stockholders in connection with the Business Combination. As such, the shares and corresponding capital amounts and earnings per share related to Legacy GreenLight s outstanding convertible preferred stock and Legacy GreenLight's common stock prior to the Business Combination have been retroactively restated as shares reflecting the exchange ratio of established in the Business Combination. Legacy GreenLight s convertible preferred stock previously classified as temporary equity was retroactively adjusted, converted into common stock and reclassified to permanent equity as a result of the reverse recapitalization. See Note 3 - Business Combination for further details of the Business Combination. Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC regarding interim financial reporting. Any reference in these notes to applicable guidance is meant to refer to the authoritative United States generally accepted accounting principles as found in the Accounting Standards Codification ASC and Accounting Standards Updates ASU of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Business Combination Transaction On August 9, 2021, the Company entered into the business combination agreement Business Combination Agreement with Environmental Impact Acquisition Corp. ENVI and Honey Bee Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub ). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, on February 2, 2022, Merger Sub merged with and into GreenLight (the Merger ), with GreenLight surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of ENVI (the Merger, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination ). Immediately before the closing of the Business Combination, ENVI held approximately million in a trust account for its public stockholders. In connection with the Business Combination, ENVI s public stockholders redeemed shares of public common stock for approximately million, and the funds remaining after such redemptions, totaling approximately million, became available to finance transaction expenses and the future operations of New GreenLight. In connection with the Business Combination, ENVI entered into agreements with new investors and existing GreenLight investors to subscribe for and purchase an aggregate of approximately million shares of ENVI Class A Common Stock (the PIPE Financing ). The PIPE Financing was consummated on February 2, 2022 and resulted in gross proceeds of approximately million, prior to payment of the transaction costs (of which million was advanced to GreenLight as of December 31, 2021 and an additional million was advanced to GreenLight in January 2022). The direct and incremental transaction costs were approximately million, with the net proceeds from the Business Combination of approximately million. The Merger is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, whereby for accounting and financial reporting purposes, the Company was the acquirer. A reverse recapitalization does not result in a new basis of accounting, and the financial statements of the combined entity represent the continuation of the consolidated financial statements of the Company in many respects. The shares of ENVI remaining after redemptions of shares of ENVI public common stock and the unrestricted net cash and cash equivalents on the date the Business Combination was consummated are accounted for as a capital infusion to GreenLight. Retrospective Adjustment In accordance with guidance applicable to these circumstances, the Company retroactively applied the recapitalization to the Company s equity structure including the consolidated statement of stockholders (deficit) equity from all periods presented, the total stockholders (deficit) equity within the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the weighted average outstanding shares basic and diluted for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 as filed in Form 8 K/A with the SEC on March 31, 2022. The retroactive application reflects the equivalent number of shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, issued to Legacy GreenLight s stockholders in connection with the Business Combination at the applicable exchange ratio of 0 (the Exchange Ratio ). Additionally, Legacy GreenLight s convertible preferred stock previously classified as temporary equity was retroactively adjusted, converted into common stock and reclassified to permanent equity as a result of the reverse recapitalization. All periods prior to the Business Combination have been restated to reflect the convertible preferred stock as converted to common stock, with no convertible preferred stock outstanding. Liquidity and going concern Since its inception, the Company has devoted substantially all of its resources to building its platform and advancing development of its portfolio of programs, establishing, and protecting its intellectual property, conducting research and development activities, organizing, and staffing the Company, business planning, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these operations. The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties common to early-stage companies in the biotechnology industry, including, but not limited to, technical risks associated with the successful research, development and manufacturing of product candidates, development by competitors of new technological innovations, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology, compliance with government regulations and the ability to secure additional capital to fund operations. Current and future programs will require significant research and development efforts, including extensive field trials, preclinical and clinical trials, and regulatory approvals prior to commercialization. These efforts require significant amounts of additional capital, adequate personnel, and infrastructure. Even if the Company s development efforts are successful, it is uncertain when, if ever, the Company will realize significant revenue from product sales. As presented in the financial statements, the Company has incurred substantial losses since inception and incurred net losses of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. Cash used in operating activities totaled million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company expects to generate operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future. As of the issuance date of the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company estimates that its existing cash and cash equivalents of million as of December 31, 2022 will last through the second quarter of 2023 but will not be sufficient to fund its operations for twelve months from the date these financial statements are issued. The Company is evaluating a range of opportunities to extend its cash runway, including management of program spending, platform licensing collaborations, and potential financing activity. The Company will not generate any revenue from product sales unless and until it successfully completes development and obtains regulatory approval for one or more of its product candidates. If the Company obtains regulatory approval for any of its product candidates, it expects to incur significant expenses related to developing its internal commercialization capability to support product sales, marketing, and distribution. As a result, the Company will need substantial additional funding to support its operating activities as it advances its product candidates through development, seeks regulatory approval and prepares for and, if any of its product candidates are approved, proceeds to commercialization. Until such time as the Company can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, the Company expects to finance its operating activities through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, and license and development agreements in connection with any future collaborations. Adequate funding may not be available to the Company on acceptable terms, or at all. If the Company is unable to obtain funding or if the funding it does obtain is insufficient to support its current operational plans, the Company will be forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate some or all of its research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect its business prospects, or the Company may be unable to continue operations. Although management continues to pursue these plans, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining sufficient funding on terms acceptable to the Company to fund continuing operations, if at all. Based on its recurring losses from operations incurred since inception, expectation of continuing operating losses for the foreseeable future, and need to raise additional capital to finance its future operations, the Company has concluded that there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 F- 9 

million and million, respectively. All of the Company s cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts with Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), and subsequent to March 10, 2023, with Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A., almost all of which is in money market funds purchased pursuant to sweep account agreements with SVB, as agent. 
 million and million, respectively, are classified as a noncurrent asset in the consolidated balance sheets based on the terms of the lease agreement. 

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that reflect the Company s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

 Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. To the extent that the valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised by the Company in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
 years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 years 

Laboratory equipment 
 years 

Computer equipment and software 
 years 

Leasehold improvements 

Property and equipment subject to a finance lease are depreciated over the shorter of the useful life or the term of the lease. Construction in progress is stated at cost, which includes direct costs attributable to the setup or construction of the related asset. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the assets and related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Company s statement of operations. 
 million. There were implementation costs capitalized as of December 31, 2021. The Company amortizes these costs on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software, which is , beginning when the asset is substantially ready for use. The amortization expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately thousand. The amortization of capitalized software development costs is reflected in general and administrative expenses. 
 impairment indicators were identified. 
 
 and the estimated costs. Any variable consideration is allocated specifically to one or more performance obligations in a contract when the terms of the variable consideration relate to the satisfaction of the performance obligation and the resulting amounts allocated are consistent with the amounts we would expect to receive for the satisfaction of each performance obligation. The consideration allocated to each performance obligation is recognized as revenue when control is transferred for the related goods or services, which is either over time or at a point in time. Revenue is recognized over time if either (i) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the entity s performance, (ii) the entity s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced, or (iii) the entity s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Company and the Company has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. If the entity does not satisfy a performance obligation over time, the related performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time by transferring the control of a promised good or service to the customer. For contracts that include a license of intellectual property IP ), the Company applies judgment to determine if the license of IP is distinct from other promises in the contract. License of IP that are determined to be distinct from other promises in the contract are recognized as revenue at a point in time when the license of IP is transferred to the customer and the customer can use and benefit from the license. For licenses of IP that are combined with other promises in a contract, the Company uses judgment to assess the nature of the combined performance obligation to determine whether the combined performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time and, if over time, the appropriate method of measuring progress. The Company evaluates the measure of progress each reporting period and, if necessary, adjusts the measure of performance and related revenue recognition. Determining the revenue recognition of a license of IP requires significant judgment and is discussed further for the Company s license and collaboration agreements in Note 4, License Agreement . At the inception of a contract that includes development or regulatory milestone payment, the Company evaluates the probability of reaching the milestones and estimates the amount to be included in the transaction price using the most likely amount method. If it is probable a significant reversal of revenue would not occur in the future, the associated milestone value is included in the transaction price. Milestone payments that are not within the Company s control or the licensee s control, such as milestone payments for regulatory approvals, are not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received. Therefore, related revenue associated with the milestone payment is constrained as management is unable to assert that a significant reversal of revenue would not be possible. At the end of each subsequent reporting period, the Company re-evaluates the probability of achievement of such development and regulatory milestone payments and any constraints applied, and if necessary, adjusts its estimate of the overall transaction price. Any such adjustments are generally recorded on a cumulative catch-up basis, which would affect revenues and earnings in the period of adjustment. Development or regulatory milestone payments are allocated either among the various performance obligations included in a contract on a relative standalone selling price basis, or to one or more specific performance obligations to which the milestone payment primarily relates. For contracts that include commercial milestone payments, which are based on the achievement of future sales, and sales-based royalties, if the license is determined to be the predominant item to which the commercial milestones and royalties relate, the Company recognizes revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or all of the milestone or royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or partially satisfied). ASC 606 requires entities to record a contract asset when a performance obligation has been satisfied or partially satisfied, but the amount of consideration has not yet been received because the receipt of the consideration is conditioned on something other than the passage of time. ASC 606 also requires an entity to present a revenue contract as a contract liability in instances when a customer pays consideration, or an entity has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (e.g. receivable), before the entity transfers a good or service to the customer. 

yield is based on the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends on common stock and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

million. Deferred offering costs include certain legal, accounting, consulting and other third-party fees incurred directly related to the anticipated business combination. At the closing of the Business Combination, these costs were recorded in stockholders deficit as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 
 for the first time in this 2022 annual report on Form 10-K, with an effective date of January 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective approach and utilizing the effective date as its date of initial application. The Company was permitted to use the non-public business entity adoption date and Topic 842 permits non-public business entities to first adopt the leasing standard in an annual period rather than an interim period. As a result, prior period financial statements continue to be presented in accordance with ASC 840. The Company used the optional transition method to the modified retrospective approach in which Topic 842 will not be applied to comparative periods presented and incremental disclosures are not required for periods before the Company s adoption of Topic 842. The Company has elected this transition approach as well as the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard, which allowed the Company to not reassess certain items upon adoption, including (i) whether any existing contracts are or contain leases, (ii) the classification or existing leases and (iii) initial direct costs for existing leases. The adoption of the lease standard did not have an impact on the Company s previously reported consolidated financial statements. The Company also elected the following practical expedients: (i) combining lease and non-lease components for all asset classes and (ii) leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheets, and the associated lease payments are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As a result of implementing this guidance, the Company recorded a operating right-of-use asset of million and an operating lease liabilities of million, respectively, as of January 1, 2022 and also derecognized total deferred rent liabilities and unamortized lease incentives of million that existed as of December 31, 2021. The adoption of ASC 842 did not result in a cumulative-effect adjustment on retain earnings. Finance leases, which primarily relate to equipment, were largely unchanged. There was no significant change to the Company s consolidated statements of operations resulting from the adoption of this standard. See Note 16 - Leases for additional details. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at inception. Our lease agreements are generally for office and laboratory facilities under operating leases and certain equipment under financing leases, and the determination of whether such agreements contain leases generally does not require significant estimates or judgments. Our leases may also contain non-lease components such as payments of maintenance, utilities, and taxes, which we have elected to account for separately, as these amounts are readily determinable. For leases with terms greater than 12 months, the Company records a related right-of-use ROU asset and lease liability at the present value of lease payments over the term, discounted using our incremental borrowing rate IBR over the lease term (or, if readily determinable, the rate implicit in the lease). Many leases include fixed rental escalation clauses, renewal options and/or termination options that are factored into the determination of lease payments when appropriate. The right-of-use asset is measured at cost, which includes the initial measurement of the lease liability and initial direct costs incurred and excludes lease incentives. The lease term used to measure right-of-use lease assets and lease liabilities may include renewal options which are deemed reasonably certain to be exercised. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments are expensed as incurred. Prior to January 1, 2022, the Company accounted for leases under Accounting Standards Codification 840, Leases ASC 840 ). At lease inception, the Company determined if an arrangement was an operating or capital lease. For operating leases, the Company recognized rent expense, inclusive of rent escalations, holidays and lease incentives, on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The difference between rent expense recorded and the amount paid was recorded as deferred rent. The Company classified deferred rent as current and noncurrent liabilities based on the portion of the deferred rent that was scheduled to mature within the next twelve months. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with an expected credit loss model and requires a financial asset measured at amortized cost to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. This new standard is effective for the Company in the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2023 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach, with certain exceptions. We plan to adopt this standard on January 1, 2023. We believe the adoption of this standard will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Upon the closing of the Business Combination, the Company's certificate of incorporation was amended and restated to, among other things, increase the total number of authorized shares of all classes of capital stock to shares, of which were designated as common stock and were designated as preferred stock, both having a par value of per share. Upon the closing of the Business Combination, holders of Legacy GreenLight common stock and preferred stock received shares of common stock in an amount determined by application of the Exchange Ratio. Legacy GreenLight additionally converted all of its convertible notes, including both the GLPRI issued convertible notes and the PIPE prepayment notes, to shares of common stock. For periods prior to the Business Combination, the reported share and per share amounts have been retroactively converted by applying the Exchange Ratio. The consolidated assets, liabilities, and results of operations prior to the Business Combination are those of Legacy GreenLight. 

Cash - PIPE Investors, including proceeds from conversion of Convertible notes - PIPE Investors 

Gross proceeds 

Less: total transaction costs 
 
 () 

Less: cash proceeds from Convertible notes - PIPE Investors 
 
 () 

Add: transaction costs paid in 2021 

Cash proceeds from Business Combination received in 2022 

Less: transaction costs paid in 2021 
 
 () 

Less: warrant liabilities assumed 
 
 () 

Less: net liabilities assumed in the Business Combination 
 
 () 

Reverse merger, net of transactions costs 

Less: Redemption of ENVI shares 
 
 () 

ENVI Public Shares 

ENVI Sponsor Shares 

Shares issued in PIPE financing 

Business combination and PIPE financing shares 

Legacy GreenLight shares (1) 

Total shares of common stock immediately after Business Combination 

(1) - The number of Legacy GreenLight shares was determined from the shares of Legacy GreenLight outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination converted at the Exchange Ratio. All fractional shares were rounded down. 
 Public Warrants The Company concluded that following the close of the transaction, the Public Warrants met the criteria for equity classification. As of the Closing Date, the shares of Public Warrants were classified as equity in accordance with the accounting policy described within Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and recognized in additional paid-in capital. Private Placement Warrants As of the Closing Date, the total value of the liability associated with the Private Placement Warrants was million. The Company concluded that the shares of Private Warrants met the definition of a liability in accordance with the accounting policy described within Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and have been classified as such on the balance sheet. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the warrant liability was million. 

 million technology access fee. Under the Development and Option Agreement, the Company may reserve up to three specified targets Reserved Targets for development of therapeutic products related to such targets, using the Acuitas LNP Technology. In order to reserve a Reserved Target, the Company must provide a target reservation notice to Acuitas and must pay a target reservation and maintenance fee of million per target per contract year. For each Reserved Target, the Company may also reserve up to three additional vaccine or antibody targets meant to be included within the same product as the Reserved Target Additional Targets ), which incur additional target reservation fees per contract year. Under the Development and Option Agreement, the Company is required to maintain at least one Reserved Target. Under the Development and Option Agreement, the Company has the right to exercise a license option to develop and commercialize one or more therapeutic products relating to each Reserved Target. In the event that the Company exercises the options, the Company will pay million for the first non-exclusive license, approximately million for the second non-exclusive license and approximately million for the third non-exclusive license. Under the terms of the Development and Option Agreement, the Company is also responsible for the full-time employee funding obligations and reimbursements to Acuitas for certain development and material costs incurred by them, which totaled approximately million in 2021. The Company incurred an insignificant amount of full-time employee funding obligations reimbursable to Acuitas for the year ended December 31, 2022. In January 2021, the Company exercised the first option under the Development and Option Agreement and entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with Acuitas (the Acuitas License Agreement ), under which the Company was granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license under the Acuitas LNP Technology to research, develop, manufacture, and commercially exploit vaccine products consisting of certain of the Company s mRNA constructs and Acuitas' LNP technology. In connection with the option exercise, the Company paid Acuitas an option exercise fee of million. Under the Acuitas License Agreement, the Company is required to pay Acuitas an annual license maintenance fee of million for the first and second targets and million for the third target until the Company achieves a particular development milestone. Acuitas is entitled to receive potential clinical and regulatory milestone payments in the low double-digit millions for this exercised option. With respect to the sale of each licensed product, the Company is also obligated to pay Acuitas percentage royalties in the low single digits on net sales of the licensed products by the Company and its affiliates and sublicensees in a given country until the last to occur, in such country, of (i) the expiration or abandonment of all licensed patent rights covering the licensed product, (ii) expiration of any regulatory exclusivity for the licensed product, or (iii) ten years from the first commercial sale of the licensed product. The option exercise fee under the Development and Option Agreement was recorded as research and development expense upon the Company s exercise of the first option. Additionally, the technology access fees, target reservation and maintenance fees, expenses associated with the full-time employee funding obligations and reimbursements for development and material costs incurred by Acuitas are recorded as research and development expense when incurred. The annual maintenance fee will be recorded as an expense on an annual basis based on the stated amount for the applicable year. Upon determination that a milestone payment is probable to occur, the amount of the milestone payment will be recorded as research and development expense. As the triggering of these milestone payments was not considered probable as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, expense has been recorded during these periods. The royalty payment is contingent upon sales of licensed products under the Acuitas License Agreement. As such, when such expenses are considered probable and estimable at the commencement of sales, the Company will accrue royalty expense for the amount the Company is obligated to pay. The Company recorded research and development expenses, consisting of a license maintenance fee, the technology access fees, an option exercise fee, target reservation and maintenance fees, and technology maintenance fees of approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 In , the Company entered into a License Agreement (the Agreement with Serum Institute of India Private Limited SIIPL ), pursuant to which the Company granted SIIPL an exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-bearing license to use the Company s proprietary technology platform to develop, manufacture and commercialize up to mRNA products in all territories other than the United States, the 27 member states of the European Union, the United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, New Zealand, Canada, South Korea, China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan (the SIIPL Territory ). The first licensed product target will be a shingles product target, and SIIPL has an option to select the additional licensed product targets through the end of 2024. Under the terms of the Agreement with SIIPL, the Company will provide research services related to the shingles product target to develop a proof of concept and will provide manufacturing technology transfer services. In addition, GreenLight retains the option to purchase research and clinical trial data, developed by SIIPL, for of the cost of the research studies and clinical trials for use in the Company s own development. SIIPL is responsible for the development, formulation, filling and finishing, registration and commercialization of the products in the SIIPL Territory, subject to oversight from a joint steering committee composed of representatives of the Company and SIIPL. SIIPL will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and obtain regulatory approval for the products in the countries in the SIIPL Territory. The License Agreement includes terms customary in the industry for provisions related to sublicensing, intellectual property, and termination, and customary representations and warranties of GreenLight and SIIPL, along with certain customary covenants, including confidentiality, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions. Pursuant to the License Agreement, SIIPL will pay the Company an upfront license fee of million, as well as payments upon additional target selection and reservation of exclusivity. The Company may receive up to a total of an additional million in development, regulatory and commercial (net sales) based milestone payments across all three product targets, as well as manufacturing technology transfer payments up to million. SIIPL shall pay royalty payments in the mid-double digits, based on the net sales of products resulting from the licensed technology for the term of the License Agreement. The License Agreement shall terminate on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis on the later of the expiration of the patent rights owned by the Company or the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of the applicable product(s) in the applicable country. The Company has determined that the Agreement falls within the scope of ASC 606, Revenue Recognition, ASC 606 as it includes a customer-vendor relationship as defined by ASC 606 and thus represents a contract with a customer. The Company has determined that the license of IP granted is not distinct from the research services, which includes manufacturing technology transfer services, and thus should be combined. The Agreement contains a single performance obligation for the combined License of IP and research services. Revenue from the contract is being recognized over time, using an input-method based on labor costs as a percentage of total expected labor costs. The Company has determined that variable consideration from the development and regulatory payments of up to million, as well as the remaining million of the manufacturing technology transfer payment, in the Agreement should be fully constrained as of December 31, 2022, and commercial milestones and royalties will be recognized in the period the underlying sales occur. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded revenue of million from the Agreement and the remaining amount of billed and unconstrained consideration is recorded as deferred revenue. Based on current estimated timelines, the Company expects to recognize the deferred revenue over approximately 12 months and is classified as current in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

Total assets measured at fair value 

Liability 

Warrant liabilities 

Total liabilities measured at fair value 

DESCRIPTION 
 
 DECEMBER 31, 2021 

QUOTED PRICES IN ACTIVE MARKETS FOR IDENTICAL ASSETS (LEVEL 1) 

SIGNIFICANT OBSERVABLE INPUTS (LEVEL 2) 

SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE INPUTS (LEVEL 3) 

in thousands) 

Asset 

Money market funds 

Total assets measured at fair value 

Liability 

Warrant liabilities 

Convertible debt 

Total liabilities measured at fair value 

Money market funds were valued by the Company based on quoted market prices, which represent a Level 1 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. There have been transfers between fair value levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The carrying values of other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The fair value of the common stock warrant liabilities was determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the assumptions as disclosed in Note 11 - Warrants . These assumptions include significant judgments including the fair value of the underlying common stock and volatility. An increase or decrease in the estimated fair value or changes in volatility will result in increases or decreases in the fair value of the warrant liabilities and such changes could be material. The carrying value of the Term Loan with Horizon Bank and the Term Loan with Silicon Valley Bank term loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 approximates their respective fair values as the interest rate approximates the market rate for loans with similar terms and risk characteristics. The carrying value of the equipment financing does not approximate its fair value because the instrument bears interest at a rate that is not compared to those available to the Company for a similar instrument as of December 31, 2022. The Company estimated the fair value of the equipment financing using a discounted cash flow analysis and prevailing market terms as of December 31, 2022. The carrying value and fair value of the equipment financing was million and million as of December 31, 2022. The carrying value of the equipment financing as of December 31, 2021 approximates the fair value as the interest rate approximates the market rate for loans with similar terms and risk characteristics. The Company estimated the fair value of the convertible debt using a discounted cash flow analysis and prevailing market terms as of December 31, 2021. The carrying value and fair value of the convertible debt was million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. There was outstanding convertible debt as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of the convertible debt was determined using Level 3 inputs. See Note 10 - Debt for further detail of all outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022. 

Issuance of common stock warrant 

Change in fair value 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Warrants exercised in business combination 

() 

Warrants reclassified to equity 

() 

Change in fair value of warrants 

() 

Warrants assumed in business combination 

Balance December 31, 2022 

F- 21 

million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had received the entire grant award, of which approximately million was received during the year ended December 31, 2020, and the remaining approximately million was received during the year ended December 31, 2021. The grant funds are to be used for the sole purpose of research for in vivo gene therapy for sickle cell disease and to explore new, low-cost capabilities for the in vivo functional cure of sickle cell and or durable suppression of HIV in developing countries. The Company incurred research and development costs of approximately million and million associated with this grant for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has recognized revenue of approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unearned balance of approximately and million is recorded as deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we ceased any ongoing research work under such grant and are in the process of closing out all related activities and returning any remaining unused funds to the Gates Foundation. The Company has recorded million in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 as we are required to return all unspent funds to the Gates Foundation. 

Laboratory equipment 

Manufacturing and farm equipment 

Computer hardware and software 

Furniture and fixtures 

Construction in progress 

Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, property and equipment, net included finance leased assets of approximately million and million, respectively, with accumulated amortization of approximately million and million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately million and million respectively, within the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million of leasehold improvements have been funded through tenant incentive allowances associated with leases signed in September 2021 and March 2022 related to laboratory, office and greenhouse spaces. 

Accrued research and development 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued other 

Total accrued expenses 

F- 22 

- 

() 

Term Loan Silicon Valley Bank 

() 

Term Loan Horizon 

() 

Finance Lease 

Total Debt 

() 

Less: current portion 

() 

Total long-term 

A summary of the outstanding debt as of December 31, 2021 is as follows (in thousands): 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 

DESCRIPTION 
 
 ISSUANCE DATE(S) 
 
 MATURITY DATE(S) 
 
 STATED INTEREST RATE 

PRINCIPAL BALANCE OUTSTANDING 

UNAMORTIZED DEBT DISCOUNT 

DEBT BALANCE 

Trinity Equipment Financing 

- 

() 

Term Loan Silicon Valley Bank 

() 

Term Loan Horizon 

() 

Capital Lease 

Total Debt 

() 

Less: current portion, net of current portion of debt discount 

() 

Total long-term 

Convertible Note PIPE Investors 

Convertible Notes 

() 

() 

Total debt and convertible notes 

() 

(a) million of convertible notes issued by GLPRI in 2020, as well as the associated accrued interest liability of million. 

 Convertible Instruments PIPE Investors In December 2021, certain new and existing investors in GreenLight (the Prepaying PIPE Investors agreed to purchase from GreenLight convertible instruments with an aggregate principal amount of approximately million (the PIPE Instruments ). The Company received million in December 2021 and million in January 2022. In conjunction with entering into the PIPE Instruments, each PIPE Investor entered into a side letter agreement (the Side Letter with GreenLight, which required the PIPE Investor to tender its PIPE Instrument as a corresponding payment for all or a portion of such PIPE Investor s purchase of shares upon the closing of a business combination. In February of 2022, in accordance with the Business Combination, million of the PIPE Instruments were surrendered, cancelled and converted into shares of common stock. The Company determined that the cancellation and conversion of the PIPE Instruments represented an extinguishment for accounting purposes. Term Loan Horizon In December 2021, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement with Horizon Technology Finance Corporation and Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP (together Horizon ), which provided for a term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to million, million of which was borrowed at the closing and the remainder of which may be borrowed following the achievement of certain milestones, but not after June 30, 2022. As of June 30, 2022, the Company had not borrowed, and could no longer borrow the remainder of the term loan. Accrued interest is payable monthly. The principal of each term loan must be repaid in equal monthly installments beginning , with a scheduled final maturity date of . The Company may prepay the term loans in full, but not in part, without premium or penalty, other than a premium equal to (i) of the principal amount of any prepayment made within 12 months after the applicable funding date, (ii) of the principal amount of any prepayment made between 12 and 24 months after the applicable funding date and (iii) of the principal amount of any prepayment made more than 24 months after the applicable funding date. On the earlier of the scheduled final maturity date and the prepayment in full of the term loans, the Company must pay a final payment fee equal to of the original principal amount of the funded term loans. The final payment is being accreted to interest expense over the term of the loan using the effective interest method and is being recorded in other liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The debt was recorded based on proceeds received net of related debt issuance costs of approximately million, which are being amortized over the term of this financing agreement. The debt issuance costs include the fair value of approximately million for the warrants the Company is committed to issue in conjunction with this financing. The warrants were issued on January 19, 2022. See Note 11 Warrants for further discussion of the warrants. Term Loan Silicon Valley Bank In September 2021, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), which provided for a term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to million, million of which was borrowed at the closing and the remainder of which may be borrowed following the achievement of certain milestones, but not after March 31, 2022. As of March 31, 2022, the Company had not borrowed, and could no longer borrow the remainder of the term loan. On March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC was appointed as receiver and SVB was subsequently transferred into a new entity, Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A SVB Bridge Bank ). The loan and security agreement with SVB contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and customary events of default; it does not contain a financial covenant. The loan and security agreement with SVB also includes the obligation for the Company to maintain all of its cash in accounts with SVB, including at all times amounts sufficient to repay all loan obligations, which if not met constitutes an event of default under the agreement. Accrued interest is payable monthly. The principal of each term loan must be repaid in equal monthly installments beginning , with a scheduled final maturity date of . On the earlier of the scheduled final maturity date and the prepayment in full of the term loans, the Company must pay a final payment fee equal to of the original principal amount of the term loans. The final payment is being accreted to interest expense over the term of the loan using the effective interest method. GreenLight may prepay the term loans in increments of million and without premium or penalty, other than a premium equal to (i) with respect to any prepayment made on or before September 22, 2022, of the principal so prepaid, (ii) with respect to any prepayment made after September 22, 2022 and on or before September 22, 2023, of the principal so prepaid and (iii) with respect to any prepayment made after September 22, 2023 and on or before September 1, 2024, of the principal so prepaid. GreenLight granted a first-priority, perfected security interest in substantially all of its present and future personal property and assets, excluding intellectual property, to secure its obligations to SVB. The debt was recorded based on proceeds received net of related debt issuance costs of approximately million. The debt issuance costs include the fair value of approximately million for the shares of common warrants the Company previously issued in conjunction with this financing. No additional common warrants were issued in conjunction with this financing. Total debt issuance costs of approximately million is being amortized over the term of this financing agreement. Equipment Financing On March 29, 2021, the Company entered into a master equipment financing agreement with Trinity Capital Trinity authorizing equipment financing in the aggregate of approximately million with advances to be made as follows: (1) up to million at execution of the agreement and (2) the remaining balance to be drawn at the Company s option but no later than September 1, 2021. The monthly payment factors are determined by Trinity based on the Prime Rate reported in The Wall Street Journal on the first day of the month in which a financing schedule is executed, which as of the effective date of the equipment financing agreement was . As of December 31, 2021, the Company had drawn the entire million on multiple advances, which is repayable over a -month period that commenced on the advance date. The historical cost of the assets subject to a lien under this financing arrangement is approximately million. The debt was recorded based on proceeds received net of related debt issuance costs of approximately million, which are being amortized over the term of this financing agreement. The debt issuance costs include the fair value of approximately million for the common stock warrants the Company issued in conjunction with this financing. Convertible Notes In April and May 2020, GLPRI issued a series of convertible notes payable in exchange for cash totaling approximately million (the 2020 Notes ). The Company guaranteed payment and performance of the 2020 Notes. The 2020 Notes bear interest at per annum that is accrued each period and is payable at maturity. The effective interest rate was as of December 31, 2021. The total amount of accrued interest on the notes is approximately million and million as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. after their respective issuance dates. The 2020 Notes are only pre-payable with the consent of the holders. GLPRI is required to settle the total outstanding principal together with any accrued but unpaid interest on the maturity date. The 2020 Notes provide the option to convert the outstanding principal, plus accrued and unpaid interest, into shares of the Company s Series D Preferred Stock (on or after the date of the Series D Preferred Stock financing) or the right to receive royalties on future sales of certain of GLPRI s products. In conjunction with entering into the 2020 Note agreements, each holder entered into a side letter agreement (the Side Letter with GreenLight and GLPRI, which gives the holder the right to convert the 2020 Notes into shares of Series D Preferred Stock at a discounted conversion price of the price per share of the Series D Preferred Stock) in the event that the Series D financing is deemed an inside round. This discount did not apply as the Series D financing was determined not to be an inside round. At issuance, the Company concluded that the fair value of the discount feature was de minimis. The 2020 Notes include the following conversion and redemption features: From the date of the initial closing of the then-next equity financing of the Company (the Series D Financing until maturity, conversion at the option of the holder into Series D Preferred Stock (based upon the original issue price of the Series D Preferred Stock) or the right to receive certain royalty payments over a period, commencing on the conversion date (such royalty payment being equal to the net sales of specified GLPRI products multiplied by the adjusted royalty rate, such royalty payment not to exceed the net profit in any quarter). 

 Upon the occurrence of certain contingent events after the Company s Series D Financing and before maturity, automatic conversion into Series D Preferred Stock (based upon the original issue price of the Series D Preferred Stock). 

 Automatic redemption upon an event of default, as defined in the 2020 Notes. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the 2020 Notes will either automatically become due and payable or can become due and payable at the holder s option (based on the nature of the event of default). Upon such acceleration, all outstanding principal (with no penalty) and unpaid accrued interest will become payable. 

 The Company assessed the embedded features within the 2020 Notes and determined that the features do not meet the definition of a derivative or were clearly and closely related to the host contract, and thus did not require separate accounting. In addition, the optional redemption feature to receive royalty payments is subject to a scope exception from derivative accounting. The 2020 Notes were recorded based on proceeds received and were recorded net of related debt issuance costs of approximately million, which are being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest rate method over the term of the notes. In August 2021, the 2020 Notes were amended and restated to make the Company the sole obligor under the 2020 Notes and to remove the right to receive royalties on future sales of certain products. In connection with the Merger (See Note 3 - Business Combination ), all million of the Company s outstanding convertible notes, which were issued in 2020, and accrued interest of million converted into million shares of Series D Preferred Stock. Concurrently with the business combination, the Series D Preferred Stock was exchanged for shares of common stock of New GreenLight in February of 2022. Loan Interest Expense and Amortization The Company s total interest expense was approximately million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Non-cash amortization of debt discount and deferred financing cost 

Total 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Private Warrants issued and outstanding. 

million and million respectively, and was measured using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Valuation Assumptions 
 
 Initial Recognition (As of February 2, 2022) 

As of December 31, 2022 

Fair value of common stock 

Risk free interest rate 

Volatility 

Estimated time (in years) 

Common Stock Warrants classified as Equity Horizon Debt Warrants In connection with the Loan Agreement the Company entered into with Horizon in December 2021, the Company issued warrants to Horizon to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price per share of for the million drawn commitment. Upon issuance of these warrants in January 2022, the Company reassessed the classification of the warrants and noted that there was no variability in the number of shares or the exercise price of the warrants. million was reclassified to equity as of March 31, 2022. 

million, and was measured using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Valuation Assumptions 
 
 At Issuance (As of January 19, 2022) 

Fair value of common stock 

Risk free interest rate 

Volatility 

Estimated time (in years) 

In connection with the Loan Agreement the Company entered into with Horizon which provided for a term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to million, of which million was borrowed at the closing (See Note 10 - Debt). The Company issued warrants for both the million loan drawn at the closing and the remaining million available commitment which had different terms and conditions. In conjunction with the million available commitment, the Company made available to Horizon a warrant to purchase up shares, of which shares of the Company s common stock were issued at an exercise price per share of . These warrants were recognized as liabilities and were measured at their inception date fair value and subsequently remeasured at each reporting period with changes recorded as a component of other income in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. million available commitment is summarized below as a liability-classified Common Stock Warrant. 

The earlier of or the date of a qualifying acquisition 

million and thousand, respectively, and was measured using a probability weighted Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Valuation Assumptions 
 
 At Issuance (As of January 19, 2022) 

As of June 30, 2022 

Fair value of common stock 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Estimated time (in years) 

At June 30, 2022, the Warrants were determined to have met the requirements for equity classification and the fair value of thousand was reclassified to equity. Public Warrants Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to the right to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. per Public Warrant if (i) 30 days prior written notice of redemption is provided to the holders, and (ii) the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock equals or per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. Upon issuance of a redemption notice by the Company, the warrant holders have a period of 30 days to exercise for cash, or on a cashless basis. On the Closing Date, there were Public Warrants issued and outstanding. In March 2022, of the Public Warrants were exercised into shares of the Company's common stock for a total exercise price of million in cash. 

Exercised in the business combination (1) 

() 
 
 () 

Issued (1) 

Assumed in the business combination 

Exercised subsequent to the business combination 

() 

Warrants Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

(1) Number of warrants have been adjusted to reflect the exchange for New GreenLight warrants at an exchange ratio of approximately as a result of the Business Combination. See Note 3 - Business Combination for further information. 

shares of par value common stock and shares of par value preferred stock as of December 31, 2022 and shares of par value common stock as of December 31, 2021. On August 11, 2022, the Company entered into Securities Subscription Agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain accredited investors (collectively, the Purchasers ), providing for the sale by the Company of shares (the Shares of its common stock (the Common Stock at a purchase price of per share, in a private placement (the Private Placement ). The Shares were issued (the Closing simultaneously with the execution and delivery of the Subscription Agreements and subsequently registered with the SEC in September of 2022. The total proceeds received from this transaction, net of transaction costs, were million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding was and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and , respectively, warrants to purchase the Company s common stock outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Legacy Greenlight Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock In connection with the Business Combination, Legacy Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock previously classified as temporary equity was retroactively adjusted, converted into common stock at an exchange ratio of approximately , and reclassified to permanent equity as a result of the reverse recapitalization. As of December 31, 2022, there was Legacy Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock authorized, issued or outstanding. 

Plan. There are registered shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Equity Plan. As of December 31, 2022, of which 7,905,273 shares remain available for future grants under the Equity Plan. The Plan is administered by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). The exercise prices, vesting and other restrictions are determined at the discretion of the Board, except that the exercise price per share of incentive stock options may not be less than of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Stock options awarded under the Plan expire after the grant date unless the Board sets a shorter term. Vesting periods for awards under the plans are determined at the discretion of the Board. Incentive stock options granted to employees and non-statutory options and restricted stock awards granted to employees, officers, members of the Board, advisors, and consultants of the Company typically vest over four or . 

- 

Weighted average risk-free interest rate 

- 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled or forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was per share and per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options totaled approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The aggregate intrinsic value of common stock options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for those stock options that had exercise prices lower than the fair value of the Company s common stock. The intrinsic value of options exercised in 2022 and 2021 was approximately million and million, respectively. Restricted Stock The fair value of each restricted common stock award is estimated on the date of grant based on the fair value of the Company s common stock on that same date. 

Vested 

() 

Unvested shares as of December 31, 2022 

The total fair value of restricted stock that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized additional stock-based compensation expense associated with shares subject to GreenLight options that vest based on both a liquidity and a service condition. At the date of grant in 2020, achievement of the conditions in the performance-based award was deemed not probable and, accordingly, the grant date fair value of the award was based upon the probable outcome of such conditions. The liquidity condition is satisfied upon the occurrence of certain events, including a merger or acquisition or other business combination transaction involving the Company and a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company or other similar entity and, as a result, the liquidity condition for certain of GreenLight s options was satisfied upon the completion of the Business Combination. Assuming achievement of the highest level of performance, the performance-based award would have had a grant date fair value of million. In December 2021, the Company s Board of Directors voted to extend the length of time to allow for the performance vesting to occur by . The fair value of the award, as modified, was million as of the modification date. Upon closing of the Business Combination, the Company recognized approximately million of incremental stock-based compensation expense associated with these options during the three months ended March 31, 2022, and the remainder is being recognized over the remaining service period. 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average common stock outstanding 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

from the computation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders because including them would have had an anti-dilutive effect: 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 

2022 

2021 

Unvested restricted stock 

Options to purchase common stock 

Common stock warrants 

Total 

() 

Foreign 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Total current provision for income taxes 

Deferred tax provision - U.S. 

Deferred tax provision - Foreign 

Total provision for income taxes 

The foreign income tax provision relates to the foreign withholding taxes on payments made by SIIPL, pursuant to the research and collaboration agreement. 

State income taxes 

Permanent items 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Federal R D tax credits 

Foreign tax 

() 

Other 

Effective income tax rate 

() 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the net tax effects of net operating loss (NOLs) and tax credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and the amounts used for tax purposes. 

State net operating loss carryforwards 

Tax credits 

Stock based compensation 

Capitalized research and development expenses 

Operating lease assets 

Accruals and other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Operating lease liability 

() 

Prepaids and other 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Total net deferred tax assets (liability) 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal NOL carryforwards of million and state NOL carryforwards of approximately million, which are available to reduce future taxable income. The Company also had federal tax credits of million as of December 31, 2022. The federal NOLs generated before 2018 of approximately million will expire at various dates through , and NOL carryforwards generated after 2017 of approximately million have an indefinite carryforward period. The state NOLs and tax credit carryforwards will expire at various dates through . After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively because the Company s management has determined that it is more likely than not that these assets will not be fully realized. Utilization of the NOL carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 due to ownership changes that have occurred previously or that could occur in the future. These ownership changes may limit the amount of NOL and research and development credit carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. The Company has not completed an evaluation of ownership changes through December 31, 2022, to assess whether utilization of the Company s NOL or research and development credit carryforwards would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382. To the extent an ownership change occurs in the future, the NOL and credit carryforwards would be subject to limitation. The Company has generated federal and state research and development credits but has not conducted a study to document the qualified activity. This study may result in an adjustment to the Company s research and development credit carryforwards; however, until a study is completed, and any adjustment is known, no amounts are being presented as an uncertain tax position. A full valuation allowance has been provided against the Company s research and development credits and, if an adjustment is required, this adjustment would be offset by an adjustment to the deferred tax asset established for the research and development credit carryforwards and the valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company had t recorded any uncertain tax provisions. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various state jurisdictions. The federal and state income tax returns are generally subject to examinations for the tax years ended December 31, 2018, through December 31, 2022. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. There are currently no federal or state audits in process. 

 F- 32 

months, expiring on , unless otherwise extended. The base rent for this lease is approximately million, subject to annual escalations for cost-of-living adjustments. In June 2021, the Company entered into an operating lease agreement for additional office space in Medford, Massachusetts. The initial term of the lease is months, expiring on , unless otherwise extended. The base rent for this lease is approximately million, subject to annual escalations for cost-of-living adjustments. In September 2021, the Company entered into a lease for new laboratory, office and greenhouse space in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina, which commenced in January 2022. The lease term expires in December 2033 with the The base rent for this lease is approximately million per year, subject to a increase each year. In November 2021, the Company entered into an operating lease amendment for additional laboratory and office space in Rochester, New York. The initial term expires in March 2026 , with Base rent for this lease is approximately million per year subject to annual escalations. In March 2022, the Company entered into a lease for new laboratory and office space in Lexington, Massachusetts, which commenced in May 2022 consisting of approximately square-feet of laboratory and office space. The lease term expires in July 2033 with the The base rent for this lease is approximately million per year, subject to a increase each year. In March 2022, the Company entered into a lease for farm land in Spain. The lease term expires in March 2042 . The base rent for this lease is approximately million per year. In December 2022, the Company entered into a lease for farm land located in Colusa County, California, which commences in January 2023. The lease term expires in December 2032 . The base rent for this lease is approximately million per year, subject to annual increases based on the consumer price index beginning on January 1, 2024. Terminated Research Triangle Park Lease On September 12, 2022, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to Lease with the landlord, which modified the lease to accelerate the lease termination date to January 6, 2023 (the Lease Termination Date ). The Company was obligated to make rental payments outlined in the lease agreement until the Lease Termination Date. In connection with the signing of the Lease Termination Agreement, the Company remeasured the lease liability and right-of-use asset and recognized a gain of approximately million that was recorded in operating expenses in the Company's consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Finance Leases The Company acquired certain equipment with a value of approximately million under finance lease arrangements during the year ended December 31, 2022. There was equipment obtained under finance lease arrangements for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company leases certain laboratory equipment under these arrangements with fixed payments due through December 2023. 

Right of use asset - financing lease 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities: 

Current: 

Operating lease liabilities, current 
 
 Lease liabilities, current portion 

Finance lease liabilities, current 
 
 Long-term debt, current portion 

Non-current: 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 
 Lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 
 Long-term debt, net of current portion 

Total lease liabilities 

Right of use assets in exchange for right of use operating lease liabilities included approximately million of tenant improvements funded by the landlords. 

Short-term lease costs 

Variable lease costs 

Total operating lease costs 

Finance lease costs: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease costs 

Total lease costs 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows for operating leases 

Operating cash flows for finance leases 

Finance cash flows for finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities 

Operating Leases 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

Finance Leases 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

() 

Total 

A summary of the Company's future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable lease agreements, presented as of December 31, 2021 in accordance with ASC 840, is as follows: 

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

OPERATING LEASES 

FINANCE LEASES 

in thousands) 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Total 

F- 35 

such claims as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, that are expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Other funding commitments In November 2021, the Company entered into a manufacturing and development contract service agreement with a contract development and manufacturing organization for the Company s mRNA COVID-19 vaccine. Based on the Company s minimum purchase commitments, the Company expects to pay the organization a minimum of approximately million in service fees under the agreement, excluding the cost of raw materials. Based on the current schedule, the Company expects to incur the majority of these expenses in 2022 and the remainder in 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred approximately million in costs under this service agreement. 

 to of their compensation. Company contributions to the plan are at the sole discretion of the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company did t provide any matching contribution to employees. 

 . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million and million in general and administrative expense and research and development expense, respectively, of severance, benefits and related costs as restructuring expenses in our statements of operations. The Company expects that substantially all of the accrued restructuring costs as of December 31, 2022 will be paid in cash by the end of first quarter 2023. 

Severance payments 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

shareholder of the Company and Eric O Brien, a director on the Company s Board of Directors, is the co-founder and Managing Director of Fall Line. Pursuant to the terms of the Farmland Lease, the Company is leasing approximately acres of farmland for research and development purposes at an annual rental rate of plus operating expenses. The initial term of the Farmland Lease is commencing on , subject to an . Under the Farmland Lease, the Company agreed to pay as additional rent, payable in two installments of on each of January 1, 2023 and January 1, 2024. Fall Line provided the Company an allowance of towards tenant improvements. Either party under the Farmland Lease may terminate the Farmland Lease subject to a termination fee of . Finally, the Company has a right of first offer to purchase the leased farmland in the event Fall Line intends to sell all or any portion of the leased farmland. 

 F- 36 

F- 37 

<EX-10>
 2
 grna-ex10_7.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10 

Certain identified information has been omitted from this exhibit because it is not material and of the type that the reigstrant treats as private or confidential. [ ] indicates that information has been omitted. 
 
 February 5, 2021 
 
 M. Amin Khan, PhD 
 [ ] 
 Delivered via email: [ ] 
 
 RE: Offer of Employment 

Dear Amin: 
 
 Congratulations, I am pleased to extend you this offer to join GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. GreenLight ). You will be joining our company at an exciting time. We are developing products to create a future with a cleaner environment, healthier people, and a stronger food supply chain. We are proud of our leading technology, sustainable business practices, and talented employees. And now we are excited that you are joining us to add your skills, experiences, and capabilities. We believe you will find GreenLight to be an exciting and rewarding environment. 
 
 The details below confirm our offer to you and are intended to replace any prior discussion or communication concerning your terms of employment. 
 
 Position and Duties . Your initial position will be Chief Scientific Officer, Human Health reporting to Dr. Andrey J. Zarur, Founder CEO. Your position is located at the company s office in Medford, MA. Your position is considered full-time and you will be expected to direct your full business time and energy to the affairs of GreenLight. You shall not engage in any other activity which could reasonably be expected to interfere with the performance of your duties, services, and responsibilities to GreenLight. Your performance will be reviewed periodically in accordance with GreenLight s practices. 
 
 Employment Start Date . April 1, 2021, unless you and Greenlight mutually agree to a different date. 
 
 Compensation . Upon commencement of your employment, GreenLight shall pay you a salary at the rate of 400,000 per year (the Salary ). Your Salary may be increased but will not be reduced unless the reduction is in concert and proportion with salary reductions among other GreenLight executives. Your position is considered exempt and you are not eligible for overtime. 
 
 All payments referred to in this Offer of Employment will be paid in accordance with GreenLight s usual payroll practice and GreenLight will deduct all applicable Federal, State and local withholding taxes and other lawful deductions. 
 
 In addition, you are eligible for a discretionary bonus of 40 of your annual base salary based upon the achievement of company and individual milestones. The existence of this bonus and your eligibility to participate in such program will be strictly within the discretion of GreenLight. The existence of a bonus program and/or your achievement and receipt of a bonus in any one year is not a guarantee that there will be such a program in subsequent years. 
 
 Stock Options . We will propose to the GreenLight Board of Directors (the Board that you receive the option to purchase 800,000 shares of common stock according to the terms of the GreenLight Biosciences, Inc 2012 Stock Incentive Plan. All equity grants are subject to the approval and discretion of the Board (or its committee). Option vesting will begin on the first anniversary of your 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

employment start date when 25 of the number of options granted will be exercisable. You will become fully vested on the fourth anniversary of your employment start date, under the schedule set forth in the Option. 
 
 Sign On Bonus . To help you with your transition to Greenlight, the company agrees to pay you a one-time conditional Sign-On Bonus in cash, consisting of two segments as follows: 75,000 to be paid within thirty days of your start date; another 75,000 to be paid within thirty days of the first anniversary of your employment start date (collectively the Sign-On Bonus ); provided, however, that you agree that if you voluntarily resign from the company for any reason within twelve months of the receipt of any segment of the Sign-On Bonus, the gross amount of that segment must be repaid in full. You further agree that you will repay the Sign-On Bonus no later than the effective date of your resignation. Receipt of the Sign-On Bonus segments is contingent on continued employment during the two-year period. Should you voluntarily resign or be involuntarily terminated for cause, prior to the receipt of any of the segments, the payment of the outstanding segment of the Sign-On Bonus will forfeit. 
 
 Benefits . You will be entitled to participate in health insurance and dental insurance, with GreenLight to pay a portion of the premium and you to pay a portion of the premium. GreenLight also offers employees a 401(k) plan. GreenLight may amend or modify the benefits provided to you and other employees from time to time as it deems appropriate. Your eligibility to participate in employee benefits will be dictated by the terms of that benefit, as may be amended from time to time. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask. 
 
 Vacation and Holidays . You will have the opportunity to accrue up to 20 days of vacation per year and up to forty (40) hours of sick time per year, to be accrued and used in accordance with GreenLight policy. GreenLight also recognizes holidays and grants employees parental leave. The terms for these opportunities are set forth in our handbook. 
 
 No Conflicting Agreement . You represent and warrant to GreenLight that you are not a party to or bound by any confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation, employment, consulting or other agreement or restriction which could conflict with, or be violated by, the performance of your duties to GreenLight. If you are subject to any such agreement, you should provide a copy to GreenLight for us to review prior to commencing employment. 
 
 Confidential Information and Cooperation . As a condition of this offer by GreenLight, you must review, execute, enter into, and be bound by the letter agreement addressing confidentiality, non-competition, and intellectual property, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
 
 Employment Verification and Background Checks . This offer of employment is contingent upon satisfactory completion of a background investigation and reference checks. In addition, as a condition of employment, the company is required to certify the legal status of all employees. Therefore, on your first day of employment, you must provide documentary evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 At-Will Nature of Employment . Your employment with GreenLight will be at-will, which means the employment relationship may be terminated by you or by GreenLight at any time, for any reason (or no reason at all) and with or without notice. In the event of termination or resignation, you will be required to participate in an Exit Interview in accordance with the Employee Handbook. 
 
 Obligations to Others . GreenLight requires its employees to honor their valid legal obligations to their prior employers (just as we expect you will honor your ongoing legal obligations to GreenLight should you leave our employ). Therefore, as a condition of your employment by GreenLight, you must not bring with you from your current or former employer(s)any confidential or proprietary business information, or copies of such information, you must not reveal to GreenLight or any of 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

our employees or use on GreenLight s behalf any such information; and you must comply with any other valid contractual obligations owed to previous employers. 
 
 We are excited about the future of GreenLight and look forward to you joining our team. If the foregoing offer is acceptable to you, please sign below and return your signed duplicate original to me no later than 5:00pm on February 7, 2021. 
 
 						Sincerely, 
 						GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 
 									 ____________________________________ 
 						Charu Manocha 
 						Chief People Officer 
 
 By signing below, I agree to these terms. I also confirm that all information I provided during the hiring process is true, and that I have not withheld any material information during the hiring process: 
 
 ________________________________ 			Date: ________________ 
 M. Amin Khan, PhD 
 
 Attachments: 
 Exhibit A: Section 409A Addendum 
 Exhibit B: Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Letter Agreement To be executed upon the Employment Start Date 

Exhibit A Section 409A Addendum 

All compensation terms in this letter or subsequent agreements with you are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Section 409A and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Notwithstanding any other provision of this letter, payments provided pursuant to this letter may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments that may be excluded from Section 409A either due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. Any payments to be made in connection with a termination of employment shall only be made if such termination of employment constitutes a separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this letter comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this letter, if at the time of the Executive s termination of employment, the Executive is a specified employee , determined in accordance with Section 409A, any payments and benefits provided under this letter that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A that are provided to the Executive on account of her separation from service shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the Executive s termination date Specified Employee Payment Date ). The aggregate amount of any payments that would otherwise have been made during such six-month period shall be paid in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule. If the 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

Executive dies before the Specified Employee Payment Date, any delayed payments shall be paid to the Executive s estate in a lump sum within four weeks of the Executive s death. 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights Letter Agreement 
 
 This Agreement is to confirm our understanding with respect to (i) your agreement not to compete with GreenLight Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any present or future parent, subsidiary or affiliate thereof (collectively, the Company ), (ii) your agreement to protect and preserve information and property which is confidential and proprietary to the Company and (iii) your agreement with respect to the ownership of inventions, ideas, copyrights and patents which may be used in the business of the Company (the terms and conditions agreed to in this letter are hereinafter referred to as the Agreement ). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, including the cash hiring bonus being provided by the company, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby mutually acknowledged, we have agreed as follows: 
 
 1.	 Prohibited Competition . 
 
 (a)	 Certain Acknowledgements and Agreements . 
 
 	(i)	We have discussed, and you recognize and acknowledge the competitive and proprietary aspects of the business of the Company. 
 
 (ii)	You acknowledge that a business will be deemed competitive with the Company if it develops, manufactures, markets or sells any products using Cell Free Processes (as defined below), including any research and development activities related to product concepts in Crop Protection and Life Sciences applications utilizing the Cell Free Process to the targets identified within the period of your employment (the Competitive Business ). Cell-Free Process means cell-free systems (that may include but are not limited to processes that use certain proprietary bio-tools, such as silencing reactions, enzyme relocation, and redox control as well as other processes) proposed to be developed, under development, developed, marketed, or used by the Company in its business or similar to those proposed to be developed, under development, developed, marketed, or used by the Company, during the term of your employment or engagement by the Company. 
 (iii)	You agree and understand that nothing in this Agreement shall confer any right with respect to continuation of service by the Company, or the Company s right to terminate its relationship with you at any time, with or without cause. 
 (iv)	You further acknowledge that, during the course of your employment with the Company, the Company will furnish, disclose or make available to you Confidential Information (as defined below) related to the Company s business and that the Company may provide you with unique and specialized training. You also acknowledge that such Confidential Information and such training have been developed and will be developed by the Company through the expenditure by the Company of substantial time, effort and money and that all such Confidential Information and training could be used by you to compete with the Company. You acknowledge GreenLight s ability to reserve Confidential Information for the exclusive knowledge and use of GreenLight is of great competitive importance and commercial value to GreenLight. You shall not, at any point during or after your employment, use, disclose or communicate Confidential Information to or for the benefit of any person (including yourself) or entity, other than GreenLight. Further, in the course of your employment with the Company, you will be introduced to customers and others with important relationships to the Company. You acknowledge that any and all goodwill created through such introductions belongs exclusively to the Company, including, without limitation, any 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

goodwill created as a result of direct or indirect contacts or relationships between you and any customers of the Company. 
 (v)	For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means all confidential and proprietary information of the Company, whether in written, oral, electronic or other form, including , but not limited to, information and facts concerning business plans, customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, partners, investors, affiliates or others, training methods and materials, financial information, prospects, client lists, inventions, proprietary technologies, including, without limitation, any patents, patent applications, invention disclosures, research data, processes, methods, techniques, formulas, programs, ideas molecules, enzymes or other biological elements proposed to be studied, developed, produced, manufactured or commercialized by Company, whether or not fully developed, patented or patentable; or any other scientific, technical, know-how or Trade Secrets of the Company or of any third party provided to you or the Company under a condition of confidentiality, provided that Confidential Information will not include information that is in the public domain other than through any fault or act by you. The term Trade Secrets, as used in this Agreement, means all information of Company, but not limited to, a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, or process, that derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to or readily ascertainable through appropriate means by other persons who might obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy, Trade Secrets will be given its broadest possible interpretation under Federal law and the State law of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and will include, without limitation, anything tangible or intangible or electronically kept or stored, which constitutes, represents, evidences or records or any secret scientific, technical, merchandising, production or management information, or any design, process, procedure, formula, invention, improvement or other confidential or proprietary information or documents. Confidential Information will not apply to information which GreenLight has voluntarily disclosed to the public or which has otherwise lawfully entered the public. 
 
 (v)	The Company encourages you to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement. 
 
 (b)	 Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation . During the period of your employment with the Company and for a period of one (1) year following the termination of your employment with the Company you will not, without the prior written consent of the Company: 
 
 (i)	Acting in the United States or Europe, for yourself or on behalf of any other person or entity, directly or indirectly, either as principal, partner, stockholder, officer, director, member, employee, consultant, agent, representative or in any other capacity, own, perform research, design studies, analyze data, manage, operate or control, or be concerned, connected or employed by, or otherwise associate or advise in any manner with, engage in, or have a financial interest in, any Competitive Business (each, a Restricted Activity ), except that nothing contained herein will preclude you from purchasing or owning securities of any such business if such securities are publicly traded, and provided that your holdings do not exceed one percent of the issued and outstanding securities of any class of securities of such business; or 
 
 (ii)	Either individually or on behalf of or through any third party, directly or indirectly, solicit, divert or appropriate or attempt to solicit, divert or appropriate, for the purpose of competing with the Company, any customers of the Company, or any prospective customers with respect to which the Company has developed or made a sales presentation (or similar offering of services); or 
 
 (iii)	Either individually or on behalf of or through any third party, directly or indirectly, (A) solicit, entice or persuade or attempt to solicit, entice or persuade any other employees of or consultants to the Company to leave the services of the Company or (B) employ, cause to be employed, or solicit the employment of any employee of or consultant to the Company while any 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

such person is providing services to the Company or within six months after any such person ceases providing services to the Company; or 
 
 (iv)	Either individually or on behalf of or through any third party, directly or indirectly interfere with or attempt to interfere with, the relations between the Company and any vendor or supplier to the Company. 
 
 	 (c)	 Reasonableness of Restrictions . You further recognize and acknowledge that (i) the types of employment which are prohibited by this Section 1 are narrow and reasonable in relation to the skills which represent your principal salable asset both to the Company and to your other prospective employers and (ii) the scope of the provisions of this Section 1 is reasonable, legitimate and fair to you in light of the Company s need to market its services and sell its products in a large geographic area in order to have a sufficient customer base to make the Company s business profitable and in light of the limited restrictions on the type of employment prohibited herein compared to the types of employment for which you are qualified to earn your livelihood. 
 
 (d)	Lapse of Restrictions. All non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions imposed on you by this agreement will lapse if your employment is terminated by the Company for a reason other than Cause (as defined in your written Offer of Employment) or upon a written waiver provided by the CEO of the Company. 
 
 	2.	 Protected Information . You will at all times, both during the period while you are employed by the Company and after the termination of your employment with Company for any reason or for no reason, maintain in confidence and will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, use, except in the course of performance of your duties for the Company or by court order, disclose or give to others any Confidential Information. Upon the termination of your employment with the Company for any reason or for no reason, or if the Company otherwise requests, (i) you will return to the Company all tangible Confidential Information and copies thereof (regardless how such Confidential Information or copies are maintained) and (ii) you will deliver to the Company any property of the Company which may be in your possession, including products, materials, memoranda, notes, notebooks, laboratory notes, records, reports, or other documents or photocopies or other electronic copies of the same. The terms of this Section 2 are in addition to, and not in lieu of, any statutory or other contractual or legal obligation that you may have relating to the protection of the Company s Confidential Information. The terms of this Section 2 will survive indefinitely any termination of your provision of services to the Company for any reason or for no reason. 
 
 	3.	 Ownership of Ideas, Copyrights and Patents . 
 
 (a)	 Property of the Company . All ideas, discoveries, creations, manuscripts and properties, innovations, improvements, know how, inventions, designs, developments, apparatus, techniques, methods and formulae (collectively the Inventions ), whether patentable, copyrightable or not, made, authored, devised, developed, discovered, reduced to practice, conceived or otherwise obtained by you, solely or jointly with others, during the course of your employment with the Company, which (i) are related to the business or proposed business of the Company or any of the products or services being developed, researched, manufactured or sold by the Company or which may be used in relation therewith, (ii) result from tasks assigned to you by the Company or (iii) are made using the Company s time, materials or facilities, even if such Inventions do not relate to the business of the Company, will be the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and that you will not publish any of the Inventions without the prior written consent of the Company or its designee. Without limiting the foregoing, you also acknowledge that all original works of authorship which are made by you (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of your employment or which relate to the business of the Company or a Company affiliate and which are protectable by copyright are works made for hire pursuant to the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. Section 101). You hereby assign to the Company or its designee all of your right, title and interest in and to all of the 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

foregoing. You further represent that, to the best of your knowledge and belief, none of the Inventions will violate or infringe upon any right, patent, copyright, trademark or right of privacy, or constitute libel or slander against or violate any other rights of any person, firm or corporation, and that you will use your best efforts to prevent any such violation. 
 
 (b)	 Cooperation . At any time during or after the period during which you are employed by the Company, you will reasonably cooperate with the Company and its attorneys and agents in the preparation and filing of all papers and other documents as may be required to perfect the Company s rights in and to any of such Inventions, including, but not limited to, joining in any proceeding to obtain letters patent, copyrights, trademarks or other legal rights with respect to any such Inventions in the United States and in any and all other countries, provided that the Company will bear the expense of such proceedings, and that any patent or other legal right so issued to you personally will be assigned by you to the Company or its designee without charge by you. 
 
 (c)	 Licensing and Use of Innovations . With respect to any Inventions, and work of any similar nature (from any source), whenever created, which you have not prepared or originated during your employment with the Company, but which you provide to the Company or incorporate in any Company product or system, you hereby grant to the Company a royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, perpetual and irrevocable license throughout the world to use, modify, create derivative works from, disclose, publish, translate, reproduce, deliver, perform, dispose of, and to authorize others so to do, all such Inventions. You will not include in any Inventions you deliver to the Company or use on its behalf, without the prior written approval of the Company, any material which is or will be patented, copyrighted or trademarked by you or others unless you provide the Company with the written permission of the holder of any patent, copyright or trademark owner for the Company to use such material in a manner consistent with then-current Company policy. 
 (d)	 Prior Inventions . Listed on Appendix (1) to this Agreement are any and all Inventions in which you claim or intend to claim any right, title and interest (collectively, Prior Inventions ), including, without limitation, patent, copyright and trademark interests, which to the best of your knowledge will be or may be delivered to the Company in the course of your employment, or incorporated into any Company product or system. You acknowledge that your obligation to disclose such information is ongoing during the period that you provide services to the Company. 
 
 	4.	 Disclosure to Future Employers. The Company, in its discretion, may provide a copy of the covenants contained in Sections 1, 2 and 3 of this Agreement to any business or enterprise which you may directly or indirectly own, manage, operate, finance, join, control or in which you may participate in the ownership, management, operation, financing, or control, or with which you may be connected as an officer, director, employee, partner, principal, agent, representative, consultant or otherwise. 
 
 	5.	 No Conflicting Agreements . You hereby represent and warrant that you have no commitments or obligations inconsistent with this Agreement and you will indemnify and hold the Company harmless against loss, damage, liability or expense arising from any claim based upon circumstances alleged to be inconsistent with such representation and warranty. 
 	6.	 General . 
 
 (a)	 Notices . All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder will be in writing, will be addressed to the receiving party s address set forth above or to such other address as a party may designate by notice hereunder, and will be either (i) delivered by hand, (ii) sent by overnight courier, or (iii) sent by registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder will be deemed to have been given either (i) if by hand, at the time of the delivery thereof to the receiving party at the address of such party set forth above, (ii) if sent by overnight courier, on the next business day following the 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

day such notice is delivered to the courier service, or (iii) if sent by registered mail, on the fifth business day following the day such mailing is made. 
 
 (b)	 Entire Agreement . This Agreement embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements and understandings relating to the subject matter hereof. No statement, representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of any kind not expressly set forth in this Agreement will affect, or be used to interpret, change or restrict, the express terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (c)	 Modifications and Amendments . The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be modified or amended only by written agreement executed by the parties hereto. 
 (d)	 Waivers and Consents . The terms and provisions of this Agreement may be waived, or consent for the departure therefrom granted, only by written document executed by the party entitled to the benefits of such terms or provisions. No such waiver or consent will be deemed to be or will constitute a waiver or consent with respect to any other terms or provisions of this Agreement, whether or not similar. Each such waiver or consent will be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which it was given, and will not constitute a continuing waiver or consent. 
 
 (e)	 Assignment . The Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any person or entity that succeeds to all or substantially all of the Company s business or that aspect of the Company s business in which you are principally involved. You may not assign your rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company and any such attempted assignment by you without the prior written consent of the Company will be void. 
 
 (f)	 Benefit . All statements, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in this Agreement will be binding on the parties hereto and will inure to the benefit of the respective successors and permitted assigns of each party hereto. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to create any rights or obligations except between the Company and you, and no person or entity other than the Company will be regarded as a third party beneficiary of this Agreement. 
 
 (g)	 Governing Law . This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder will be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. 
 
 (h)	 Jurisdiction, Venue and Service of Process . Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement will be brought in the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (or, if appropriate, a federal court located within Massachusetts). By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the parties hereto accepts for itself and in respect of its property, generally and unconditionally, the exclusive jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. 
 
 (i)	 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . ANY ACTION, DEMAND, CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE RESOLVED BY A JUDGE ALONE AND EACH OF THE COMPANY AND YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL THEREOF. 
 
 (j)	 Severability . The parties intend this Agreement to be enforced as written. However, (i) if any portion or provision of this Agreement is to any extent declared illegal or unenforceable by a duly authorized court having jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, will not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement will be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law and (ii) if any provision, or part thereof, is held to be unenforceable because of the duration of such provision or the geographic 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

area covered thereby, the court making such determination will have the power to reduce the duration and/or geographic area of such provision, and/or to delete specific words and phrases blue-penciling ), and in its reduced or blue-penciled form such provision will then be enforceable and will be enforced. 
 
 (k)	 Headings and Captions . The headings and captions of the various subdivisions of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and will in no way modify or affect the meaning or construction of any of the terms or provisions hereof. 
 
 (l)	 Injunctive Relief . You hereby expressly acknowledge that any breach or threatened breach of any of the terms and/or conditions set forth in Section 1, 2 or 3 of this Agreement will result in substantial, continuing and irreparable injury to the Company. Therefore, in addition to any other remedy that may be available to the Company, the Company will be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief by a court of appropriate jurisdiction in the event of any breach or threatened breach of the terms of Section 1, 2 or 3 of this Agreement. 
 
 (m)	 No Waiver of Rights, Powers and Remedies . No failure or delay by a party hereto in exercising any right, power or remedy under this Agreement, and no course of dealing between the parties hereto, will operate as a waiver of any such right, power or remedy of the party. No single or partial exercise of any right, power or remedy under this Agreement by a party hereto, nor any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce any such right, power or remedy, will preclude such party from any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy hereunder. The election of any remedy by a party hereto will not constitute a waiver of the right of such party to pursue other available remedies. No notice to or demand on a party not expressly required under this Agreement will entitle the party receiving such notice or demand to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances or constitute a waiver of the rights of the party giving such notice or demand to any other or further action in any circumstances without such notice or demand. 
 
 (o)	 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 (p)	 Opportunity to Review . You hereby acknowledge that you have had adequate opportunity to review these terms and conditions and to reflect upon and consider the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and that you have had the opportunity to consult with counsel of your own choosing regarding such terms. You further acknowledge that you fully understand the terms of this Agreement and have voluntarily executed this Agreement. 
 
 7. Permission to Disclose Information under Defend Trade Secrets Act . Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, please note the following: Pursuant to 18 USC 1833(b), an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for disclosure of a trade secret: (i) made in confidence to a government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; and/or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose a trade secret to his or her attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to a court order. 

REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

If the foregoing accurately sets forth our agreement, please so indicate by signing and returning to us the enclosed copy of this letter. 

Very truly yours, 
 
 						GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 				 
 						 By: _________________________________ 
 					 
 Charu Manocha 
 					Chief People Officer 

I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTAND ITS TERMS. I HAVE COMPLETELY FILLED OUT APPENDIX 1 TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 
 Accepted and Approved: 
 
 _____________________________				_______________ 
 M. Amin Khan, PhD						Date 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

APPENDIX 1 
 PRIOR INVENTIONS 
 [ ] 

DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 01015877.3 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 grna-ex10_29.htm
 EX-10.29

EX-10 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 LEASE AGREEMENT 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 THIS LEASE AGREEMENT (this Lease is made this 9 day of March, 2022, between ARE-MA REGION NO. 8, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES INC. , a Delaware corporation Tenant ). 
 
 Building:	 29 Hartwell Avenue, Lexington, Massachusetts 
 
 Premises:	 The entire Building, containing approximately 59,000 rentable square feet, as determined by Landlord, as shown on Exhibit A . 
 
 Project:	 The real property on which the Building is located, together with all improvements thereon and appurtenances thereto as described on Exhibit B . 
 
 Base Rent:	 65.00 per rentable square foot of the Premises per year, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 4 hereof. 
 
 Rentable Area of Premises: 59,000 sq. ft. 
 
 Rentable Area of Project: 59,000 sq. ft. Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses: 100 Security Deposit: 958,750.00 
 Target Commencement Date: May 1, 2022 
 
 Rent Adjustment Percentage: 3 
 
 Base Term:	 Beginning on the Commencement Date and ending 122 months from the first day of the first full month following the Commencement Date . For clarity, if the Commencement Date occurs on the first day of a month, the expiration of the Base Term shall be measured from that date. If the Commencement Date occurs on a day other than the first day of a month, the expiration of the Base Term shall be measured from the first day of the following month. 
 
 Permitted Use: General office, laboratory, manufacturing and life sciences research and development uses and other related uses consistent with the character of the Project and otherwise in compliance with the provisions of Section 7 hereof. 
 
 Address for Rent Payment:	Landlord s Notice Address: 
 PO Box 975383	26 North Euclid Avenue 
 Dallas, TX 75397-5383	Pasadena, CA 91101 Attention: Corporate Secretary 
 
 Tenant s Notice Address: 
 200 Boston Avenue 
 Medford, MA 02155 Attention: Legal Department 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 2 
 The following Exhibits and Addenda are attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference: 
 
 [X] EXHIBIT A - PREMISES DESCRIPTION	 [X] EXHIBIT B - DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT 
 [X] EXHIBIT C - WORK LETTER	 [X] EXHIBIT D - COMMENCEMENT DATE 
 [X] EXHIBIT E - RULES AND REGULATIONS	 [X] EXHIBIT F - TENANT S PERSONAL PROPERTY 
 [X] EXHIBIT G - MAINTENANCE OBLIGATIONS [X] EXHIBIT H - ASBESTOS DISCLOSURE 
 
 1. Lease of Premises . Upon and subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof, Landlord hereby leases the Premises to Tenant and Tenant hereby leases the Premises from Landlord. Landlord reserves the right to modify areas outside the Building, provided that such modifications do not materially adversely affect Tenant s use of the Premises for the Permitted Use. From and after the Commencement Date through the expiration of the Term, Tenant shall have access to the Building and the Premises 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except in the case of emergencies, as the result of Legal Requirements, the performance by Landlord of any installation, maintenance or repairs, or any other temporary interruptions, and otherwise subject to the terms of this Lease. 

2. Delivery; Acceptance of Premises; Commencement Date . Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to deliver the Premises to Tenant on or before the Target Commencement Date Delivery or Deliver ). If Landlord fails to timely Deliver the Premises, Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any loss or damage resulting therefrom, and this Lease shall not be void or voidable except as provided herein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if Landlord fails to deliver the Premises to Tenant (i) by the date that is 30 days after the Target Commencement Date (as such date may be extended for Force Majeure (as defined in Section 34 delays) (the Initial Abatement Date ), Base Rent shall be abated 1 day for each day after the Initial Abatement Date (as such date may be amended for Force Majeure delays) through the Second Abatement Date that Landlord fails to deliver the Premises to Tenant, and (ii) by the date that is 90 days after the Target Commencement Date (as such date may be extended for Force Majeure delays) (the Second Abatement Date ), Base Rent shall be abated 2 days for each day after the Second Abatement Date (as such date may be amended for Force Majeure delays) that Landlord fails to deliver the Premises to Tenant. If Landlord does not Deliver the Premises within 180 days of the Target Commencement Date for any reason other than Force Majeure delays, this Lease may be terminated by Tenant by written notice to Landlord, and if so terminated by Tenant: (a) the Security Deposit, or any balance thereof (i.e., after deducting therefrom all amounts to which Landlord is entitled under the provisions of this Lease), shall be returned to Tenant, and (b) neither Landlord nor Tenant shall have any further rights, duties or obligations under this Lease, except with respect to provisions which expressly survive termination of this Lease. If Tenant does not elect to void this Lease within 5 business days of the lapse of such 180 day period, such right to void this Lease shall be waived and this Lease shall remain in full force and effect. 

The Commencement Date shall be the date Landlord Delivers the Premises to Tenant. The Rent Commencement Date shall be 60 days after the Commencement Date. The period commencing on the Commencement Date through the day immediately preceding the Rent Commencement Date may be referred to herein as the Abatement Period . Upon request of Landlord, Tenant shall execute and deliver a written acknowledgment of the Commencement Date, the Rent Commencement Date and the expiration date of the Term when such are established in the form of the Acknowledgement of Commencement Date attached to this Lease as Exhibit D ; provided , however , Tenant s failure to execute and deliver such acknowledgment shall not affect Landlord s rights hereunder. The Term of this Lease shall be the Base Term, as defined above on the first page of this Lease and the Extension Term which Tenant may elect pursuant to Section 39 . 
 
 Tenant acknowledges that Landlord anticipates Delivering the Premises to Tenant 1 business day after the Premises is vacated by the existing tenant (the Existing Tenant in the Premises. As such, if Tenant desires to access the Premises prior to the Commencement Date for the purpose of installing furniture, fixtures and equipment, Tenant will need to enter into a separate agreement permitting such access with the Existing Tenant. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 3 
 Except as set forth in the work letter attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Work Letter ): (i) Tenant shall accept the Premises in their condition as of the Commencement Date; (ii) Landlord shall have no obligation for any defects in the Premises; and (iii) Tenant s taking possession of the Premises shall be conclusive evidence that Tenant accepts the Premises. Any occupancy of the Premises by Tenant before the Commencement Date shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Lease, excluding the obligation to pay Base Rent and Operating Expenses. 
 
 For the period of 30 consecutive days after the Commencement Date, Landlord shall, at its sole cost and expense (which shall not constitute an Operating Expense), be responsible for any repairs that are required to be made to the Building Systems (as defined in Section 13 serving the Premises, unless Tenant or any Tenant Party was responsible for the cause of such repair, in which case Tenant shall pay the cost. 
 
 Except as specifically provided in this Lease, Tenant agrees and acknowledges that neither Landlord nor any agent of Landlord has made any representation or warranty with respect to the condition of all or any portion of the Premises or the Project, and/or the suitability of the Premises or the Project for the conduct of Tenant s business, and Tenant waives any implied warranty that the Premises or the Project are suitable for the Permitted Use. This Lease constitutes the complete agreement of Landlord and Tenant with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior representations, inducements, promises, agreements, understandings and negotiations which are not contained herein. Landlord in executing this Lease does so in reliance upon Tenant s representations, warranties, acknowledgments and agreements contained herein. 
 
 3. Rent . 

(a) Base Rent . Base Rent for the month in which Rent Commencement Date occurs (or, if the Rent Commencement Date does not occur on the first day of a calendar month, Base Rent for the first full calendar month following the Rent Commencement Date) and the Security Deposit shall be due and payable concurrently with Tenant s delivery of an executed copy of this Lease to Landlord. Tenant shall pay to Landlord in advance, without demand, abatement, deduction or set-off, monthly installments of Base Rent on or before the first day of each calendar month during the Term hereof after the Rent Commencement Date, in lawful money of the United States of America, at the office of Landlord for payment of Rent set forth above, or to such other person or at such other place as Landlord may from time to time designate in writing, or via federally insured wire transfer (including ACH) pursuant to the wire instructions provided by Landlord. Payments of Base Rent for any fractional calendar month shall be prorated. The obligation of Tenant to pay Base Rent and other sums to Landlord and the obligations of Landlord under this Lease are independent obligations. Tenant shall have no right at any time to abate, reduce, or set-off any Rent (as defined in Section 5 due hereunder except for any abatement as may be expressly provided in this Lease. 

(b) Additional Rent . In addition to Base Rent, Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord as additional rent Additional Rent ): (i) commencing on the Commencement Date, Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses (as defined in Section 5 ), and (ii) any and all other amounts Tenant assumes or agrees to pay under the provisions of this Lease, including, without limitation, any and all other sums that may become due by reason of any default of Tenant or failure to comply with the agreements, terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease to be performed by Tenant, after any applicable notice and cure period. 

4. Base Rent Adjustments . 

(a) Generally . Base Rent shall be increased on each annual anniversary of the Rent Commencement Date (provided, however, that if the Rent Commencement Date occurs on a day other than the first day of a calendar month, then Base Rent shall be increased on each annual anniversary of the first day of the first full calendar month immediately following the Rent Commencement Date) (each an Adjustment Date by multiplying the Base Rent payable immediately before such Adjustment Date by the Rent Adjustment Percentage and adding the resulting amount to the Base Rent payable 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 4 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 5 
 immediately before such Adjustment Date.	Base Rent, as so adjusted, shall thereafter be due as provided herein. Base Rent adjustments for any fractional calendar month shall be prorated. 
 
 (b) Additional TI Allowance . In addition to the Tenant Improvement Allowance (as defined in the Work Letter), Landlord shall, subject to the terms of the Work Letter, make available to Tenant the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance (as defined in the Work Letter). Commencing on the Rent Commencement Date and continuing thereafter on the first day of each month during the Base Term, Tenant shall pay the amount necessary to fully amortize the portion of the Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance actually funded by Landlord, if any, in equal monthly payments with interest at a rate of 8 per annum over the Base Term, which interest shall begin to accrue on the date that Landlord first disburses such Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance or any portion(s) thereof TI Rent ). Any TI Rent remaining unpaid as of the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease shall be paid to Landlord in a lump sum at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. Tenant may, at Tenant s option, prepay the then-outstanding TI Rent (including applicable interest remaining unpaid) in full at any time without penalty. 

5. Operating Expense Payments . Landlord shall deliver to Tenant a written estimate of Operating Expenses for each calendar year during the Term (the Annual Estimate ), which may be revised by Landlord from time to time during such calendar year. Commencing on the Commencement Date, and continuing thereafter on the first day of each month during the Term, Tenant shall pay Landlord an amount equal to 1/12th of Tenant s Share of the Annual Estimate. Payments for any fractional calendar month shall be prorated. 

The term Operating Expenses means all costs and expenses of any kind or description whatsoever incurred or accrued each calendar year by Landlord with respect to the Project, including, without duplication, (i) Taxes (as defined in Section 9 ), (ii) the cost (including, without limitation, any commercially reasonable subsidies which Landlord may provide in connection with the Project amenities) now or hereafter located at the Project, (iii) the costs related to any parking areas serving the Project and the costs for transportation services (including the Shuttle Service Costs (as defined in Section 42(o ), if applicable), (iv) capital repairs and improvements amortized over the lesser of 10 years and the useful life of such capital items, and (v) the costs of Landlord s third party property manager or, if there is no third party property manager, administration rent in the amount of 3 of Base Rent (provided that during the Abatement Period, Tenant shall nonetheless be required to pay administration rent each month equal to the amount of the administration rent that Tenant would have been required to pay in the absence of there being an Abatement Period), excluding only: 
 
 (a) the original construction costs of the Project and renovation prior to the date of this Lease and costs of correcting defects in such original construction or renovation; 

(b) capital expenditures for expansion of the Project; 

(c) interest, principal payments of Mortgage (as defined in Section 27 debts of Landlord, financing costs and amortization of funds borrowed by Landlord, whether secured or unsecured; 

(d) depreciation of the Project (except for capital improvements, the cost of which are includable in Operating Expenses as provided above); 

(e) salaries, wages, benefits and other compensation paid to (i) personnel of Landlord or its agents or contractors above the position of the person, regardless of title, who has day-to-day management responsibility for the Project or (ii) officers and employees of Landlord or its affiliates who are not assigned in whole or in part to the operation, management, maintenance or repair of the Project; provided, however, that with respect to any such person who does not devote substantially all of his or her employed time to the Project, the salaries, wages, benefits and other compensation of such person shall be prorated to reflect time spent on matters related to operating, managing, maintaining or repairing the Project in comparison to the time spent on matters unrelated to operating, managing, maintaining or repairing the Project; 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 6 
 (f) general organizational, administrative and overhead costs relating to maintaining Landlord s existence, either as a corporation, partnership, or other entity, including general corporate, legal and accounting expenses; 

(g) costs and expenses, including legal fees, incurred in connection with negotiations or disputes with employees, consultants, management agents, leasing agents, purchasers or mortgagees of the Building; 

(h) costs incurred by Landlord due to the violation by Landlord, its employees, agents or contractors of any Legal Requirement (as defined in Section 7 ); 

(i) penalties, fines or interest incurred as a result of Landlord s inability or failure to make payment of Taxes and/or to file any tax or informational returns when due, or from Landlord s failure to make any payment of Taxes required to be made by Landlord hereunder before delinquency; 

(j) overhead and profit increment paid to Landlord or to subsidiaries or affiliates of Landlord for goods and/or services in or to the Project to the extent the same exceeds the costs of such goods and/or services rendered by unaffiliated third parties on a competitive basis; 

(k) costs of Landlord s charitable or political contributions, or of fine art maintained at the 

Project; 
 
 (l) costs incurred in the sale or refinancing of the Project; 

(m) net income taxes of Landlord or the owner of any interest in the Project, franchise, capital stock, gift, estate or inheritance taxes or any federal, state or local documentary taxes imposed against the Project or any portion thereof or interest therein; 

(n) any costs incurred to remove, study, test or remediate Hazardous Materials in or about the Building or the Project for which Tenant is not responsible under this Lease; and 

(o) any expenses otherwise includable within Operating Expenses to the extent actually reimbursed by persons other than tenants of the Project under leases for space in the Project. 

In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, Operating Expenses incurred or accrued by Landlord with respect to any capital improvements which are reasonably expected by Landlord to reduce overall Operating Expenses (for example, without limitation, by reducing energy usage at the Project) (the Energy Savings Costs shall be amortized over a period of years equal to the least of (A) 10 years, (B) the useful life of such capital items, or (C) the quotient of (i) the Energy Savings Costs, divided by (ii) the annual amount of Operating Expenses reasonably expected by Landlord to be saved as a result of such capital improvements. 
 
 Within 90 days after the end of each calendar year (or such longer period as may be reasonably required), Landlord shall furnish to Tenant a statement (an Annual Statement showing in reasonable detail: (a) the total and Tenant s Share of actual Operating Expenses for the previous calendar year, and 
 (b) the total of Tenant s payments in respect of Operating Expenses for such year. If Tenant s Share of actual Operating Expenses for such year exceeds Tenant s payments of Operating Expenses for such year, the excess shall be due and payable by Tenant as Rent within 30 days after delivery of such Annual Statement to Tenant. If Tenant s payments of Operating Expenses for such year exceed Tenant s Share of actual Operating Expenses for such year Landlord shall pay the excess to Tenant within 30 days after delivery of such Annual Statement, except that after the expiration, or earlier termination of the Term or if Tenant is delinquent in its obligation to pay Rent, Landlord shall pay the excess to Tenant after deducting all other amounts due Landlord. Landlord s and Tenant s obligations to pay any overpayments or deficiencies due pursuant to this paragraph shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 7 
 The Annual Statement shall be final and binding upon Tenant unless Tenant, within 60 days after Tenant s receipt thereof, shall contest any item therein by giving written notice to Landlord, specifying each item contested and the reason therefor. If, during such 60 day period, Tenant reasonably and in good faith questions or contests the accuracy of Landlord s statement of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses, Landlord will provide Tenant with access to Landlord s books and records relating to the operation of the Project and such information as Landlord reasonably determines to be responsive to Tenant s questions (the Expense Information ). If after Tenant s review of such Expense Information, Landlord and Tenant cannot agree upon the amount of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses, then Tenant shall have the right to have a regionally or nationally recognized independent public accounting firm selected by Tenant and approved by Landlord (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), working pursuant to a fee arrangement other than a contingent fee (at Tenant s sole cost and expense), audit and/or review the Expense Information for the year in question (the Independent Review ). The results of any such Independent Review shall be binding on Landlord and Tenant. If the Independent Review shows that the payments actually made by Tenant with respect to Operating Expenses for the calendar year in question exceeded Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses for such calendar year, Landlord shall at Landlord s option either (i) credit the excess amount to the next succeeding installments of estimated Operating Expenses or (ii) pay the excess to Tenant within 30 days after delivery of such statement, except that after the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease or if Tenant is delinquent in its obligation to pay Rent, Landlord shall pay the excess to Tenant after deducting all other amounts due Landlord. If the Independent Review shows that Tenant s payments with respect to Operating Expenses for such calendar year were less than Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses for the calendar year, Tenant shall pay the deficiency to Landlord within 30 days after delivery of such statement. If the Independent Review shows that Tenant has overpaid with respect to Operating Expenses by more than 5 then Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for all costs incurred by Tenant for the Independent Review. Operating Expenses for the calendar years in which Tenant s obligation to share therein begins and ends shall be prorated. 
 
 Tenant s Share shall be the percentage set forth on the first page of this Lease as Tenant s Share as reasonably adjusted by Landlord for changes in the physical size of the Premises or the Project occurring thereafter. Base Rent, Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses and all other amounts payable by Tenant to Landlord hereunder are collectively referred to herein as Rent . 
 
 6. Security Deposit . Tenant shall deposit with Landlord, upon delivery of an executed copy of this Lease to Landlord, a security deposit (the Security Deposit for the performance of all of Tenant s obligations hereunder in the amount set forth on page 1 of this Lease, which Security Deposit shall be in the form of an unconditional and irrevocable letter of credit (the Letter of Credit ): (i) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, (ii) naming Landlord as beneficiary, (iii) expressly allowing Landlord to draw upon it at any time from time to time by delivering to the issuer notice that Landlord is entitled to draw thereunder, (iv) issued by an FDIC-insured financial institution satisfactory to Landlord, and (v) redeemable by presentation of a sight draft in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. If Tenant does not provide Landlord with a substitute Letter of Credit complying with all of the requirements hereof at least 10 days before the stated expiration date of any then current Letter of Credit, Landlord shall have the right to draw the full amount of the current Letter of Credit and hold the funds drawn in cash without obligation for interest thereon as the Security Deposit. The Security Deposit shall be held by Landlord as security for the performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease. The Security Deposit is not an advance rental deposit or a measure of Landlord s damages in case of Tenant s default. Upon each occurrence of a Default (as defined in Section 20 ), Landlord may use all or any part of the Security Deposit to pay delinquent payments due under this Lease, future rent damages, and the cost of any damage, injury, expense or liability caused by such Default, without prejudice to any other remedy provided herein or provided by law. Landlord s right to use the Security Deposit under this Section 6 includes the right to use the Security Deposit to pay future rent damages following the termination of this Lease pursuant to Section 21(c) below. Upon any use of all or any portion of the Security Deposit, Tenant shall pay Landlord within 5 business days after written demand the amount that will restore the Security Deposit to the amount set forth on Page 1 of this Lease. Tenant hereby waives the provisions of any law, now or hereafter in force which provide that Landlord may claim from a security deposit only those sums reasonably necessary to remedy defaults in the payment of Rent, to repair damage caused 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 8 
 by Tenant or to clean the Premises, it being agreed that Landlord may, in addition, claim those sums reasonably necessary to compensate Landlord for any other loss or damage, foreseeable or unforeseeable, caused by the act or omission of Tenant or any officer, employee, agent or invitee of Tenant. Upon bankruptcy or other debtor-creditor proceedings against Tenant, the Security Deposit shall be deemed to be applied first to the payment of Rent and other charges due Landlord for periods prior to the filing of such proceedings. If Tenant shall fully perform every provision of this Lease to be performed by Tenant, the Security Deposit, or any balance thereof (i.e., after deducting therefrom all amounts to which Landlord is entitled under the provisions of this Lease), shall be returned to Tenant (or, at Landlord s option, to the last assignee of Tenant s interest hereunder) within 90 days after the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. 
 
 If Landlord transfers its interest in the Project or this Lease, Landlord shall either (a) transfer any Security Deposit then held by Landlord to a person or entity assuming Landlord s obligations under this Section 6 , or (b) return to Tenant any Security Deposit then held by Landlord and remaining after the deductions permitted herein. Upon such transfer to such transferee or the return of the Security Deposit to Tenant, Landlord shall have no further obligation with respect to the Security Deposit, and Tenant s right to the return of the Security Deposit shall apply solely against Landlord s transferee. Landlord s obligation respecting the Security Deposit is that of a debtor, not a trustee, and no interest shall accrue thereon. 
 
 7. Use . The Premises shall be used solely for the Permitted Use set forth in the basic lease provisions on page 1 of this Lease, and in compliance with all laws, orders, judgments, ordinances, regulations, codes, directives, permits, licenses, covenants and restrictions now or hereafter applicable to the Premises, and to the use and occupancy thereof, including, without limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. 12101, et seq. (together with the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, ADA (collectively, Legal Requirements and each, a Legal Requirement ). Tenant shall, upon 5 days written notice from Landlord, discontinue any use of the Premises which is declared by any Governmental Authority (as defined in Section 9 having jurisdiction to be a violation of a Legal Requirement. Tenant will not use or permit the Premises to be used for any purpose or in any manner that would void Tenant s or Landlord s insurance, increase the insurance risk, or cause the disallowance of any sprinkler or other credits. Tenant shall not permit any part of the Premises to be used as a place of public accommodation , as defined in the ADA or any similar legal requirement. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord promptly upon demand (and reasonable supporting documentation) for any additional premium charged for any such insurance policy by reason of Tenant s failure to comply with the provisions of this Section or otherwise caused by Tenant s particular use and/or occupancy of the Premises. Tenant will use the Premises in a careful, safe and proper manner and will not commit or permit waste, overload the floor or structure of the Premises, subject the Premises to use that would damage the Premises or obstruct or unreasonably interfere with the rights of Landlord, including conducting or giving notice of any auction, liquidation, or going out of business sale on the Premises, or using or allowing the Premises to be used for any unlawful purpose. Tenant shall not place any machinery or equipment which will overload the floor in or upon the Premises or transport or move such items in the Project elevators without the prior written consent of Landlord. 

Following the Commencement Date, Landlord shall, as an Operating Expense (to the extent such Legal Requirement is generally applicable to similar buildings in the area in which the Project is located) or at Tenant s expense (to the extent such Legal Requirement is triggered by reason of Tenant s specific use of the Premises, the Tenant Improvements and/or Tenant s Alterations) make any alterations or modifications to the exterior of the Building that are required by Legal Requirements. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this paragraph, Tenant, at its sole expense, shall make any alterations or modifications to the Premises that are required by Legal Requirements (including, without limitation, the ADA) related to Tenant s specific use or occupancy of the Premises, the Tenant Improvements and/or Tenant s Alterations. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, Tenant shall be responsible for any and all demands, claims, liabilities, losses, costs, expenses, actions, causes of action, damages or judgments, and all reasonable expenses incurred in investigating or resisting the same (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees, charges and disbursements and costs of suit) (collectively, Claims arising out of or in connection with Tenant s failure to comply with Legal 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 9 
 Requirements related to Tenant s specific use or occupancy of the Premises, the Tenant Improvements or Tenant s Alterations, and Tenant shall indemnify, defend, hold and save Landlord harmless from and against any and all Claims arising out of or in connection with any failure of the Premises to comply with any Legal Requirement related to Tenant s specific use or occupancy of the Premises, the Tenant Improvements or Tenant s Alterations. 
 
 So long as such does not materially impact the cost or design of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant acknowledges that Landlord may, but shall not be obligated to, seek to obtain Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED), WELL Building Standard, or other similar green certification with respect to the Project and/or the Premises, and Tenant agrees to reasonably cooperate with Landlord, and to provide such information and/or documentation as Landlord may reasonably request, in connection therewith. 
 
 8. Holding Over . If, with Landlord s express written consent, Tenant retains possession of the Premises after the termination of the Term, (i) unless otherwise agreed in such written consent, such possession shall be subject to immediate termination by Landlord at any time, (ii) all of the other terms and provisions of this Lease (including, without limitation, the adjustment of Base Rent pursuant to Section 4 hereof) shall remain in full force and effect (excluding any expansion or renewal option or other similar right or option) during such holdover period, (iii) Tenant shall continue to pay Base Rent in the amount payable upon the date of the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease or such other amount as Landlord may indicate, in Landlord s sole and absolute discretion, in such written consent, and (iv) all other payments shall continue under the terms of this Lease. If Tenant remains in possession of the Premises after the expiration or earlier termination of the Term without the express written consent of Landlord, (A) Tenant shall become a tenant at sufferance upon the terms of this Lease except that the monthly rental shall be equal to 150 of Rent in effect during the last 30 days of the Term, and (B) if such occupancy shall continue for more than 30 days, Tenant shall be responsible for all damages suffered by Landlord resulting from or occasioned by Tenant s holding over, including consequential damages; provided, however, that if Tenant delivers a written inquiry to Landlord within 30 days prior to the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, Landlord will notify Tenant whether the potential exists for consequential damages. No holding over by Tenant, whether with or without consent of Landlord, shall operate to extend this Lease except as otherwise expressly provided, and this Section 8 shall not be construed as consent for Tenant to retain possession of the Premises. Acceptance by Landlord of Rent after the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of this Lease shall not result in a renewal or reinstatement of this Lease. 

9. Taxes . Landlord shall pay, as part of Operating Expenses, all taxes, levies, fees, assessments and governmental charges of any kind, existing as of the Commencement Date, or thereafter enacted (collectively referred to as Taxes ), imposed by any federal, state, regional, municipal, local or other governmental authority or agency, including, without limitation, quasi-public agencies (collectively, Governmental Authority during the Term, including, without limitation, all Taxes: (i) imposed on or measured by or based, in whole or in part, on rent payable to (or gross receipts received by) Landlord under this Lease and/or from the rental by Landlord of the Project or any portion thereof, or 

(ii) based on the square footage, assessed value or other measure or evaluation of any kind of the Premises or the Project, or (iii) assessed or imposed by or on the operation or maintenance of any portion of the Premises or the Project, including parking, or (iv) assessed or imposed by, or at the direction of, or resulting from Legal Requirements, or interpretations thereof, promulgated by any Governmental Authority, or (v) imposed as a license or other fee, charge, tax, or assessment on Landlord s business or occupation of leasing space in the Project. Landlord may contest by appropriate legal proceedings the amount, validity, or application of any Taxes or liens securing Taxes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, Taxes shall not include any net income taxes, excess profits taxes, succession taxes, estate taxes, franchise taxes, documentary transfer taxes, inheritance taxes, and gift taxes imposed on Landlord except to the extent such net income taxes are in substitution for any Taxes payable hereunder If any such Tax is levied or assessed directly against Tenant, then Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay the same at such times and in such manner as the taxing authority shall require. Tenant shall pay, prior to delinquency, any and all Taxes levied or assessed against any personal property or trade fixtures placed by Tenant in the Premises, whether levied or assessed against 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 10 
 Landlord or Tenant. If any Taxes on Tenant s personal property or trade fixtures are levied against Landlord or Landlord s property, or if the assessed valuation of the Project is increased by a value attributable to improvements in or alterations to the Premises, whether owned by Landlord or Tenant and whether or not affixed to the real property so as to become a part thereof, higher than the base valuation of the Project, Landlord shall have the right, but not the obligation, to pay such Taxes. Landlord s determination of any excess assessed valuation shall be binding and conclusive, absent manifest error. The amount of any such payment by Landlord shall constitute Additional Rent due from Tenant to Landlord immediately upon demand. 
 
 10. Parking . Subject to all applicable Legal Requirements, Force Majeure, a Taking (as defined in Section 19 below) and the exercise by Landlord of its rights hereunder, Tenant shall have the right, at no additional cost, to use all of the parking serving the Project, which is currently equal to 2.7 parking spaces per 1,000 rentable square feet of the Premises. Landlord shall not be responsible for enforcing Tenant s parking rights against any third parties. 

11. Utilities . 

Except for water, with respect to which Landlord shall contract directly with the Utility provider, Tenant shall arrange for the provision of electricity, power, sewer, and other utilities (including gas and fire sprinklers to the extent the Project is plumbed for such services), refuse and trash collection and janitorial services (each a Utility , and collectively, Utilities ). The Premises shall be separately metered for electrical consumption. Tenant shall pay for all Utilities used on the Premises (including water, the actual cost of which Tenant shall pay to Landlord within 30 days after Landlord s delivery to Tenant of an invoice therefor), all maintenance charges for Utilities and any storm sewer charges or other similar charges for Utilities imposed by any Governmental Authority or Utility provider, and any taxes, penalties, surcharges or similar charges thereon. Tenant shall be responsible for all telephone and data wiring throughout the Premises. No interruption or failure of Utilities, from any cause whatsoever shall result in eviction or constructive eviction of Tenant, termination of this Lease or the abatement of Rent. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if (i) a stoppage of an Essential Service (as defined below) to the Premises shall occur and such stoppage is due solely to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord and not due in any part to any act or omission on the part of Tenant or any Tenant Party or any matter beyond Landlord s reasonable control (any such stoppage of an Essential Service being hereinafter referred to as a Service Interruption ), and (ii) such Service Interruption continues for more than 5 consecutive business days after Landlord shall have received written notice thereof from Tenant, and (iii) as a result of such Service Interruption, the conduct of Tenant s normal operations in the Premises are materially and adversely affected, then, to the extent that such Service Interruption is covered by rental interruption insurance carried by Landlord pursuant to this Lease, there shall be an abatement of one day s Base Rent for each day during which such Service Interruption continues after such 5 business day period; provided, however, that if any part of the Premises is reasonably useable for Tenant s normal business operations or if Tenant conducts all or any part of its operations in any portion of the Premises notwithstanding such Service Interruption, then the amount of each daily abatement of Base Rent shall only be proportionate to the nature and extent of the interruption of Tenant s normal operations or ability to use the Premises. The rights granted to Tenant under this paragraph shall be Tenant s sole and exclusive remedy resulting from a failure of Landlord to provide services, and Landlord shall not otherwise be liable for any loss or damage suffered or sustained by Tenant resulting from any failure or cessation of services. For purposes hereof, the term Essential Services shall mean the following services: HVAC service, water, sewer and electricity, but in each case only to the extent that Landlord has an obligation to provide same to Tenant under this Lease. The provisions of this paragraph shall only apply as long as the original Tenant is the tenant occupying the Premises under this Lease and shall not apply to any assignee or sublessee. 
 
 Tenant shall have the right to use the emergency generator serving the Building as of the Commencement Date (the Emergency Generator ). Tenant acknowledges and agrees that the Emergency Generator is being made available for Tenant s use on an as-is basis and Landlord makes no representations with respect the condition of the Emergency Generator. Landlord shall have no 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 11 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 12 
 obligation to make any repairs or improvements with respect to the Emergency Generator or with respect to the portion of the Project in which the Emergency Generator is located (the Generator Area and Tenant shall maintain the Emergency Generator and the Generator Area, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, during the Term. Tenant shall have all of the obligations under this Lease with respect to the Generator Area as though the Generator Area were part of the Premises including, without limitation, the delivery of a Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan (as defined in Section 28 with respect to the Generator Area pursuant to Section 28 , except that Tenant shall not be required to pay Base Rent with respect to the Generator Area. Tenant shall surrender the Generator Area free of any debris and trash and free of any Hazardous Materials upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Term. 
 
 Tenant agrees to provide Landlord with access to Tenant s water and energy usage data on a monthly basis, either by providing Tenant s applicable utility login credentials to Landlord s designated online portal, or by another delivery method reasonably agreed to by Landlord and Tenant. The costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with receiving and analyzing such water and energy usage data (including, without limitation, as may be required pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements) shall be included as part of Operating Expenses. 
 
 12. Alterations and Tenant s Property . Any alterations, additions, or improvements made to the Premises by or on behalf of Tenant, including additional locks or bolts of any kind or nature upon any doors or windows in the Premises, but excluding the Tenant Improvements, installation, removal or realignment of furniture systems (other than removal of furniture systems owned or paid for by Landlord) not involving any modifications to the structure or connections (other than by ordinary plugs or jacks) to Building Systems Alterations shall be subject to Landlord s prior written consent, which may be given or withheld in Landlord s sole discretion if any such Alteration affects the structure or Building Systems and shall not be otherwise unreasonably withheld. Tenant may construct nonstructural, cosmetic Alterations in the Premises without Landlord s prior approval if the aggregate cost of all such work in any 12 month period does not exceed 125,000.00 (a Notice-Only Alteration ), provided Tenant notifies Landlord in writing of such intended Notice-Only Alteration, and such notice shall be accompanied by plans, specifications, work contracts and such other information concerning the nature and cost of the Notice-Only Alteration as may be reasonably requested by Landlord, which notice and accompanying materials shall be delivered to Landlord not less than 15 business days in advance of any proposed construction. If Landlord approves any Alterations, Landlord may impose such conditions on Tenant in connection with the commencement, performance and completion of such Alterations as Landlord may deem appropriate in Landlord s reasonable discretion. Any request for approval shall be in writing, delivered not less than 15 business days in advance of any proposed construction, and accompanied by plans, specifications, bid proposals, work contracts and such other information concerning the nature and cost of the alterations as may be reasonably requested by Landlord, including the identities and mailing addresses of all persons performing work or supplying materials. Landlord s right to review plans and specifications and to monitor construction shall be solely for its own benefit, and Landlord shall have no duty to ensure that such plans and specifications or construction comply with applicable Legal Requirements. Tenant shall cause, at its sole cost and expense, all Alterations to comply with insurance requirements and with Legal Requirements and shall implement at its sole cost and expense any alteration or modification required by Legal Requirements as a result of any Alterations. Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as Additional Rent, within 10 days after demand, an amount equal to the reasonable third party out-of-pocket costs incurred by Landlord for plan review, coordination, scheduling and supervision with respect to each Alteration. Before Tenant begins any Alteration, Landlord may post on and about the Premises notices of non-responsibility pursuant to applicable law. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for, and indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from, any expense incurred by Landlord by reason of faulty work done by Tenant or its contractors, delays caused by such work, or inadequate cleanup. 

With respect to any Alterations exceeding 125,000.00, Landlord shall have the right to require Tenant to furnish security or make other arrangements satisfactory to Landlord to assure payment for the completion of such Alterations work free and clear of liens. With respect to all Alterations, Tenant shall provide (and cause each contractor or subcontractor to provide) certificates of insurance for workers compensation and other coverage in amounts and from an insurance company satisfactory to Landlord protecting Landlord against liability for personal injury or property damage during construction. Upon 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 13 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 14 
 completion of any Alterations, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord: (i) sworn statements setting forth the names of all contractors and subcontractors who did the work and final lien waivers from all such contractors and subcontractors; and (ii) as built plans for any such Alteration. 
 
 Except for Removable Installations (as hereinafter defined), all Installations (as hereinafter defined) shall be and shall remain the property of Landlord during the Term and following the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, shall not be removed by Tenant at any time during the Term, and shall remain upon and be surrendered with the Premises as a part thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord may, at the time its approval of any such Installation is requested, or at the time it receives notice of a Notice-Only Alteration, notify Tenant that Landlord requires that Tenant remove such Installation upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, in which event Tenant shall remove such Installation in accordance with the immediately succeeding sentence. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, Tenant shall remove (i) all wires, cables or similar equipment which Tenant has installed in the Premises or in the risers or plenums of the Building, (ii) any Installations for which Landlord has given Tenant notice of removal in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, and (iii) all of Tenant s Property (as hereinafter defined), and Tenant shall restore and repair any damage caused by or occasioned as a result of such removal, including, without limitation, capping off all such connections behind the walls of the Premises and repairing any holes. During any restoration period beyond the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, Tenant shall pay Rent to Landlord as provided herein as if said space were otherwise occupied by Tenant. If Landlord is requested by Tenant or any lender, lessor or other person or entity claiming an interest in any of Tenant s Property to waive any lien Landlord may have against any of Tenant s Property, and Landlord consents to such waiver, then Landlord shall be entitled to reimbursement from Tenant for its actual, reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred in connection with the preparation and negotiation of each such waiver of lien. 
 
 For purposes of this Lease, (x) Removable Installations means any items listed on Exhibit F 
 attached hereto and any items agreed by Landlord in writing to be included on Exhibit F in the future, 
 (y) Tenant s Property means Removable Installations and, other than Installations, any personal property, trade fixtures or equipment of Tenant that may be removed without material damage to the Premises, and (z) Installations means all property of any kind paid for with the TI Fund , all Alterations, all fixtures, and all partitions, hardware, built-in machinery, built-in casework and cabinets and other similar additions, equipment, property and improvements built into the Premises so as to become an integral part of the Premises, including, without limitation, fume hoods which penetrate the roof or plenum area, built-in cold rooms, built-in warm rooms, walk-in cold rooms, walk-in warm rooms, deionized water systems, built-in glass washing equipment, built-in autoclaves, chillers, built-in plumbing, electrical and mechanical equipment and systems, and any power generator and transfer switch. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant shall not be required to remove or restore the Tenant Improvements at the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, so long as the Tenant Improvements constitute standard laboratory/office improvements, as reasonably determined by Landlord, unless Landlord specifically requests the removal or restoration of the Tenant Improvements at the time Tenant s Space Plans (as defined in the Work Letter) are approved by Landlord. In the event Tenant is not required to remove or restore the Tenant Improvements in accordance with the preceding sentence, Tenant shall be prohibited from removing any of the Tenant Improvements at any time. 
 
 13. Landlord s Repairs . Landlord, as an Operating Expense, shall maintain all of the structural, exterior, parking and other areas of the Project outside the Building, and, except as otherwise set forth in Section 14 , the building systems serving the Building, including the HVAC, plumbing, fire sprinklers and elevators Building Systems ), in good repair, reasonable wear and tear and uninsured losses and damages caused by Tenant, or by any of Tenant s assignees, sublessees, licensees, agents, servants, employees, invitees and contractors (or any of Tenant s assignees, sublessees and/or licensees respective agents, servants, employees, invitees and contractors) (collectively, Tenant Parties excluded. Losses and damages caused by Tenant or any Tenant Party shall be repaired by Landlord, to the extent not covered by insurance, at Tenant s sole cost and expense. Landlord reserves the right to stop Building Systems services when necessary (i) by reason of accident or emergency, or (ii) 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 15 
 for planned repairs, alterations or improvements, which are, in the reasonable judgment of Landlord, desirable or necessary to be made, until said repairs, alterations or improvements shall have been completed. Landlord shall have no responsibility or liability for failure to supply Building Systems services during any such period of interruption; provided , however , that Landlord shall, except in case of emergency, make a commercially reasonable effort to give Tenant 48 hours advance notice of any planned stoppage of Building Systems services for routine maintenance, repairs, alterations or improvements. Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to minimize interference with Tenant s operations in the Premises during such planned stoppages of Building Systems. Tenant shall promptly give Landlord written notice of any repair required by Landlord pursuant to this Section, after which Landlord shall make a commercially reasonable effort to promptly and diligently effect such repair. Landlord shall not be liable for any failure to make any repairs or to perform any maintenance unless such failure shall persist for an unreasonable time after Tenant s written notice of the need for such repairs or maintenance. Tenant waives its rights under any state or local law to terminate this Lease or to make such repairs at Landlord s expense and agrees that the parties respective rights with respect to such matters shall be solely as set forth herein. Repairs required as the result of fire, earthquake, flood, vandalism, war, or similar cause of damage or destruction shall be controlled by Section 18 . 
 
 14. Tenant s Repairs . Subject to Sections 13 , 18 and 19 hereof, Tenant, at its expense, shall repair, replace and maintain in good condition (reasonable wear and tear and damage by fire or other casualty excepted) all non-structural portions of the interior of the Premises, including, without limitation, entries, doors, ceilings, interior windows, interior walls, the interior side of demising walls and, pursuant to the terms of the immediately following paragraph, the Building Systems. Should Tenant fail to make any such repair or replacement or fail to maintain the Premises, Landlord shall give Tenant written notice of such failure. If Tenant fails to commence cure of such failure within 10 business days of Landlord s notice, and thereafter diligently prosecute such cure to completion, Landlord may perform such work and shall be reimbursed by Tenant within 15 business days after demand therefor; provided, however, that if such failure by Tenant creates or could reasonably create an emergency, Landlord may immediately commence cure of such failure and shall thereafter be entitled to recover the actual costs of such cure from Tenant. Subject to Sections 17 and 18 , Tenant shall bear the full uninsured cost of any repair or replacement to any part of the Project that results from damage caused by Tenant or any Tenant Party. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, as of the Commencement Date, Tenant shall be responsible for the maintenance and repair of the Building Systems serving the Building Building System Maintenance ), at Tenant s cost and expense, as more specifically set forth on Exhibit G attached hereto. The Building System Maintenance shall include the procurement and maintenance of contracts, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Landlord, with copies to Landlord upon Landlord s written request, for and with contractors reasonably acceptable to Landlord specializing and experienced in the respective Building System Maintenance obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the scope of work of any such contracts entered into by Tenant pursuant to this paragraph shall, at a minimum, comply with manufacturer s recommended maintenance procedures for the performance of the applicable equipment. Landlord shall, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, have no obligation to perform any Building System Maintenance. The Building System Maintenance for which Tenant is responsible shall not include the right or obligation on the part of Tenant to make any structural and/or capital repairs, replacements or improvements to the Building Systems, and Landlord shall continue, as part of Operating Expenses, to be responsible, as provided in Section 13 , for capital repairs and replacements required to be made to the Building Systems. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if Tenant fails to perform the Building System Maintenance in a manner reasonably acceptable to Landlord within the requirements of this Lease, Landlord shall have the right, but not the obligation, to provide Tenant with written notice thereof and to assume the Building System Maintenance, as part of Operating Expenses, if Tenant does not cure Tenant s failure within 30 days after receipt of such notice; provided that if the nature of cure is such that it requires more than 30 days to complete, then Landlord shall not assume the Building System Maintenance so long as Tenant continues to diligently pursue such cure to completion. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 16 
 15. Mechanic s Liens . Tenant shall discharge, by bond or otherwise, any mechanic s lien filed against the Premises or against the Project for work claimed to have been done for, or materials claimed to have been furnished to, Tenant within 15 business days after Tenant receives notice of the filing thereof, at Tenant s sole cost and shall otherwise keep the Premises and the Project free from any liens arising out of work performed, materials furnished or obligations incurred by Tenant. Should Tenant fail to discharge any lien described herein, Landlord shall have the right, but not the obligation, to pay such claim or post a bond or otherwise provide security to eliminate the lien as a claim against title to the Project and the cost thereof shall be immediately due from Tenant as Additional Rent. If Tenant shall lease or finance the acquisition of office equipment, furnishings, or other personal property of a removable nature utilized by Tenant in the operation of Tenant s business, Tenant warrants that any Uniform Commercial Code Financing Statement filed as a matter of public record by any lessor or creditor of Tenant will upon its face or by exhibit thereto indicate that such Financing Statement is applicable only to removable personal property of Tenant located within the Premises. In no event shall the address of the Project be furnished on the statement without qualifying language as to applicability of the lien only to removable personal property, located in an identified suite held by Tenant. 

16. Indemnification . Tenant hereby indemnifies and agrees to defend, save and hold Landlord, its officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, sub-agents, constituent entities and lease signators (collectively, Landlord Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any and all Claims for injury or death to persons or damage to property occurring within or about the Premises or the Project arising directly or indirectly out of use or occupancy of the Premises or the Project by Tenant or any Tenant Parties (including, without limitation, any act, omission or neglect by Tenant or any Tenant s Parties in or about the Premises or at the Project) or a breach or default by Tenant in the performance of any of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent caused by the willful misconduct or negligence of Landlord Indemnified Parties. Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for, and Tenant assumes all risk of damage to, personal property (including, without limitation, loss of records kept within the Premises). Tenant further waives any and all Claims for injury to Tenant s business or loss of income relating to any such damage or destruction of personal property (including, without limitation, any loss of records). Landlord Indemnified Parties shall not be liable for any damages arising from any act, omission or neglect of any tenant in the Project or of any other third party or Tenant Parties. 

17. Insurance . Landlord shall maintain all risk property and, if applicable, sprinkler damage insurance covering the full replacement cost of the Project (including the Tenant Improvements). Landlord shall further procure and maintain commercial general liability insurance with a single loss limit of not less than 2,000,000 for bodily injury and property damage with respect to the Project. Landlord may, but is not obligated to, maintain such other insurance and additional coverages as it may deem necessary, including, but not limited to, flood, environmental hazard and earthquake, loss or failure of building equipment, errors and omissions, rental loss during the period of repair or rebuilding, workers compensation insurance and fidelity bonds for employees employed to perform services and insurance for any improvements installed by Tenant or which are in addition to the standard improvements customarily furnished by Landlord without regard to whether or not such are made a part of the Project. All such insurance shall be included as part of the Operating Expenses. The Project may be included in a blanket policy (in which case the cost of such insurance allocable to the Project will be determined by Landlord based upon the insurer s cost calculations). Tenant shall also reimburse Landlord for any increased premiums or additional insurance which Landlord reasonably documents to be as a result of Tenant s particular use of the Premises and provided that Tenant has a reasonable opportunity to cease said particular use/activity prior to incurring any such costs. 

Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall maintain during the Term: all risk property insurance with business interruption and extra expense coverage, covering the full replacement cost of all property and improvements installed or placed in the Premises by Tenant at Tenant s expense; workers compensation insurance with no less than the minimum limits required by law; employer s liability insurance with employers liability limits of 1,000,000 bodily injury by accident each accident, 
 1,000,000 bodily injury by disease policy limit, and 1,000,000 bodily injury by disease each employee; and commercial general liability insurance, with a minimum limit of not less than 4,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and property damage with respect to the Premises. The commercial 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 17 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 18 
 general liability insurance maintained by Tenant shall name Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., and Landlord, its officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, sub-agents, constituent entities and lease signators (collectively, Landlord Insured Parties ), as additional insureds; insure on an occurrence and not a claims-made basis; be issued by insurance companies which have a rating of not less than policyholder rating of A and financial category rating of at least Class X in Best s Insurance Guide shall not be cancelable for nonpayment of premium unless 30 days prior written notice shall have been given to Landlord from the insurer; not contain a hostile fire exclusion; contain a contractual liability endorsement; and provide primary coverage to Landlord Insured Parties (any policy issued to Landlord Insured Parties providing duplicate or similar coverage shall be deemed excess over Tenant s policies, regardless of limits). Certificates of insurance showing the limits of coverage required hereunder and showing Landlord as an additional insured, along with reasonable evidence of the payment of premiums for the applicable period, shall be delivered to Landlord by Tenant (i) concurrent with Tenant s delivery to Landlord of a copy of this Lease executed by Tenant, and (ii) prior to each renewal of said insurance. Tenant s policy may be a blanket policy with an aggregate per location endorsement which specifically provides that the amount of insurance shall not be prejudiced by other losses covered by the policy. Tenant shall, at least 5 days prior to the expiration of such policies, furnish Landlord with renewal certificates. 
 
 In each instance where insurance is to name Landlord as an additional insured, Tenant shall upon written request of Landlord also designate and furnish certificates so evidencing Landlord as additional insured to: (i) any lender of Landlord holding a security interest in the Project or any portion thereof, (ii) the landlord under any lease wherein Landlord is tenant of the real property on which the Project is located, if the interest of Landlord is or shall become that of a tenant under a ground or other underlying lease rather than that of a fee owner, and/or (iii) any management company retained by Landlord to manage the Project. 
 
 The property insurance obtained by Landlord and Tenant shall include a waiver of subrogation by the insurers and all rights based upon an assignment from its insured, against Landlord or Tenant, and their respective officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, invitees and contractors Related Parties ), in connection with any loss or damage thereby insured against. Neither party nor its respective Related Parties shall be liable to the other for loss or damage caused by any risk insured against under property insurance required to be maintained hereunder, and each party waives any claims against the other party, and its respective Related Parties, for such loss or damage. The failure of a party to insure its property shall not void this waiver. Landlord and its respective Related Parties shall not be liable for, and Tenant hereby waives all claims against such parties for, business interruption and losses occasioned thereby sustained by Tenant or any person claiming through Tenant resulting from any accident or occurrence in or upon the Premises or the Project from any cause whatsoever. If the foregoing waivers shall contravene any law with respect to exculpatory agreements, the liability of Landlord or Tenant shall be deemed not released but shall be secondary to the other s insurer. 
 
 Landlord may require insurance policy limits to be raised to conform with requirements of Landlord s lender and/or to bring coverage limits to levels then being generally required of new tenants within the Project; provided, however, that the increased amount of coverage is consistent with coverage amounts then being required by institutional owners of similar projects with tenants occupying similar size premises in the geographical area in which the Project is located. 
 
 18. Restoration . If, at any time during the Term, the Project or the Premises are damaged or destroyed by a fire or other insured casualty, Landlord shall notify Tenant within 60 days after discovery of such damage as to the amount of time Landlord reasonably estimates it will take to restore the Project or the Premises, as applicable (the Restoration Period ). If the Restoration Period is estimated to exceed 12 months (the Maximum Restoration Period ), Landlord may, in such notice, elect to terminate this Lease as of the date that is 75 days after the date of discovery of such damage or destruction; provided, however , that notwithstanding Landlord s election to restore, Tenant may elect to terminate this Lease by written notice to Landlord delivered within 5 business days of receipt of a notice from Landlord estimating a Restoration Period for the Premises longer than the Maximum Restoration Period. Unless either Landlord or Tenant so elects to terminate this Lease, Landlord shall, subject to 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 19 
 receipt of sufficient insurance proceeds (with any deductible to be treated as a current Operating Expense), promptly restore the Premises (excluding the improvements installed by Tenant or by Landlord and paid for by Tenant unless covered by the insurance Landlord maintains as an Operating Expense hereunder, in which case such improvements shall be included, to the extent of such insurance proceeds, in Landlord s restoration), subject to delays arising from the collection of insurance proceeds, from Force Majeure events or as needed to obtain any license, clearance or other authorization of any kind required to enter into and restore the Premises issued by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the use, storage, handling, treatment, generation, release, disposal, removal or remediation of Hazardous Materials (as defined in Section 30 in, on or about the Premises (collectively referred to herein as Hazardous Materials Clearances ); provided , however , that if repair or restoration of the Premises is not substantially complete as of the end of the Maximum Restoration Period or, if longer, the Restoration Period, Landlord may, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect not to proceed with such repair and restoration, or Tenant may by written notice to Landlord delivered within 5 business days of the expiration of the Maximum Restoration Period or, if longer, the Restoration Period, elect to terminate this Lease, in which event Landlord shall be relieved of its obligation to make such repairs or restoration and this Lease shall terminate as of the date that is 75 days after the later of: (i) discovery of such damage or destruction, or (ii) the date all required Hazardous Materials Clearances are obtained, but Landlord shall retain any Rent paid and the right to any Rent payable by Tenant prior to such election by Landlord or Tenant. 
 
 Tenant, at its expense, shall promptly perform, subject to delays arising from the collection of insurance proceeds, from Force Majeure events or to obtain Hazardous Material Clearances, all repairs or restoration not required to be done by Landlord and shall promptly re-enter the Premises and commence doing business in accordance with this Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord may terminate this Lease if the Premises are damaged during the last year of the Term and Landlord reasonably estimates that it will take more than 2 months to repair such damage, or if insurance proceeds are not available for such restoration. Rent shall be abated from the date all required Hazardous Material Clearances are obtained until the Premises are repaired and restored, in the proportion which the area of the Premises, if any, which is not usable by Tenant bears to the total area of the Premises, unless Landlord provides Tenant with other space during the period of repair that is suitable for the temporary conduct of Tenant s business. In the event that no Hazardous Material Clearances are required to be obtained by Tenant with respect to the Premises, rent abatement shall commence on the date of discovery of the damage or destruction. Such abatement shall be the sole remedy of Tenant, and except as provided in this Section 18 , Tenant waives any right to terminate this Lease by reason of damage or casualty loss. 
 
 The provisions of this Lease, including this Section 18 , constitute an express agreement between Landlord and Tenant with respect to any and all damage to, or destruction of, all or any part of the Premises, or any other portion of the Project, and any statute or regulation which is now or may hereafter be in effect shall have no application to this Lease or any damage or destruction to all or any part of the Premises or any other portion of the Project, the parties hereto expressly agreeing that this Section 18 sets forth their entire understanding and agreement with respect to such matters. 
 
 19. Condemnation . If the whole or any material part of the Premises or the Project is taken for any public or quasi-public use under governmental law, ordinance, or regulation, or by right of eminent domain, or by private purchase in lieu thereof (a Taking or Taken ), and the Taking would in Landlord s reasonable judgment materially interfere with or impair Landlord s ownership or operation of the Project, or would in the reasonable judgment of Landlord and Tenant either prevent or materially interfere with Tenant s use of the Premises (as resolved, if the parties are unable to agree, by arbitration by a single arbitrator with the qualifications and experience appropriate to resolve the matter and appointed pursuant to and acting in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association), then upon written notice by Landlord or Tenant to the other this Lease shall terminate and Rent shall be apportioned as of said date. If part of the Premises shall be Taken, and this Lease is not terminated as provided above, Landlord shall promptly restore the Premises and the Project as nearly as is commercially reasonable under the circumstances to their condition prior to such partial Taking and the rentable square footage of the Building, the rentable square footage of the Premises, Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses and the 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 20 
 Rent payable hereunder during the unexpired Term shall be reduced to such extent as may be fair and reasonable under the circumstances. Upon any such Taking, Landlord shall be entitled to receive the entire price or award from any such Taking without any payment to Tenant, and Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord Tenant s interest, if any, in such award. Tenant shall have the right, to the extent that same shall not diminish Landlord s award, to make a separate claim against the condemning authority (but not Landlord) for such compensation as may be separately awarded or recoverable by Tenant for moving expenses and damage to Tenant s trade fixtures, if a separate award for such items is made to Tenant. Tenant hereby waives any and all rights it might otherwise have pursuant to any provision of state law to terminate this Lease upon a partial Taking of the Premises or the Project. 
 
 20. Events of Default . Each of the following events shall be a default Default by Tenant under this Lease: 

(a) Payment Defaults . Tenant shall fail to pay any installment of Rent or any other payment hereunder when due; provided, however, that Landlord will give Tenant notice and an opportunity to cure any failure to pay Rent within 5 days of any such notice not more than once in any 12 month period and Tenant agrees that such notice shall be in lieu of and not in addition to, or shall be deemed to be, any notice required by law. 

(b) Insurance . Any insurance required to be maintained by Tenant pursuant to this Lease shall be canceled or terminated or shall expire or shall be reduced or materially changed, or Landlord shall receive a notice of nonrenewal of any such insurance and Tenant shall fail to obtain replacement insurance at least 5 days before the expiration of the current coverage. 

(c) Abandonment . Tenant shall abandon the Premises. Tenant shall not be deemed to have abandoned the Premises if Tenant provides Landlord with reasonable advance notice prior to vacating and, at the time of vacating the Premises, (i) Tenant completes Tenant s obligations under the Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan in compliance with Section 28 , (ii) Tenant has obtained the release of the Premises of all Hazardous Materials Clearances and the Premises are free from any residual impact from the Tenant HazMat Operations and provides reasonably detailed documentation to Landlord confirming such matters, (iii) Tenant has made reasonable arrangements with Landlord for the security of the Premises for the balance of the Term, and (iv) Tenant continues during the balance of the Term to satisfy and perform all of Tenant s obligations under this Lease as they come due. 

(d) Improper Transfer . Tenant shall assign, sublease or otherwise transfer or attempt to transfer all or any portion of Tenant s interest in this Lease or the Premises except as expressly permitted herein, or Tenant s interest in this Lease shall be attached, executed upon, or otherwise judicially seized and such action is not released within 90 days of the action. 

(e) Liens . Tenant shall fail to discharge or otherwise obtain the release of any lien placed upon the Premises in violation of this Lease within 15 days after receipt of notice of any such lien being filed against the Premises. 

(f) Insolvency Events . Tenant or any guarantor or surety of Tenant s obligations hereunder shall: (A) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (B) commence any case, proceeding or other action seeking to have an order for relief entered on its behalf as a debtor or to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, liquidation, dissolution or composition of it or its debts or seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or of any substantial part of its property (collectively a Proceeding for Relief ); (C) become the subject of any Proceeding for Relief which is not dismissed within 90 days of its filing or entry; or (D) die or suffer a legal disability (if Tenant, guarantor, or surety is an individual) or be dissolved or otherwise fail to maintain its legal existence (if Tenant, guarantor or surety is a corporation, partnership or other entity), other than in connection with a Permitted Assignment (as defined in Section 22(b) ). 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 21 
 (g) Estoppel Certificate or Subordination Agreement . Tenant fails to execute any document required from Tenant under Sections 23 or 27 within 5 business days after a second notice requesting such document. 

(h) Other Defaults . Tenant shall fail to comply with any provision of this Lease other than those specifically referred to in this Section 20 , and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof from Landlord to Tenant. 

Any notice given under Section 20(h) hereof shall: (i) specify the alleged default, (ii) demand that Tenant cure such default, (iii) be in lieu of, and not in addition to, or shall be deemed to be, any notice required under any provision of applicable law, and (iv) not be deemed a forfeiture or a termination of this Lease unless Landlord elects otherwise in such notice; provided that if the nature of Tenant s default pursuant to Section 20(h) is such that it cannot be cured by the payment of money and reasonably requires more than 30 days to cure, then Tenant shall not be deemed to be in default if Tenant commences such cure within said 30 day period and thereafter diligently prosecutes the same to completion; provided , however , that such cure shall be completed no later than 90 days from the date of Landlord s notice. 
 
 21. Landlord s Remedies . 

(a) Payment By Landlord; Interest . Upon a Default by Tenant hereunder, Landlord may, without waiving or releasing any obligation of Tenant hereunder, make such payment or perform such act. All sums so paid or incurred by Landlord, together with interest thereon, from the date such sums were paid or incurred, at the annual rate equal to 12 per annum or the highest rate permitted by law (the Default Rate ), whichever is less, shall be payable to Landlord on demand as Additional Rent. Nothing herein shall be construed to create or impose a duty on Landlord to mitigate any damages resulting from Tenant s Default hereunder. 

(b) Late Payment Rent . Late payment by Tenant to Landlord of Rent and other sums due will cause Landlord to incur costs not contemplated by this Lease, the exact amount of which will be extremely difficult and impracticable to ascertain. Such costs include, but are not limited to, processing and accounting charges and late charges which may be imposed on Landlord under any Mortgage covering the Premises. Therefore, if any installment of Rent due from Tenant is not received by Landlord within 5 days after the date such payment is due, Tenant shall pay to Landlord an additional sum of 6 of the overdue Rent as a late charge. Notwithstanding the foregoing, before assessing a late charge the first time in any calendar year, Landlord shall provide Tenant written notice of the delinquency and will waive the right if Tenant pays such delinquency within 5 days thereafter. The parties agree that this late charge represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs Landlord will incur by reason of late payment by Tenant. In addition to the late charge, Rent not paid when due shall bear interest at the Default Rate from the 5th day after the date due until paid. 

(c) Remedies . Upon the occurrence of a Default, Landlord, at its option, without further notice or demand to Tenant, shall have in addition to all other rights and remedies provided in this Lease, at law or in equity, the option to pursue any one or more of the following remedies, each and all of which shall be cumulative and nonexclusive, without any notice or demand whatsoever (except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 21(c)(v) with respect to Landlord s Lump Sum Election). No cure in whole or in part of such Default by Tenant after Landlord has taken any action beyond giving Tenant notice of such Default to pursue any remedy provided for herein (including retaining counsel to file an action or otherwise pursue any remedies) shall in any way affect Landlord s right to pursue such remedy or any other remedy provided Landlord herein or under law or in equity, unless Landlord, in its sole discretion, elects to waive such Default. 

(i) This Lease and the Term and estate hereby granted are subject to the limitation that whenever a Default shall have happened and be continuing, Landlord shall have the right, at its election, then or thereafter while any such Default shall continue and notwithstanding the fact that Landlord may have some other remedy hereunder or at law or in equity, to give Tenant written notice of Landlord s intention to terminate this Lease on a date specified in such notice, 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 22 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 23 
 which date shall be not less than 5 days after the giving of such notice, and upon the date so specified, this Lease and the estate hereby granted shall expire and terminate with the same force and effect as if the date specified in such notice were the date hereinbefore fixed for the expiration of this Lease, and all rights of Tenant hereunder shall expire and terminate, and Tenant shall be liable as hereinafter in this Section 21(c) provided. If any such notice is given, Landlord shall have, on such date so specified, the right of re-entry and possession of the Premises and the right to remove all persons and property therefrom and to store such property in a warehouse or elsewhere at the risk and expense, and for the account, of Tenant. Should Landlord elect to re-enter as herein provided or should Landlord take possession pursuant to legal proceedings or pursuant to any notice provided for by law, Landlord may, subject to Section 21(c)(ii) from time to time re-let the Premises or any part thereof for such term or terms and at such rental or rentals and upon such terms and conditions as Landlord may deem advisable, with the right to make commercially reasonable alterations in and repairs to the Premises. 
 
 (ii) Landlord shall be deemed to have satisfied any obligation to mitigate its damages by hiring an experienced commercial real estate broker to market the Premises and directing such broker to advertise and show the Premises to prospective tenants. 

(iii) In the event of any termination of this Lease as in this Section 21 provided or as required or permitted by law or in equity, Tenant shall forthwith quit and surrender the Premises to Landlord, and Landlord may, without further notice, enter upon, re-enter, possess and repossess the same by summary proceedings, ejectment or otherwise, and again have, repossess and enjoy the same free of any rights of Tenant, and in any such event Tenant and no person claiming through or under Tenant by virtue of any law or an order of any court shall be entitled to possession or to remain in possession of the Premises. 

(iv) If this Lease is terminated or if Landlord shall re-enter the Premises as aforesaid, or in the event of the termination of this Lease, or of re-entry, by or under any proceeding or action or any provision of law by reason of a Default by Tenant, Tenant covenants and agrees forthwith to pay and be liable for, on the days originally fixed in this Lease for the payment thereof, amounts equal to the installments of Base Rent and all Additional Rent as they would, under the terms of this Lease become due if this Lease had not been terminated or if Landlord had not entered or re-entered, as aforesaid, and whether the Premises be relet or remain vacant, in whole or in part, or for a period less than the remainder of the Term, or for the whole thereof, but in the event that the Premises be relet by Landlord, Tenant shall be entitled to a credit in the net amount of rent and other charges received by Landlord in reletting, after deduction of all of Landlord s expenses incurred in reletting the Premises (including, without limitation, tenant improvement, demising and remodeling costs, brokerage fees and the like), and in collecting the rent in connection therewith, in the following manner: Amounts received by Landlord after reletting, if any, shall first be applied against such Landlord s expenses, until the same are recovered, and until such recovery, Tenant shall pay, as of each day when a payment would fall due under this Lease, the amount which Tenant is obligated to pay under the terms of this Lease (Tenant s liability prior to any such reletting and such recovery by Landlord no in any way to be diminished as a result of the fact that such reletting might be for a rent higher than the rent provided for in this Lease); when and if such expenses have been completely recovered by Landlord, the amounts received from reletting by Landlord as have not previously been applied shall be credited against Tenant s obligations as of each day when a payment would fall due under this Lease, and only the net amount thereof shall be payable by Tenant. Further, Tenant shall not be entitled to any credit of any kind for any period after the date when the Term of this Lease is scheduled to expire according to its terms. 

Actions, proceedings or suits for the recovery of damages, whether liquidated or other damages, under this Lease, or any installments thereof, may be brought by Landlord from time to time at its election, and nothing contained herein shall be deemed to require Landlord to postpone suit until the date when the Term of this Lease would have expired if it had not been terminated hereunder. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 24 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 25 
 (v) In addition, Landlord, at its election, notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease, by written notice to Tenant (the Lump Sum Election ), shall be entitled to recover from Tenant, as and for liquidated damages, at any time following any termination of this Lease, a lump sum payment representing, at the time of Landlord s written notice of its Lump Sum Election, the sum of: 

(A) the then present value (calculated in accordance with accepted financial practice using as the discount rate the yield to maturity on United States Treasury Notes as set forth below) of the amount of unpaid Base Rent and Additional Rent that would have been payable pursuant to this Lease for the remainder of the Term following Landlord s Lump Sum Election if this Lease had not been terminated, and 

(B) all other damages and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses), if any, which Landlord shall have sustained by reason of the breach of any provision of this Lease; less 

(C) the then present value (calculated in accordance with accepted financial practice using as the discount rate the yield to maturity on United States Treasury Notes as set forth below) of the aggregate net fair market rent plus additional charges payable for the Premises (if less than the then present value of Base Rent and Additional Rent that would have been payable pursuant to this Lease) for the remainder of the Term following Landlord s Lump Sum Election, calculated as of the date of Landlord s Lump Sum Election, and taking into account reasonable estimates of the future costs to relet any then vacant portions of the Premises (except to the extent that Tenant has actually paid such costs pursuant to this Section 21 in order to calculate the net rental revenue that Landlord may expect to obtain for the Premises for the balance of the Term. 

Landlord s recovery under its Lump Sum Election shall be in addition to Tenant s obligations to pay Base Rent and Additional Rent due and costs incurred prior to the date of Landlord s Lump Sum Election, and in lieu of any Base Rent and Additional Rent which would otherwise have been due under this Section from and after the date of Landlord s Lump Sum Election. The yield to maturity on United States Treasury Notes having a maturity date that is nearest the date that would have been the last day of the Term of this Lease, as reported in the Wall Street Journal or a comparable publication if it ceases to publish such yields, shall be used in calculating present values for purposes of Landlord s Lump Sum Election. For the purposes of this Section, if Landlord makes the Lump Sum Election to recover liquidated damages in accordance with this Section, the total Additional Rent shall be computed based upon Landlord s reasonable estimate of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses and other Additional Rent for each 12-month period in what would have been the remainder of the Term of this Lease and any part thereof at the end of such remainder of the Term, but in no event less than the amounts therefor payable for the twelve (12) calendar months (or if less than twelve (12) calendar months have elapsed since the date hereof, the partial year) immediately preceding the date of Landlord s Lump Sum Election. Amounts of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses and any other Additional Rent for any partial year at the beginning of the Term or at the end of what would have been the remainder of the Term shall be prorated. 
 
 (vi) Nothing herein contained shall limit or prejudice the right of Landlord, in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, to prove for and obtain as liquidated damages by reason of such termination an amount equal to the maximum allowed by any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, or to prove for and obtain as liquidated damages by reason of such termination, an amount equal to the maximum allowed by any statute or rule of law, whether such amount shall be greater or less than the excess referred to above. 

(vii) Nothing in this Section 21 shall be deemed to affect the right of either party to indemnifications pursuant to this Lease. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 26 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 27 
 (viii) If Landlord terminates this Lease upon the occurrence of a Default, Tenant will quit and surrender the Premises to Landlord or its agents, and Landlord may, without further notice, enter upon, re-enter and repossess the Premises by summary proceedings, ejectment or otherwise. The words enter , re-enter , and re-entry are not restricted to their technical legal meanings. 

(ix) If Tenant shall be in default in the observance or performance of any provision of this Lease, and an action shall be brought for the enforcement thereof in which it shall be determined that Tenant was in default, Tenant shall pay to Landlord all reasonable, out of pocket fees, costs and other expenses which may become payable as a result thereof or in connection therewith, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses. 

(x) If default by Tenant shall occur in the keeping, observance or performance of any covenant, agreement, term, provision or condition herein contained, Landlord, without thereby waiving such default, may perform the same for the account and at the expense of Tenant (a) immediately or at any time thereafter and with only such notice, if any, as may be practicable under the circumstances in the case of an emergency or in case such default will result in a violation of any legal or insurance requirements, or in the imposition of any lien against all or any portion of the Premises or the Project not discharged, released or bonded over to Landlord s satisfaction by Tenant within the time period required pursuant to Section 15 of this Lease, and 

(b) in any other case if such default continues after any applicable notice and cure period provided in Section 20 . All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with any such performance by it for the account of Tenant and also all reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and disbursements incurred by Landlord in any action or proceeding (including any summary dispossess proceeding) brought by Landlord to enforce any obligation of Tenant under this Lease and/or right of Landlord in or to the Premises, shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord within 10 days after demand. 
 
 (xi) Independent of the exercise of any other remedy of Landlord hereunder or under applicable law, Landlord may conduct an environmental test of the Premises as generally described in Section 30(d) . 

(xii) In the event that Tenant is in breach or Default under this Lease, whether or not Landlord exercises its right to terminate or any other remedy, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord upon demand for any out of pocket costs and expenses that Landlord may incur in connection with any such breach or Default, as provided in this Section 21(c) . Such costs shall include legal fees and costs incurred for the negotiation of a settlement, enforcement of rights or otherwise. Tenant shall also indemnify Landlord against and hold Landlord harmless from all costs, expenses, demands and liability, including without limitation, legal fees and costs Landlord shall incur if Landlord shall become or be made a party to any claim or action instituted by Tenant against any third party, by any third party against Tenant or by or against any person holding any interest under or using the Premises by license of or agreement with Tenant. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Section 21 , no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to Landlord is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other legal or equitable right or remedy given hereunder, or now or hereafter existing. No waiver by Landlord of any provision of this Lease shall be deemed to have been made unless expressly so made in writing by Landlord expressly waiving such provision. Landlord shall be entitled, to the extent permitted by law, to seek injunctive relief in case of the violation, or attempted or threatened violation, of any provision of this Lease, or to seek a decree compelling observance or performance of any provision of this Lease, or to seek any other legal or equitable remedy. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 28 
 22. Assignment and Subletting . 

(a) General Prohibition . Without Landlord s prior written consent (which shall be given or withheld pursuant to the terms of Section 22(b) below) subject to and on the conditions described in this Section 22 , Tenant shall not, directly or indirectly, voluntarily or by operation of law, assign this Lease or sublease the Premises or any part thereof or mortgage, pledge, or hypothecate its leasehold interest or grant any concession or license within the Premises, and any attempt to do any of the foregoing shall be void and of no effect. Other than in connection with a Permitted Assignment, if Tenant is a corporation, partnership or limited liability company, the shares or other ownership interests thereof which are not actively traded upon a stock exchange or in the over-the-counter market, a transfer or series of transfers whereby more than 50 of the issued and outstanding shares or other ownership interests of such corporation are, or voting control is, transferred (but excepting transfers upon deaths of individual owners) from a person or persons or entity or entities which were owners thereof at time of execution of this Lease to persons or entities who were not owners of shares or other ownership interests of the corporation, partnership or limited liability company at time of execution of this Lease, shall be deemed an assignment of this Lease requiring the consent of Landlord as provided in this Section 22 . 

(b) Permitted Transfers . If Tenant desires to assign, sublease, hypothecate or otherwise transfer this Lease or sublet the Premises, other than pursuant to a Permitted Assignment (as defined below), then at least 10 business days, but not more than 60 business days, before the date Tenant desires the assignment or sublease to be effective (the Assignment Date ), Tenant shall give Landlord a notice (the Assignment Notice containing such information about the proposed assignee or sublessee, including the proposed use of the Premises and any Hazardous Materials proposed to be used, stored handled, treated, generated in or released or disposed of from the Premises, the Assignment Date, any relationship between Tenant and the proposed assignee or sublessee, and all material terms and conditions of the proposed assignment or sublease, including a copy of any proposed assignment or sublease in its substantially final form, and such other information as Landlord may deem reasonably necessary or appropriate to its consideration whether to grant its consent. Landlord may, by giving written notice to Tenant within 10 business days after receipt of the Assignment Notice: (i) grant such consent (provided that Landlord shall further have the right to review and approve or disapprove the proposed form of sublease prior to the effective date of any such subletting), (ii) refuse such consent, in its reasonable discretion; or (iii) except with respect to Permitted Assignments, with respect to (x) any assignment or (y) any sublease that would result in more than 50 of the Premises being subleased for substantially the remainder of the Term, terminate this Lease with respect to the space described in the Assignment Notice as of the Assignment Date (an Assignment Termination ). Among other reasons, it shall be reasonable for Landlord to withhold its consent in any of these instances: (1) the proposed assignee or subtenant is a governmental agency; (2) in Landlord s reasonable judgment, the use of the Premises by the proposed assignee or subtenant would entail any alterations that would lessen the value of the leasehold improvements in the Premises, or would require increased services by Landlord; (3) in Landlord s reasonable judgment, the proposed assignee or subtenant is engaged in areas of scientific research or other business concerns that are controversial such that they may (i) attract or cause negative publicity for or about the Building or the Project, (ii) negatively affect the reputation of the Building, the Project or Landlord, (iii) attract protestors to the Building or the Project, or (iv) lessen the attractiveness of the Building or the Project to any tenants or prospective tenants, purchasers or lenders; 

(4) in Landlord s reasonable judgment, the proposed assignee lacks the creditworthiness to support the financial obligations it will incur under the proposed assignment; (5) in Landlord s reasonable judgment, the character, reputation, or business of the proposed assignee or subtenant is inconsistent with the desired tenant-mix or the quality of other tenancies in the Project or is inconsistent with the type and quality of the nature of the Building; (6) Landlord has received from any prior landlord to the proposed assignee or subtenant a negative report concerning such prior landlord s experience with the proposed assignee or subtenant; (7) Landlord has experienced previous defaults by or is in litigation with the proposed assignee or subtenant; (8) the use of the Premises by the proposed assignee or subtenant will violate any applicable Legal Requirement; or (9) the proposed assignee or subtenant is an entity with whom Landlord is then-negotiating to lease space in the Project. If Landlord delivers notice of its election to exercise an Assignment Termination, Tenant shall have the right to withdraw such Assignment Notice by written notice to Landlord of such election within 5 business days after Landlord s notice electing to 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 29 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 30 
 exercise the Assignment Termination. If Tenant withdraws such Assignment Notice, this Lease shall continue in full force and effect. If Tenant does not withdraw such Assignment Notice, this Lease, and the term and estate herein granted, shall terminate as of the Assignment Date with respect to the space described in such Assignment Notice. No failure of Landlord to exercise any such option to terminate this Lease, or to deliver a timely notice in response to the Assignment Notice, shall be deemed to be Landlord s consent to the proposed assignment, sublease or other transfer. Tenant shall pay to Landlord a fee equal to Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars 2,500) in connection with its consideration of any Assignment Notice and/or its preparation or review of any consent documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord s consent to an assignment of this Lease or a subletting of any portion of the Premises to any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with Tenant (a Control Permitted Assignment shall not be required, provided that Landlord shall have the right to approve the form (in its reasonable discretion) of any such sublease or assignment. In addition, Tenant shall have the right to assign this Lease, upon 30 days prior written notice to Landlord but without obtaining Landlord s prior written consent, to a corporation or other entity which is a successor-in-interest to Tenant, by way of merger, consolidation or corporate reorganization, or by the purchase of all or substantially all of the assets or the ownership interests of Tenant provided that (i) such merger or consolidation, or such acquisition or assumption, as the case may be, is for a good business purpose and not principally for the purpose of transferring this Lease, and (ii) the net worth (as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP )) of the assignee is not less than the net worth (as determined in accordance with GAAP) of Tenant as of the date of Tenant s most current quarterly or annual financial statements, and (iii) such assignee shall agree in writing to assume all of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease (a Corporate Permitted Assignment ). Control Permitted Assignments and Corporate Permitted Assignments are hereinafter referred to as Permitted Assignments . 
 
 (c) Additional Conditions . As a condition to any such assignment or subletting, whether or not Landlord s consent is required, Landlord may require: 

(i) that any assignee or subtenant agree, in writing at the time of such assignment or subletting, that if Landlord gives such party written notice that Tenant is in default under this Lease, such party shall thereafter make all payments otherwise due Tenant directly to Landlord, which payments will be received by Landlord without any liability except to credit such payment against those due under this Lease, and any such third party shall agree to attorn to Landlord or its successors and assigns should this Lease be terminated for any reason; provided , however , in no event shall Landlord or its successors or assigns be obligated to accept such attornment; and 

(ii) A list of Hazardous Materials, certified by the proposed assignee or sublessee to be true and correct, which the proposed assignee or sublessee intends to use, store, handle, treat, generate in or release or dispose of from the Premises, together with copies of all documents relating to such use, storage, handling, treatment, generation, release or disposal of Hazardous Materials by the proposed assignee or subtenant in the Premises or on the Project, prior to the proposed assignment or subletting, including, without limitation: permits; approvals; reports and correspondence; storage and management plans; plans relating to the installation of any storage tanks to be installed in or under the Project (provided, said installation of tanks shall only be permitted after Landlord has given its written consent to do so, which consent may be withheld in Landlord s sole and absolute discretion); and all closure plans or any other documents required by any and all federal, state and local Governmental Authorities for any storage tanks installed in, on or under the Project for the closure of any such tanks. Neither Tenant nor any such proposed assignee or subtenant is required, however, to provide Landlord with any portion(s) of the such documents containing information of a proprietary nature which, in and of themselves, do not contain a reference to any Hazardous Materials or hazardous activities. 

(d) No Release of Tenant, Sharing of Excess Rents . Notwithstanding any assignment or subletting, Tenant and any guarantor or surety of Tenant s obligations under this Lease shall at all times remain fully and primarily responsible and liable for the payment of Rent and for compliance with all of Tenant s other obligations under this Lease. If the rent due and payable by a sublessee or assignee (or a combination of the rental payable under such sublease or assignment plus any bonus or other 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 31 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 32 
 consideration therefor or incident thereto in any form) exceeds the sum of Base Rent and Operating Expenses payable under this Lease with respect to the applicable portion of the Premises (excluding however, any Rent payable under this Section) and actual and reasonable brokerage fees, legal costs and any design or construction fees directly related to and required pursuant to the terms of any such sublease) Excess Rent ), then Tenant shall be bound and obligated to pay Landlord as Additional Rent hereunder 50 of such Excess Rent within 30 days following receipt thereof by Tenant. If Tenant shall sublet the Premises or any part thereof, Tenant hereby immediately and irrevocably assigns to Landlord, as security for Tenant s obligations under this Lease, all rent from any such subletting, and Landlord as assignee or a receiver for Tenant appointed on Landlord s application, may collect such rent and apply it toward Tenant s obligations under this Lease; except that, until the occurrence of a Default, Tenant shall have the right to collect such rent. 
 
 (e) No Waiver . The consent by Landlord to an assignment or subletting shall not relieve Tenant or any assignees of this Lease or any sublessees of the Premises from obtaining the consent of Landlord to any further assignment or subletting nor shall it release Tenant or any assignee or sublessee of Tenant from full and primary liability under this Lease. The acceptance of Rent hereunder, or the acceptance of performance of any other term, covenant, or condition thereof, from any other person or entity shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any of the provisions of this Lease or a consent to any subletting, assignment or other transfer of the Premises. 

(f) Prior Conduct of Proposed Transferee . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 22 , if (i) the proposed assignee or sublessee of Tenant has been required by any prior landlord, lender or Governmental Authority to take remedial action in connection with Hazardous Materials contaminating a property, where the contamination resulted from such party s action or use of the property in question, (ii) the proposed assignee or sublessee is subject to an enforcement order issued by any Governmental Authority in connection with the use, storage, handling, treatment, generation, release or disposal of Hazardous Materials (including, without limitation, any order related to the failure to make a required reporting to any Governmental Authority), or (iii) because of the existence of a pre-existing environmental condition in the vicinity of or underlying the Project, the risk that Landlord would be targeted as a responsible party in connection with the remediation of such pre-existing environmental condition would be materially increased or exacerbated by the proposed use of Hazardous Materials by such proposed assignee or sublessee, Landlord shall have the absolute right, in the exercise of Landlord s good faith sole discretion, to refuse to consent to any assignment or subletting to any such party. Landlord shall not act in an arbitrary and capricious manner in electing whether to grant or withhold such consent. 

23. Estoppel Certificate . Tenant shall, within 10 business days after receipt of written notice from Landlord, execute, acknowledge and deliver a statement in writing in any form reasonably requested by a proposed lender or purchaser, (i) certifying that this Lease is unmodified and in full force and effect (or, if modified, stating the nature of such modification and certifying that this Lease as so modified is in full force and effect) and the dates to which the rental and other charges are paid in advance, if any, (ii) acknowledging that, to Tenant s knowledge, there are not any uncured defaults on the part of Landlord hereunder, or specifying such defaults if any are claimed, and (iii) setting forth such further information with respect to the status of this Lease or the Premises as may be reasonably requested thereon. Any such statement may be relied upon by any prospective purchaser or encumbrancer of all or any portion of the real property of which the Premises are a part. Tenant s failure to deliver such statement within such time shall be conclusive upon Tenant that this Lease is in full force and effect and without modification except as may be represented by Landlord in any certificate prepared by Landlord and delivered to Tenant for execution. 

24. Quiet Enjoyment . So long as Tenant is not in Default under this Lease, Tenant shall, subject to the terms of this Lease, at all times during the Term, have peaceful and quiet enjoyment of the Premises against any person claiming by, through or under Landlord. 

25. Prorations . All prorations required or permitted to be made hereunder shall be made on the basis of a 360 day year and 30 day months. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 33 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 34 
 26. Rules and Regulations . Tenant shall, at all times during the Term and any extension thereof, comply with all reasonable rules and regulations at any time or from time to time established by Landlord covering use of the Premises and the Project, which rules and regulations shall be applied in a non-discriminatory manner, not unreasonably and materially interfere with Tenant s use and enjoyment of the Premises for the Permitted Use, and Landlord shall provide reasonable advance written notice thereof. Such rules and regulations may include, without limitation, rules and regulations which are intended to encourage social distancing, promote and protect health and physical well-being within the Building and the Project and/or intended to limit the spread of communicable diseases and/or viruses of any kind or nature (collectively, Infectious Conditions ). The current rules and regulations are attached hereto as Exhibit E . Landlord shall not enact new rules and regulations simply as a means to increase the Rent paid by Tenant under this Lease. If there is any conflict between said rules and regulations and other provisions of this Lease, the terms and provisions of this Lease shall control. Landlord shall not have any liability or obligation for the breach of any rules or regulations by other tenants in the Project and shall not enforce such rules and regulations in a discriminatory manner. 

27. Subordination . This Lease and Tenant s interest and rights hereunder are hereby made and shall be subject and subordinate at all times to the lien of any Mortgage now existing or hereafter created on or against the Project or the Premises, and all amendments, restatements, renewals, modifications, consolidations, refinancing, assignments and extensions thereof, without the necessity of any further instrument or act on the part of Tenant; provided , however that so long as there is no Default hereunder, Tenant s right to possession of the Premises shall not be disturbed by the Holder of any such Mortgage. Tenant agrees, at the election of the Holder of any such Mortgage, to attorn to any such Holder. Tenant agrees upon demand to execute, acknowledge and deliver such instruments, confirming such subordination, and such instruments of attornment as shall be reasonably requested by any such Holder, provided any such instruments contain appropriate non-disturbance provisions assuring Tenant s quiet enjoyment of the Premises as set forth in Section 24 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such Holder may at any time subordinate its Mortgage to this Lease, without Tenant s consent, by notice in writing to Tenant, and thereupon this Lease shall be deemed prior to such Mortgage without regard to their respective dates of execution, delivery or recording and in that event such Holder shall have the same rights with respect to this Lease as though this Lease had been executed prior to the execution, delivery and recording of such Mortgage and had been assigned to such Holder. The term Mortgage whenever used in this Lease shall be deemed to include deeds of trust, security assignments and any other encumbrances, and any reference to the Holder of a Mortgage shall be deemed to include the beneficiary under a deed of trust. As of the date of this Lease, there is no existing Mortgage encumbering the Project. 

Upon written request from Tenant, Landlord agrees to use reasonable efforts to cause the Holder of any future Mortgage to enter into a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement SNDA with Tenant with respect to this Lease. The SNDA shall be on the form proscribed by the Holder and Tenant shall pay the Holder s fees and costs in connection with obtaining such SNDA; provided, however, that Landlord shall request that Holder make any reasonable changes to the SNDA requested by Tenant. Landlord s failure to cause the Holder to enter into the SNDA with Tenant (or make any of the changes requested by Tenant) despite such efforts shall not be a default by Landlord under this Lease. 
 
 28. Surrender . Upon the expiration of the Term or earlier termination of Tenant s right of possession, Tenant shall surrender the Premises to Landlord in the same condition as received, subject to any Alterations or Installations permitted by Landlord to remain in the Premises, free of Hazardous Materials brought upon, kept, used, stored, handled, treated, generated in, or released or disposed of from, the Premises by any person other than Landlord or any of Landlord s employees, agents and contractors (collectively, Tenant HazMat Operations and released of all Hazardous Materials Clearances, broom clean, ordinary wear and tear and casualty loss and condemnation covered by Sections 18 and 19 excepted. At least 3 months prior to the surrender of the Premises or such earlier date as Tenant may elect to cease operations at the Premises, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a narrative description of the actions proposed (or required by any Governmental Authority) to be taken by Tenant in order to surrender the Premises (including any Installations permitted by Landlord to remain in 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 35 
 the Premises) at the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, free from any residual impact from the Tenant HazMat Operations and otherwise released for unrestricted use and occupancy (the Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan ). Such Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan shall be accompanied by a current listing of (i) all Hazardous Materials licenses and permits held by or on behalf of any Tenant Party with respect to the Premises, and (ii) all Hazardous Materials used, stored, handled, treated, generated, released or disposed of from the Premises, and shall be subject to the review and approval of Landlord s environmental consultant. In connection with the review and approval of the Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan, upon the request of Landlord, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord or its consultant such additional non-proprietary information concerning Tenant HazMat Operations as Landlord shall request. On or before such surrender, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord evidence that the approved Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan shall have been satisfactorily completed and Landlord shall have the right, subject to reimbursement at Tenant s expense as set forth below, to cause Landlord s environmental consultant to inspect the Premises and perform such additional procedures as may be deemed reasonably necessary to confirm that the Premises are, as of the effective date of such surrender or early termination of this Lease, free from any residual impact from Tenant HazMat Operations. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord, as Additional Rent, for the actual out-of-pocket expense incurred by Landlord for Landlord s environmental consultant to review and approve the Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan and to visit the Premises and verify satisfactory completion of the same, which cost shall not exceed 3,000. Landlord shall have the unrestricted right to deliver such Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan and any report by Landlord s environmental consultant with respect to the surrender of the Premises to third parties; provided, however, that Landlord instructs such parties to treat the same as confidential. 
 
 If Tenant shall fail to prepare or submit a Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan approved by Landlord, or if Tenant shall fail to complete the approved Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan, or if such Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan, whether or not approved by Landlord, shall fail to adequately address any residual effect of Tenant HazMat Operations in, on or about the Premises, Landlord shall have the right to take such actions as Landlord may deem reasonable or appropriate to assure that the Premises and the Project are surrendered free from any residual impact from Tenant HazMat Operations, the reasonable cost of which actions shall be reimbursed by Tenant as Additional Rent, without regard to the limitation set forth in the first paragraph of this Section 28 . 
 
 Tenant shall immediately return to Landlord all keys and/or access cards to parking, the Project, restrooms or all or any portion of the Premises furnished to or otherwise procured by Tenant. If any such access card or key is lost, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, at Landlord s election, either the cost of replacing such lost access card or key or the cost of reprogramming the access security system in which such access card was used or changing the lock or locks opened by such lost key. Any Tenant s Property, Alterations and property not so removed by Tenant as permitted or required herein shall be deemed abandoned and may be stored, removed, and disposed of by Landlord at Tenant s expense, and Tenant waives all claims against Landlord for any damages resulting from Landlord s retention and/or disposition of such property. All obligations of Tenant hereunder not fully performed as of the termination of the Term, including the obligations of Tenant under Section 30 hereof, shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, including, without limitation, indemnity obligations, payment obligations with respect to Rent and obligations concerning the condition and repair of the Premises. 
 
 29. Waiver of Jury Trial . TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, TENANT AND LANDLORD WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, BETWEEN LANDLORD AND TENANT ARISING OUT OF THIS LEASE OR ANY OTHER INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT, OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO. 

30. Environmental Requirements . 

(a) Prohibition/Compliance/Indemnity . Tenant shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Materials (as hereinafter defined) to be brought upon, kept, used, stored, handled, treated, generated in 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 36 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 37 
 or about, or released or disposed of from, the Premises or the Project in violation of applicable Environmental Requirements (as hereinafter defined) by Tenant or any Tenant Party. If Tenant breaches the obligation stated in the preceding sentence, or if the presence of Hazardous Materials in the Premises during the Term or any holding over results in contamination of the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property or if contamination of the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property by Hazardous Materials brought into, kept, used, stored, handled, treated, generated in or about, or released or disposed of from, the Premises by anyone other than Landlord and Landlord s employees, agents and contractors otherwise occurs during the Term or any holding over, Tenant hereby indemnifies and shall defend and hold Landlord, its officers, directors, employees, agents and contractors harmless from any and all actions (including, without limitation, remedial or enforcement actions of any kind, administrative or judicial proceedings, and orders or judgments arising out of or resulting therefrom), costs, claims, damages (including, without limitation, punitive damages and damages based upon diminution in value of the Premises or the Project, or the loss of, or restriction on, use of the Premises or any portion of the Project), expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys , consultants and experts fees, court costs and amounts paid in settlement of any claims or actions), fines, forfeitures or other civil, administrative or criminal penalties, injunctive or other relief (whether or not based upon personal injury, property damage, or contamination of, or adverse effects upon, the environment, water tables or natural resources), liabilities or losses which arise during or after the Term as a result of such contamination. This indemnification of Landlord by Tenant includes, without limitation, costs incurred in connection with any investigation of site conditions or any cleanup, treatment, remedial, removal, or restoration work required by any federal, state or local Governmental Authority because of Hazardous Materials present in the air, soil or ground water above, on, or under the Premises. Without limiting the foregoing, if the presence of any Hazardous Materials on the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property caused or permitted by Tenant or any Tenant Party results in any contamination of the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property, Tenant shall promptly take all actions at its sole expense and in accordance with applicable Environmental Requirements as are necessary to return the Premises, the Project or any adjacent property to the condition existing prior to the time of such contamination, provided that Landlord s approval of such action shall first be obtained, which approval shall not unreasonably be withheld so long as such actions would not potentially have any material adverse long-term or short-term effect on the Premises or the Project. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 30 , Tenant shall not be responsible for, and the indemnification and hold harmless obligation set forth in this paragraph shall not apply to (i) contamination in the Premises which Tenant can prove to Landlord s reasonable satisfaction existed in the Premises immediately prior to the Commencement Date, or (ii) the presence of any Hazardous Materials in the Premises which Tenant can prove to Landlord s reasonable satisfaction migrated from outside of the Premises into the Premises, unless in either case, the presence of such Hazardous Materials (x) is the result of a breach by Tenant of any of its obligations under this Lease, or (y) was caused, contributed to or exacerbated by Tenant or any Tenant Party. 
 
 (b) Business . Landlord acknowledges that it is not the intent of this Section 30 to prohibit Tenant from using the Premises for the Permitted Use. Tenant may operate its business according to prudent industry practices so long as the use or presence of Hazardous Materials is strictly and properly monitored according to all then applicable Environmental Requirements. As a material inducement to Landlord to allow Tenant to use Hazardous Materials in connection with its business, Tenant agrees to deliver to Landlord prior to the Commencement Date a list identifying each type of Hazardous Materials to be brought upon, kept, used, stored, handled, treated, generated on, or released or disposed of from, the Premises and setting forth any and all governmental approvals or permits required in connection with the presence, use, storage, handling, treatment, generation, release or disposal of such Hazardous Materials on or from the Premises Hazardous Materials List ). Upon Landlord s request, or any time that Tenant is required to deliver a Hazardous Materials List to any Governmental Authority (e.g., the fire department) in connection with Tenant s use or occupancy of the Premises, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a copy of such Hazardous Materials List. Tenant shall deliver to Landlord true and correct copies of the following documents (the Haz Mat Documents relating to the use, storage, handling, treatment, generation, release or disposal of Hazardous Materials prior to the Commencement Date, or if unavailable at that time, concurrent with the receipt from or submission to a Governmental Authority: permits; approvals; reports and correspondence; storage and management plans, notice of violations of any Legal Requirements; plans relating to the installation of any storage tanks to be installed in or under the Project 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 38 
 (provided, said installation of tanks shall only be permitted after Landlord has given Tenant its written consent to do so, which consent may be withheld in Landlord s sole and absolute discretion); all closure plans or any other documents required by any and all federal, state and local Governmental Authorities for any storage tanks installed in, on or under the Project for the closure of any such tanks; and a Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan (to the extent surrender in accordance with Section 28 cannot be accomplished in 3 months). Tenant is not required, however, to provide Landlord with any portion(s) of the Haz Mat Documents containing information of a proprietary nature which, in and of themselves, do not contain a reference to any Hazardous Materials or hazardous activities. It is not the intent of this Section to provide Landlord with information which could be detrimental to Tenant s business should such information become possessed by Tenant s competitors. 
 
 (c) Tenant Representation and Warranty . Tenant hereby represents and warrants to Landlord that (i) neither Tenant nor any of its legal predecessors has been required by any prior landlord, lender or Governmental Authority at any time to take remedial action in connection with Hazardous Materials contaminating a property which contamination was permitted by Tenant of such predecessor or resulted from Tenant s or such predecessor s action or use of the property in question, and (ii) Tenant is not subject to any enforcement order issued by any Governmental Authority in connection with the use, storage, handling, treatment, generation, release or disposal of Hazardous Materials (including, without limitation, any order related to the failure to make a required reporting to any Governmental Authority). If Landlord determines that this representation and warranty was not true as of the date of this lease, Landlord shall have the right to terminate this Lease in Landlord s sole and absolute discretion. 

(d) Testing . Upon not less than 15 days advance written notice to Tenant, Landlord shall have the right to conduct annual tests of the Premises (at its sole cost except as otherwise provided in this Section 30 to determine whether any contamination of the Premises or the Project has occurred as a result of Tenant s use. Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to minimize interference with Tenant s business during such testing. Tenant shall be required to pay the cost of such annual test of the Premises if there is violation of this Section 30 or if contamination for which Tenant is responsible under this Section 30 is identified; provided, however, that if Tenant conducts its own tests of the Premises using third party contractors and test procedures acceptable to Landlord which tests are certified to Landlord, Landlord shall accept such tests in lieu of the annual tests to be paid for by Tenant. In addition, at any time, and from time to time, prior to the expiration or earlier termination of the Term, Landlord shall have the right to conduct appropriate tests of the Premises and the Project to determine if contamination has occurred as a result of Tenant s use of the Premises. In connection with such testing, upon the request of Landlord, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord or its consultant such non-proprietary information concerning the use of Hazardous Materials in or about the Premises by Tenant or any Tenant Party. If contamination has occurred for which Tenant is liable under this Section 30 , Tenant shall pay all costs to conduct such tests. If no such contamination is found, Landlord shall pay the costs of such tests (which shall not constitute an Operating Expense). Landlord shall provide Tenant with a copy of all third party, non- confidential reports and tests of the Premises made by or on behalf of Landlord during the Term without representation or warranty and subject to a confidentiality agreement. Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, promptly and satisfactorily remediate any environmental conditions which Tenant is responsible for under this Lease and which are identified by such testing in accordance with all Environmental Requirements. Landlord s receipt of or satisfaction with any environmental assessment in no way waives any rights which Landlord may have against Tenant. 

(e) Control Areas . Tenant shall be allowed to utilize up to its pro rata share of the Hazardous Materials inventory within any control area or zone (located within the Premises), as designated by the applicable building code, for chemical use or storage. As used in the preceding sentence, Tenant s pro rata share of any control areas or zones located within the Premises shall be determined based on the rentable square footage that Tenant leases within the applicable control area or zone. For purposes of example only, if a control area or zone contains 10,000 rentable square feet and 2,000 rentable square feet of a tenant s premises are located within such control area or zone (while such premises as a whole contains 5,000 rentable square feet), the applicable tenant s pro rata share of such control area would be 20 . 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 39 
 (f) Storage Tanks . If storage tanks storing Hazardous Materials located on the Premises or the Project are used by Tenant or are hereafter placed on the Premises or the Project by Tenant, Tenant shall install, use, monitor, operate, maintain, upgrade and manage such storage tanks, maintain appropriate records, obtain and maintain appropriate insurance, implement reporting procedures, properly close any storage tanks, and take or cause to be taken all other actions necessary or required under applicable state and federal Legal Requirements, as such now exists or may hereafter be adopted or amended in connection with the installation, use, maintenance, management, operation, upgrading and closure of such storage tanks. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tenant shall have no right to use or install any underground storage tanks at the Project. 

(g) Tenant s Obligations . Tenant s obligations under this Section 30 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease. During any period of time after the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease required by Tenant or Landlord to complete the removal from the Premises of any Hazardous Materials for which Tenant is responsible under this Lease (including, without limitation, the release and termination of any licenses or permits restricting the use of the Premises and the completion of the approved Decommissioning and HazMat Closure Plan), Tenant shall continue to pay the full Rent in accordance with this Lease for any portion of the Premises not relet by Landlord in Landlord s good faith sole discretion, which Rent shall be prorated daily. Nothing contained in this Section 30(g) is intended to make Tenant responsible for removing any Hazardous Materials which Tenant is not otherwise responsible for removing under this Lease. 

(h) Definitions . As used herein, the term Environmental Requirements means all applicable present and future statutes, regulations, ordinances, rules, codes, judgments, orders or other similar enactments of any Governmental Authority regulating or relating to health, safety, or environmental conditions on, under, or about the Premises or the Project, or the environment, including without limitation, the following: the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act; and all state and local counterparts thereto, and any regulations or policies promulgated or issued thereunder. As used herein, the term Hazardous Materials means and includes any substance, material, waste, pollutant, or contaminant listed or defined as hazardous or toxic, or regulated by reason of its impact or potential impact on humans, animals and/or the environment under any Environmental Requirements, asbestos and petroleum, including crude oil or any fraction thereof, natural gas liquids, liquefied natural gas, or synthetic gas usable for fuel (or mixtures of natural gas and such synthetic gas). As defined in Environmental Requirements, Tenant is and shall be deemed to be the operator of Tenant s facility and the owner of all Hazardous Materials brought on the Premises by Tenant or any Tenant Party, and the wastes, by-products, or residues generated, resulting, or produced therefrom. 

31. Tenant s Remedies/Limitation of Liability . Landlord shall not be in default hereunder unless Landlord fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder within 30 days after written notice from Tenant specifying such failure (unless such performance will, due to the nature of the obligation, require a period of time in excess of 30 days, then after such period of time as is reasonably necessary). Upon any default by Landlord, Tenant shall give notice by registered or certified mail to any Holder of a Mortgage covering the Premises and to any landlord of any lease of property in or on which the Premises are located and Tenant shall offer such Holder and/or landlord a reasonable opportunity to cure the default, including time to obtain possession of the Project by power of sale or a judicial action if such should prove necessary to effect a cure; provided Landlord shall have furnished to Tenant in writing the names and addresses of all such persons who are to receive such notices. All obligations of Landlord hereunder shall be construed as covenants, not conditions; and, except as may be otherwise expressly provided in this Lease, Tenant may not terminate this Lease for breach of Landlord s obligations hereunder. 

All obligations of Landlord under this Lease will be binding upon Landlord only during the period of its ownership of the Premises and Landlord shall not be responsible for obligations arising from and after the date of the transfer of Landlord s interest in the Premises. The term Landlord in this Lease shall mean only the owner for the time being of the Premises. Upon the transfer by such owner of its interest in the Premises and a written assumption by new owner of the obligations of Landlord arising hereunder from and after the date of such transfer, such owner shall thereupon be released and 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 40 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 41 
 discharged from all obligations of Landlord thereafter accruing, but such obligations shall be binding during the Term upon each new owner for the duration of such owner s ownership. 
 
 32. Inspection and Access . Landlord and its agents, representatives, and contractors may enter the Premises at any reasonable time to inspect the Premises and to make such repairs as may be required or permitted pursuant to this Lease and for any other business purpose. Landlord and Landlord s representatives may enter the Premises during business hours on not less than 48 hours advance written notice (except in the case of emergencies in which case no such notice shall be required and such entry may be at any time) for the purpose of effecting any such repairs, inspecting the Premises, showing the Premises to prospective purchasers and, during the last year of the Term, to prospective tenants or for any other business purpose. Landlord may erect a suitable sign on the Premises stating the Premises are available to let or that the Project is available for sale. Landlord may grant easements, make public dedications, designate Common Areas and create restrictions on or about the Premises, provided that no such easement, dedication, designation or restriction materially, adversely affects Tenant s use or occupancy of the Premises for the Permitted Use. At Landlord s request, Tenant shall execute such instruments as may be necessary for such easements, dedications or restrictions. Tenant shall at all times, except in the case of emergencies, have the right to escort Landlord or its agents, representatives, contractors or guests while the same are in the Premises, provided such escort does not materially and adversely affect Landlord s access rights hereunder. Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to comply with Tenant s reasonable security requirements with respect to entering the Premises; provided, however, that Tenant has notified Landlord of such security requirements prior to Landlord s entry into the Premises. 

33. Security . Tenant acknowledges and agrees that security devices and services, if any, while intended to deter crime may not in given instances prevent theft or other criminal acts and that Landlord is not providing any security services with respect to the Premises. Tenant agrees that Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for, and Tenant waives any claim against Landlord with respect to, any loss by theft or any other damage suffered or incurred by Tenant in connection with any unauthorized entry into the Premises or any other breach of security with respect to the Premises. Tenant shall be solely responsible for the personal safety of Tenant s officers, employees, agents, contractors, guests and invitees while any such person is in, on or about the Premises and/or the Project. Tenant shall at Tenant s cost obtain insurance coverage to the extent Tenant desires protection against such criminal acts. 

Subject to the terms of this Lease, Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, shall have the right to install and maintain a security and card access system Tenant s Security System ), subject to the following conditions: (i) Tenant s plans and specifications for the proposed Tenant s Security System shall be subject to Landlord s prior written approval, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, however, that Tenant shall coordinate the installation and operation of Tenant s Security System with Landlord to assure that Tenant s Security System may be compatible with the Building s systems and equipment; (ii) Landlord shall be provided with keys, codes and/or access cards, as applicable, and means of immediate access to fully exercise all of its entry rights under the Lease with respect to the Premises; and (iii) Tenant shall keep Tenant s Security System in good operating condition and repair and Tenant shall be solely responsible, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, for the monitoring, operation and removal of Tenant s Security System. Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall remove Tenant s Security System. All costs and expenses associated with the removal of Tenant s Security System and the repair of any damage to the Premises and the Building resulting from the installation and/or removal of same shall be borne solely by Tenant. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, neither Landlord nor any Landlord Parties shall be directly or indirectly liable to Tenant, any Tenant Parties or any other person and Tenant hereby waives any and all claims against and releases Landlord and the Landlord Parties from any and all claims arising as a consequence of or related to Tenant s Security System, or the failure thereof. 
 
 34. Force Majeure . Except for the payment of Rent, neither Landlord nor Tenant shall be held responsible or liable for delays in the performance of its obligations hereunder when caused by, related to, or arising out of acts of God, sinkholes or subsidence, strikes, lockouts, or other labor disputes, 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 42 
 embargoes, quarantines, weather, national, regional, or local disasters, calamities, or catastrophes, inability to obtain labor or materials (or reasonable substitutes therefor) at reasonable costs or failure of, or inability to obtain, utilities necessary for performance, governmental restrictions, orders, limitations, regulations, or controls, national emergencies, local, regional or national epidemic or pandemic, delay in issuance or revocation of permits, enemy or hostile governmental action, terrorism, insurrection, riots, civil disturbance or commotion, fire or other casualty, and other causes or events beyond their reasonable control Force Majeure ). 
 
 35. Brokers . Landlord and Tenant each represents and warrants that it has not dealt with any broker, agent or other person (collectively, Broker in connection with this transaction and that no Broker brought about this transaction, other than Jones Land LaSalle. Landlord and Tenant each hereby agree to indemnify and hold the other harmless from and against any claims by any Broker, other than Jones Lang LaSalle, claiming a commission or other form of compensation by virtue of having dealt with Tenant or Landlord, as applicable, with regard to this leasing transaction. 

36. Limitation on Landlord s Liability . NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING SET FORTH HEREIN OR IN ANY OTHER AGREEMENT BETWEEN LANDLORD AND TENANT TO THE CONTRARY: (A) LANDLORD SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO TENANT OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (AND TENANT AND EACH SUCH OTHER PERSON ASSUME ALL RISK OF) LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY, WHETHER ACTUAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL TO: TENANT S PERSONAL PROPERTY OF EVERY KIND AND DESCRIPTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION TRADE FIXTURES, EQUIPMENT, INVENTORY, SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH, SCIENTIFIC EXPERIMENTS, LABORATORY ANIMALS, PRODUCT, SPECIMENS, SAMPLES, AND/OR SCIENTIFIC, BUSINESS, ACCOUNTING AND OTHER RECORDS OF EVERY KIND AND DESCRIPTION KEPT AT THE PREMISES AND ANY AND ALL INCOME DERIVED OR DERIVABLE THEREFROM; (B) THERE SHALL BE NO PERSONAL RECOURSE TO LANDLORD FOR ANY ACT OR OCCURRENCE IN, ON OR ABOUT THE PREMISES OR ARISING IN ANY WAY UNDER THIS LEASE OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT BETWEEN LANDLORD AND TENANT WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND ANY LIABILITY OF LANDLORD HEREUNDER SHALL BE STRICTLY LIMITED SOLELY TO LANDLORD S INTEREST IN THE PROJECT OR ANY PROCEEDS FROM SALE OR CONDEMNATION THEREOF AND ANY INSURANCE PROCEEDS PAYABLE IN RESPECT OF LANDLORD S INTEREST IN THE PROJECT OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH LOSS; AND (C) IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PERSONAL LIABILITY BE ASSERTED AGAINST LANDLORD IN CONNECTION WITH THIS LEASE NOR SHALL ANY RECOURSE BE HAD TO ANY OTHER PROPERTY OR ASSETS OF LANDLORD OR ANY OF LANDLORD S OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR CONTRACTORS. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL LANDLORD OR ANY OF LANDLORD S OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR CONTRACTORS BE LIABLE FOR INJURY TO TENANT S BUSINESS OR FOR ANY LOSS OF INCOME OR PROFIT THEREFROM. 

Tenant acknowledges and agrees that measures and/or services implemented at the Project, if any, intended to encourage social distancing, promote and protect health and physical well-being and/or intended to limit the spread of Infectious Conditions, may not prevent the spread of such Infectious Conditions. Neither Landlord nor any Landlord Indemnified Parties shall have any liability and Tenant waives any claims against Landlord and the Landlord Indemnified Parties with respect to any loss, damage or injury in connection with (x) the implementation, or failure of Landlord or any Landlord Indemnified Parties to implement, any measures and/or services at the Project intended to encourage social distancing, promote and protect health and physical well-being and/or intended to limit the spread of Infectious Conditions, or (y) the failure of any measures and/or services implemented at the Project, if any, to limit the spread of any Infectious Conditions. 
 
 37. Severability . If any clause or provision of this Lease is illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws, then and in that event, it is the intention of the parties hereto that the remainder of this Lease shall not be affected thereby. It is also the intention of the parties to this Lease that in lieu of each clause or provision of this Lease that is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, there be added, as a part of this Lease, a clause or provision as similar in effect to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable clause or provision as shall be legal, valid and enforceable. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 43 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 44 
 38. Signs; Exterior Appearance . Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of Landlord, which may be granted or withheld in Landlord s sole discretion: (i) attach any awnings, exterior lights, decorations, balloons, flags, pennants, banners, painting or other projection to any outside wall of the Project, (ii) use any curtains, blinds, shades or screens other than Landlord s standard window coverings, (iii) coat or otherwise sunscreen the interior or exterior of any windows, (iv) place any bottles, parcels, or other articles on the window sills, or (v) paint, affix or exhibit on any part of the Premises or the Project any signs, notices, window or door lettering, placards, decorations, or advertising media of any type which can be viewed from the exterior of the Premises. Tenant shall be required to obtain Landlord s written approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, prior to placing any equipment, furniture or other items of personal property on any exterior balcony. Tenant may install suite entry signage, at the sole cost and expense of Tenant, which signage shall be of a size, color and type acceptable to Landlord. 

Tenant shall also have the exclusive right to display, at Tenant s cost and expense, a sign bearing Tenant s name and/or logo on the monument sign serving the Building in a location designated by Landlord (the Monument Sign ). Tenant acknowledges that, notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall be permitted to place its name and/or logo on the Monument Sign. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Tenant s signage on the Monument Sign including, without limitation, the size, color and type, shall be subject to Landlord s prior written approval and shall be consistent with Landlord s signage program at the Project and applicable Legal Requirements. Tenant shall be responsible, at Tenant s sole cost and expense, for the fabrication, installation and maintenance of Tenant s signage on the Monument Sign, for the removal of Tenant s signage on the Monument Sign at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease and for the repair all damage resulting from such removal. 
 
 39. Right to Extend Term . Tenant shall have the right to extend the Term of this Lease upon the following terms and conditions: 

(a) Extension Right . Tenant shall have 1 right (the Extension Right to extend the term of this Lease for 5 years (the Extension Term on the same terms and conditions as this Lease (other than with respect to Base Rent and the Work Letter) by giving Landlord written notice of its election to exercise the Extension Right at least 12 months prior, and no earlier than 18 months prior, to the expiration of the Base Term of this Lease. 

Upon the commencement of any Extension Term, Base Rent shall be payable at the Market Rate (as defined below). Base Rent shall thereafter be adjusted on each annual anniversary of the commencement of such Extension Term by a percentage as determined by Landlord and agreed to by Tenant at the time the Market Rate is determined. As used herein, Market Rate shall mean the rate that comparable landlords of comparable buildings have accepted in current transactions from non-equity (i.e., not being offered equity in the buildings) and nonaffiliated tenants of similar financial strength for space of comparable size, quality (including all Tenant Improvements, Alterations and other improvements) and floor height in Class A laboratory/office buildings in the Waltham, Lexington and Bedford submarket for a comparable term, with the determination of the Market Rate to take into account all relevant factors, including tenant inducements, views, parking costs, leasing commissions, allowances or concessions (e.g., rental abatement), if any. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Market Rate shall in no event be less than the Base Rent payable as of the date immediately preceding the commencement of such Extension Term. In addition, Landlord may impose a market rent for the parking rights provided hereunder, provided a majority of landlords of comparable buildings in the submarket are charging tenants for parking. 
 
 If, on or before the date which is 180 days prior to the expiration of the Base Term of this Lease, Tenant has not agreed with Landlord s determination of the Market Rate and the rent escalations during the Extension Term after negotiating in good faith, Tenant shall be deemed to have elected arbitration as described in Section 39(b) . Tenant acknowledges and agrees that, if Tenant has elected to exercise the Extension Right by delivering notice to Landlord as required in this Section 39(a) , Tenant shall have no right thereafter to rescind or elect not to extend the term of this Lease for the Extension Term. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 45 
 (b) Arbitration . 

(i) Within 10 days of Tenant s notice to Landlord of its election (or deemed election) to arbitrate Market Rate and escalations, each party shall deliver to the other a proposal containing the Market Rate and escalations that the submitting party believes to be correct Extension Proposal ). If either party fails to timely submit an Extension Proposal, the other party s submitted proposal shall determine the Base Rent and escalations for the Extension Term. If both parties submit Extension Proposals, then Landlord and Tenant shall meet within 7 days after delivery of the last Extension Proposal and make a good faith attempt to mutually appoint a single Arbitrator (and defined below) to determine the Market Rate and escalations. If Landlord and Tenant are unable to agree upon a single Arbitrator, then each shall, by written notice delivered to the other within 10 days after the meeting, select an Arbitrator. If either party fails to timely give notice of its selection for an Arbitrator, the other party s submitted proposal shall determine the Base Rent for the Extension Term. The 2 Arbitrators so appointed shall, within 5 business days after their appointment, appoint a third Arbitrator. If the 2 Arbitrators so selected cannot agree on the selection of the third Arbitrator within the time above specified, then either party, on behalf of both parties, may request such appointment of such third Arbitrator by application to any state court of general jurisdiction in the jurisdiction in which the Premises are located, upon 10 days prior written notice to the other party of such intent. 

(ii) The decision of the Arbitrator(s) shall be made within 30 days after the appointment of a single Arbitrator or the third Arbitrator, as applicable. The decision of the single Arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties. The average of the two closest Arbitrators in a three Arbitrator panel shall be final and binding upon the parties. Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of the Arbitrator appointed by or on behalf of such party and the fees and expenses of the third Arbitrator shall be borne equally by both parties. If the Market Rate and escalations are not determined by the first day of the Extension Term, then Tenant shall pay Landlord Base Rent in an amount equal to the Base Rent in effect immediately prior to the Extension Term and increased by the Rent Adjustment Percentage until such determination is made. After the determination of the Market Rate and escalations, the parties shall make any necessary adjustments to such payments made by Tenant. Landlord and Tenant shall then execute an amendment recognizing the Market Rate and escalations for the Extension Term. 

(iii) An Arbitrator shall be any person appointed by or on behalf of either party or appointed pursuant to the provisions hereof and: (i) shall be (A) a member of the American Institute of Real Estate Appraisers with not less than 10 years of experience in the appraisal of improved office and high tech industrial real estate in the greater Boston metropolitan area, or (B) a licensed commercial real estate broker with not less than 15 years experience representing landlords and/or tenants in the leasing of high tech or life sciences space in the greater Boston metropolitan area, (ii) devoting substantially all of their time to professional appraisal or brokerage work, as applicable, at the time of appointment and (iii) be in all respects impartial and disinterested. 

(c) Rights Personal . The Extension Right is personal to Tenant and is not assignable without Landlord s consent, which may be granted or withheld in Landlord s sole discretion separate and apart from any consent by Landlord to an assignment of Tenant s interest in this Lease, except that it may be assigned in connection with an assignment of this Lease that constitutes a Permitted Assignment. 

(d) Exceptions . Notwithstanding anything set forth above to the contrary, the Extension Right shall, at Landlord s option, not be in effect and Tenant may not exercise the Extension Right: 

(i) during any period of time that Tenant is in Default under any provision of this Lease; or 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 46 
 (ii) if Tenant has been in Default under any provision of this Lease 3 or more times, whether or not the Defaults are cured, during the 12 month period immediately prior to the date that Tenant intends to exercise the Extension Right, whether or not the Defaults are cured. 

(e) No Extensions . The period of time within which the Extension Right may be exercised shall not be extended or enlarged by reason of Tenant s inability to exercise the Extension Right. 

(f) Termination . The Extension Right shall, at Landlord s option, terminate and be of no further force or effect even after Tenant s due and timely exercise of the Extension Right, if, after such exercise, but prior to the commencement date of the Extension Term, (i) Tenant fails to timely cure any default by Tenant under this Lease; or (ii) Tenant has Defaulted 3 or more times during the period from the date of the exercise of the Extension Right to the date of the commencement of the Extension Term, whether or not such Defaults are cured. 

40. Roof Equipment . As long as Tenant is not in default under this Lease, Tenant shall have the right at its sole cost and expense, subject to compliance with all Legal Requirements, to install, maintain, and remove on the roof of the Building directly above the Premises, HVAC equipment, one or more satellite dishes, communication antennae, or other equipment (all of which having a diameter and height acceptable to Landlord, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) for the transmission or reception of communication of signals as Tenant may from time to time desire (collectively, the Roof Equipment on the following terms and conditions: 

(a) Requirements . Tenant shall submit to Landlord (i) the plans and specifications for the installation of the Roof Equipment, (ii) copies of all required governmental and quasi-governmental permits, licenses, and authorizations that Tenant will and must obtain at its own expense, with the cooperation of Landlord, if necessary for the installation and operation of the Roof Equipment, and (iii) an insurance policy or certificate of insurance evidencing insurance coverage as required by this Lease and any other insurance as reasonably required by Landlord for the installation and operation of the Roof Equipment. Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold or delay its approval for the installation and operation of the Roof Equipment; provided , however , that Landlord may reasonably withhold its approval if the installation or operation of the Roof Equipment (A) may damage the structural integrity of the Building, (B) may void, terminate, or invalidate any applicable roof warranty, (C) may interfere with any service provided by Landlord or any tenant of the Building, (D) may reduce the leasable space in the Building, or (E) is not properly screened from the viewing public. 

(b) No Damage to Roof . If installation of the Roof Equipment requires Tenant to make any roof cuts or perform any other roofing work, such cuts shall only be made to the roof area of the Building located directly above the Premises and only in the manner reasonably designated in writing by Landlord; and any such installation work (including any roof cuts or other roofing work) shall be performed by Tenant, at Tenant s sole cost and expense by a roofing contractor designated by Landlord or reasonably approved by Landlord. If Tenant or its agents shall otherwise cause any damage to the roof during the installation, operation, and removal of the Roof Equipment such damage shall be repaired promptly at Tenant s expense and the roof shall be restored in the same condition it was in before the damage. Landlord shall not charge Tenant Additional Rent for the installation and use of the Roof Equipment. If, however, Landlord s insurance premium or Tax assessment increases as a result of the Roof Equipment, Tenant shall pay such increase as part of Operating Expenses to the extent attributable to the Roof Equipment. Except as expressly set forth in this Lease, Tenant shall not be entitled to any abatement or reduction in the amount of Rent payable under this Lease if for any reason Tenant is unable to use the Roof Equipment. In no event whatsoever shall the installation, operation, maintenance, or removal of the Roof Equipment by Tenant or its agents void, terminate, or invalidate any applicable roof warranty. 

(c) Protection . The installation, operation, and removal of the Roof Equipment shall be at Tenant s sole risk. Tenant shall indemnify, defend, and hold Landlord harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees) of every kind and description that may arise out of or be connected in any way with Tenant s installation, operation, or removal of the Roof Equipment. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 47 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 48 
 (d) Removal . At the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease or the discontinuance of the use of the Roof Equipment by Tenant, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, remove the Roof Equipment from the Building. Tenant shall leave the portion of the roof where the Roof Equipment was located in as good condition as when the Roof Equipment was installed, reasonable wear and tear excepted. If Tenant does not so remove the Roof Equipment at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease or, if earlier, within 30 days after the discontinuance of the use of the Roof Equipment by Tenant, Tenant hereby authorizes Landlord to remove and dispose of the Roof Equipment and charge Tenant as Additional Rent for all costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in such removal and disposal. Tenant agrees that Landlord shall not be liable for any Roof Equipment or related property disposed of or removed by Landlord pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. 

(e) No Interference . The Roof Equipment shall not interfere with the proper functioning of any telecommunications equipment or devices that have been installed or will be installed by Landlord. 

(f) Access . Landlord grants to Tenant the right of ingress and egress on a 24 hour 7 day per week basis to install, operate, and maintain the Roof Equipment. Before receiving access to the roof of the Building, Tenant shall give Landlord at least 24 hours advance written or oral notice, except in emergency situations, in which case 2 hours advance oral notice shall be given by Tenant. Landlord shall supply Tenant with the name, telephone, and pager numbers of the contact individual(s) responsible for providing access during emergencies. 

(g) Appearance . If permissible by Legal Requirements, the Roof Equipment shall be painted the same color as the Building so as to render the Roof Equipment virtually invisible from ground level. 

(h) No Assignment . The right of Tenant to use and operate the Roof Equipment shall be personal solely to Greenlight Biosciences Inc., and (i) no other person or entity shall have any right to use or operate the Roof Equipment, and (ii) Tenant shall not assign, convey, or otherwise transfer to any person or entity any right, title, or interest in all or any portion of the Roof Equipment or the use and operation thereof, other than in connection with a Permitted Assignment. 

41. Asbestos . 

(a) Notification of Asbestos . Landlord hereby notifies Tenant of the presence of asbestos- containing materials ACMs and/or presumed asbestos-containing materials PACMs within or about the Premises in the location identified in Exhibit H . 

(b) Tenant Acknowledgement . Tenant hereby acknowledges receipt of the notification in paragraph (a) of this Section 41 and understands that the purpose of such notification is to make Tenant and any agents, employees, and contractors of Tenant, aware of the presence of ACMs and/or PACMs within or about the Building in order to avoid or minimize any damage to or disturbance of such ACMs and/or PACMs. 

Tenant s Initials 
 
 (c) Acknowledgement from Contractors/Employees . Tenant shall give Landlord at least 14 days prior written notice before conducting, authorizing or permitting any of the activities listed below within or about the Premises, and before soliciting bids from any person to perform such services. Such notice shall identify or describe the proposed scope, location, date and time of such activities and the name, address and telephone number of each person who may be conducting such activities. Thereafter, Tenant shall grant Landlord reasonable access to the Premises to determine whether any ACMs or PACMs will be disturbed in connection with such activities. Tenant shall not solicit bids from any person for the performance of such activities without Landlord s prior written approval. Upon Landlord s request, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a copy of a signed acknowledgement from any contractor, 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 49 
 agent, or employee of Tenant acknowledging receipt of information describing the presence of ACMs and/or PACMs within or about the Premises in the locations identified in Exhibit H prior to the commencement of such activities. Nothing in this Section 41 shall be deemed to expand Tenant s rights under this Lease or otherwise to conduct, authorize or permit any such activities. 
 
 (i) Removal of thermal system insulation TSI and surfacing ACMs and PACMs (i.e., sprayed-on or troweled-on material, e.g., textured ceiling paint or fireproofing material); 

(ii) Removal of ACMs or PACMs that are not TSI or surfacing ACMs or PACMs; or 

(iii) Repair and maintenance of operations that are likely to disturb ACMs or PACMs. 

42. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Notices . All notices or other communications between the parties shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given upon delivery or refusal to accept delivery by the addressee thereof if delivered in person, or upon actual receipt if delivered by reputable overnight guaranty courier, addressed and sent to the parties at their addresses set forth above. Landlord and Tenant may from time to time by written notice to the other designate another address for receipt of future notices. 

(b) Joint and Several Liability . If and when included within the term Tenant , as used in this instrument, there is more than one person or entity, each shall be jointly and severally liable for the obligations of Tenant. 

(c) Financial Information . Tenant shall furnish Landlord with true and complete copies of 

(i) Tenant s most recent audited annual financial statements within 90 days of the end of each of Tenant s fiscal years during the Term, (ii) Tenant s most recent unaudited quarterly financial statements within 45 days of the end of each of Tenant s first three fiscal quarters of each of Tenant s fiscal years during the Term, (iii) at Landlord s request from time to time, updated business plans, including cash flow projections and/or pro forma balance sheets and income statements, all of which shall be treated by Landlord as confidential information belonging to Tenant, (iv) corporate brochures and/or profiles prepared by Tenant for prospective investors, and (v) any other financial information or summaries that Tenant typically provides to its lenders or shareholders. 
 
 (d) Recordation . Neither this Lease nor a memorandum of lease shall be filed by or on behalf of Tenant in any public record. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon Tenant s request and at Tenant s sole cost and expense, Landlord shall execute and notarize a memorandum of lease prepared by Tenant which memorandum shall contain only the following information and any other additional information that may be required by applicable law: (i) the names of the parties to the Lease, (ii) the description of the Premises and the Project, and (iii) the Term. Tenant shall file such memorandum of lease, at Tenant s sole cost. If Tenant fails, after written request from Landlord, to record a termination of the memorandum on the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease, Tenant shall be responsible for any damages suffered by Landlord (from any cause including, without limitation, resulting from any indemnities or certifications which may be made by Landlord in favor of third parties). The provisions of this Section 42(d) shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of the Lease. Landlord may prepare and file, and upon request by Landlord Tenant will execute, a memorandum of lease. 

(e) Interpretation . The normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Lease or any exhibits or amendments hereto. Words of any gender used in this Lease shall be held and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular number shall be held to include the plural, unless the context otherwise requires. The captions inserted in this Lease are for convenience only and in no way define, limit or otherwise describe the scope or intent of this Lease, or any provision hereof, or in any way affect the interpretation of this Lease. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 50 
 (f) Not Binding Until Executed . The submission by Landlord to Tenant of this Lease shall have no binding force or effect, shall not constitute an option for the leasing of the Premises, nor confer any right or impose any obligations upon either party until execution of this Lease by both parties. 

(g) Limitations on Interest . It is expressly the intent of Landlord and Tenant at all times to comply with applicable law governing the maximum rate or amount of any interest payable on or in connection with this Lease. If applicable law is ever judicially interpreted so as to render usurious any interest called for under this Lease, or contracted for, charged, taken, reserved, or received with respect to this Lease, then it is Landlord s and Tenant s express intent that all excess amounts theretofore collected by Landlord be credited on the applicable obligation (or, if the obligation has been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded to Tenant), and the provisions of this Lease immediately shall be deemed reformed and the amounts thereafter collectible hereunder reduced, without the necessity of the execution of any new document, so as to comply with the applicable law, but so as to permit the recovery of the fullest amount otherwise called for hereunder. 

(h) Choice of Law . Construction and interpretation of this Lease shall be governed by the internal laws of the state in which the Premises are located, excluding any principles of conflicts of laws. 

(i) Time . Time is of the essence as to the performance of Tenant s obligations under this 

Lease. 
 
 (j) OFAC . Tenant and all beneficial owners of Tenant are currently (a) in compliance with and shall at all times during the Term of this Lease remain in compliance with the regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC of the U.S. Department of Treasury and any statute, executive order, or regulation relating thereto (collectively, the OFAC Rules ), (b) not listed on, and shall not during the term of this Lease be listed on, the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List, or the Sectoral Sanctions Identification List, which are all maintained by OFAC and/or on any other similar list maintained by OFAC or other governmental authority pursuant to any authorizing statute, executive order, or regulation, and (c) not a person or entity with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from conducting business under the OFAC Rules. 

(k) Incorporation by Reference . All exhibits and addenda attached hereto are hereby incorporated into this Lease and made a part hereof. If there is any conflict between such exhibits or addenda and the terms of this Lease, such exhibits or addenda shall control. 

(l) Entire Agreement . This Lease, including the exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between Landlord and Tenant pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, letters of intent, negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written, of the parties, and there are no warranties, representations or other agreements, express or implied, made to either party by the other party in connection with the subject matter hereof except as specifically set forth herein. 

(m) No Accord and Satisfaction . No payment by Tenant or receipt by Landlord of a lesser amount than the monthly installment of Base Rent or any Additional Rent will be other than on account of the earliest stipulated Base Rent and Additional Rent, nor will any endorsement or statement on any check or letter accompanying a check for payment of any Base Rent or Additional Rent be an accord and satisfaction. Landlord may accept such check or payment without prejudice to Landlord s right to recover the balance of such Rent or to pursue any other remedy provided in this Lease. 

(n) Hazardous Activities . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Lease, Landlord, for itself and its employees, agents and contractors, reserves the right to refuse to perform any repairs or services in any portion of the Premises which, pursuant to Tenant s routine safety guidelines, practices or custom or prudent industry practices, require any form of protective clothing or equipment other than safety glasses. In any such case, Tenant shall contract with parties who are acceptable to Landlord, in Landlord s reasonable discretion, for all such repairs and services, and Landlord shall, to the extent 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 51 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 52 
 required, equitably adjust Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses in respect of such repairs or services to reflect that Landlord is not providing such repairs or services to Tenant. 
 
 (o) Shuttle Services . Landlord and affiliates of Landlord plan to provide a campus shuttle service for the Project and other buildings in the vicinity of the Project that are owned by affiliates of Landlord (the Shuttle Service ); provided , however , that neither Landlord nor any affiliate of Landlord shall be obligated to provide the Shuttle Service (or, once the Shuttle Service has commenced, to continue providing the Shuttle Service for any specific period of time) or to cause the Shuttle Service to follow any specific route, make any specific stops, or adhere to any specific schedule or hours of operation. If Landlord and affiliates of Landlord actually commence operation of the Shuttle Service, (i) Landlord shall give Tenant written notice of the date such operation will commence Shuttle Services Commencement Date and the planned route, stops, schedule, and hours of operation, (ii) Landlord shall permit Tenant s employees actually employed at the Project to use the Shuttle Service, and (iii) regardless of whether Tenant s employees use the Shuttle Services, commencing on later to occur of (x) the Shuttle Services Commencement Date, or the Commencement Date, through the earlier of the expiration of the Term or the date that Landlord permanently ceases to provide Shuttle Service, Operating Expenses shall include the cost of provision the Shuttle Service (the Shuttle Service Costs ). Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Landlord has not made any representations or warranties regarding the commencement or continued availability of the Shuttle Service and that Tenant is not entering into this Lease with an expectation that the Shuttle Service shall commence or continue to be available to Tenant throughout the Term. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant a written estimate of Shuttle Service Costs for each calendar year during the Term, and if Tenant desires to opt out of using the Shuttle Service for a particular calendar year, Tenant shall deliver written notice to Landlord of such election within 15 business days after receipt of the written estimate for such calendar year; provided, however, that if Tenant or any of its employees utilize the Shuttle Services following Tenant s opting out, the Shuttle Service Costs shall be included in Operating Expenses going forward for that calendar year (and retroactive to the first day of such use). If Tenant does not deliver written notice to Landlord of its election to opt out of using the Shuttle Services for such calendar year within 15 business days after receipt of the written estimate, then Tenant shall be deemed to have not opted out of using the Shuttle Services for such calendar year. 

(p) Counterparts . This Lease may be executed in 2 or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature process complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes. Electronic signatures shall be deemed original signatures for purposes of this Lease and all matters related thereto, with such electronic signatures having the same legal effect as original signatures. 

[ Signatures on next page ] 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Net Laboratory Lease 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 53 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed this Lease as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 TENANT: 
 
 GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES INC. , 
 
 a Delaware corporation 

By: Its: 
 
 X I hereby certify that the signature, name, and title above are my signature, name and title. 

LANDLORD: 
 
 ARE-MA REGION NO. 8, LLC , 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 By:	ARE-HARTWELL MM, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, managing member 
 
 By:	ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., 
 a Delaware limited partnership, managing member 
 
 By:	ARE-QRS CORP., 
 a Maryland corporation, general partner 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 1 
 EXHIBIT A TO LEASE 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF PREMISES 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 1 
 EXHIBIT B TO LEASE DESCRIPTION OF PROJECT 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 1 
 EXHIBIT C TO LEASE WORK LETTER 
 THIS WORK LETTER (this Work Letter is incorporated into that certain Lease Agreement (the 
 Lease dated as of February 9 , 2022, by and between ARE-MA REGION NO. 8, LLC , a Delaware 
 
 limited liability company Landlord ), and GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES INC. , a Delaware corporation Tenant ). Any initially capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Lease. 
 
 1. General Requirements . 

(a) Tenant s Authorized Representative . Tenant designates Carole Cobb and Tom Gehrin (either such individual acting alone, Tenant s Representative as the only persons authorized to act for Tenant pursuant to this Work Letter. Landlord shall not be obligated to respond to or act upon any request, approval, inquiry or other communication Communication from or on behalf of Tenant in connection with this Work Letter unless such Communication is in writing from Tenant s Representative. Tenant may change either Tenant s Representative at any time upon not less than 5 business days advance written notice to Landlord. 

(b) Landlord s Authorized Representative . Landlord designates Dawn Leaman and Paul Tedesco (either such individual acting alone, Landlord s Representative as the only persons authorized to act for Landlord pursuant to this Work Letter. Tenant shall not be obligated to respond to or act upon any request, approval, inquiry or other Communication from or on behalf of Landlord in connection with this Work Letter unless such Communication is in writing from Landlord s Representative. Landlord may change either Landlord s Representative at any time upon not less than 5 business days advance written notice to Tenant. 

(c) Architects, Consultants and Contractors . Landlord and Tenant hereby acknowledge and agree that the architect (the TI Architect for the Tenant Improvements (as defined in Section 2(a) below), the general contractor for the Tenant Improvements (the General Contractor ), and any subcontractors for the Tenant Improvements shall be selected by Tenant, subject to Landlord s reasonable approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Landlord shall be named a third party beneficiary of any contract entered into by Tenant with the TI Architect, any consultant, any contractor or any subcontractor, and of any warranty made by any contractor or any subcontractor. 

2. Tenant Improvements . 

(a) Tenant Improvements Defined . As used herein, Tenant Improvements shall mean all improvements to the Premises desired by Tenant of a fixed and permanent nature. Other than funding the TI Allowance (as defined below) as provided herein, Landlord shall not have any obligation whatsoever with respect to the finishing of the Premises for Tenant s use and occupancy. 

(b) Tenant s Space Plans . Tenant shall deliver to Landlord schematic drawings and outline specifications (the Space Plans detailing Tenant s requirements for the Tenant Improvements within 60 days of the date hereof. Not more than 10 days thereafter, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant the written objections, questions or comments of Landlord and the TI Architect with regard to the Space Plans. Tenant shall cause the Space Plans to be revised to address such written comments and shall resubmit said drawings to Landlord for approval within 10 days thereafter. Such process shall continue until Landlord has approved the Space Plans. 

(c) Working Drawings . Not later than 30 business days following the approval of the Space Plans by Landlord, Tenant shall cause the TI Architect to prepare and deliver to Landlord for review and 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 2 
 comment construction plans, specifications and drawings for the Tenant Improvements TI Construction 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 3 
 Drawings ), which TI Construction Drawings shall be prepared substantially in accordance with the Space Plans. Tenant shall be solely responsible for ensuring that the TI Construction Drawings reflect Tenant s requirements for the Tenant Improvements. Landlord shall deliver its written comments on the TI Construction Drawings to Tenant not later than 10 business days after Landlord s receipt of the same; provided, however, that Landlord may not disapprove any matter that is consistent with the Space Plans. Tenant and the TI Architect shall consider all such comments in good faith and shall, within 10 business days after receipt, notify Landlord how Tenant proposes to respond to such comments. Any disputes in connection with such comments shall be resolved in accordance with Section 2(d) hereof. Provided that the design reflected in the TI Construction Drawings is consistent with the Space Plans, Landlord shall approve the TI Construction Drawings submitted by Tenant. Once approved by Landlord, subject to the provisions of Section 4 below, Tenant shall not materially modify the TI Construction Drawings except as may be reasonably required in connection with the issuance of the TI Permit (as defined in Section 3(a) below). 
 
 (d) Approval and Completion . If any dispute regarding the design of the Tenant Improvements is not settled within 10 business days after notice of such dispute is delivered by one party to the other, Tenant may make the final decision regarding the design of the Tenant Improvements, provided (i) Tenant acts reasonably and such final decision is either consistent with or a compromise between Landlord s and Tenant s positions with respect to such dispute, (ii) that all costs and expenses resulting from any such decision by Tenant shall be payable out of the TI Fund (as defined in Section 5(d) below), and (iii) Tenant s decision will not affect the base Building, structural components of the Building or any Building systems (in which case Landlord shall make the final decision). Any changes to the TI Construction Drawings following Landlord s and Tenant s approval of same requested by Tenant shall be processed as provided in Section 4 hereof. 

3. Performance of the Tenant Improvements . 

(a) Commencement and Permitting of the Tenant Improvements . Tenant shall commence construction of the Tenant Improvements upon obtaining and delivering to Landlord a building permit (the TI Permit authorizing the construction of the Tenant Improvements consistent with the TI Construction Drawings approved by Landlord. The cost of obtaining the TI Permit shall be payable from the TI Fund. Landlord shall assist Tenant in obtaining the TI Permit. Prior to the commencement of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a copy of any contract with Tenant s contractors (including the TI Architect), and certificates of insurance from any contractor performing any part of the Tenant Improvement evidencing industry standard commercial general liability, automotive liability, builder s risk , and workers compensation insurance. Tenant shall cause the General Contractor to provide a certificate of insurance naming Landlord, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., and Landlord s lender (if any) as additional insureds for the General Contractor s liability coverages required above. 

(b) Selection of Materials, Etc . Where more than one type of material or structure is indicated on the TI Construction Drawings approved by Tenant and Landlord, the option will be within Tenant s reasonable discretion if the matter concerns the Tenant Improvements, and within Landlord s sole and absolute subjective discretion if the matter concerns the structural components of the Building or any Building system. 

(c) Tenant Liability . Tenant shall be responsible for correcting any deficiencies or defects in the Tenant Improvements. 

(d) Substantial Completion . Tenant shall substantially complete or cause to be substantially completed the Tenant Improvements in a good and workmanlike manner, in accordance with the TI Permit subject, in each case, to Minor Variations and normal punch list items of a non-material nature which do not interfere with the use of the Premises Substantial Completion or Substantially Complete ). Upon Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall require the TI Architect and the General Contractor to execute and deliver, for the benefit of Tenant and Landlord, a Certificate of Substantial Completion in the form of the American Institute of Architects AIA document G704. For purposes of this Work Letter, Minor Variations shall mean any modifications reasonably 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 4 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 5 
 required: (i) to comply with all applicable Legal Requirements and/or to obtain or to comply with any required permit (including the TI Permit); (ii) to comport with good design, engineering, and construction practices which are not material; or (iii) to make reasonable adjustments for field deviations or conditions encountered during the construction of the Tenant Improvements. 
 
 4. Changes . Any changes requested by Tenant to the Tenant Improvements after the delivery and approval by Landlord of the Space Plans, shall be requested and instituted in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 and shall be subject to the written approval of Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

(a) Tenant s Right to Request Changes . If Tenant shall request changes Changes ), Tenant shall request such Changes by notifying Landlord in writing in substantially the same form as the AIA standard change order form (a Change Request ), which Change Request shall detail the nature and extent of any such Change. Such Change Request must be delivered by Tenant s Representative. Landlord shall review and approve or disapprove such Change Request within 5 business days thereafter, provided that Landlord s approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

(b) Implementation of Changes . If Landlord approves such Change, Tenant may cause the approved Change to be instituted. If any TI Permit modification or change is required as a result of such Change, Tenant shall promptly provide Landlord with a copy of such TI Permit modification or change. 

5. Costs . 

(a) Budget For Tenant Improvements . Before the commencement of construction of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall obtain a detailed breakdown, by trade, of the costs incurred or that will be incurred, in connection with the design and construction of the Tenant Improvements (the Budget ), and deliver a copy of the Budget to Landlord for Landlord s approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The Budget shall be based upon the TI Construction Drawings approved by Landlord. The Budget shall include a payment to Landlord of administrative rent Administrative Rent equal to 1 of the TI Costs (as hereinafter defined) for monitoring and inspecting the construction of the Tenant Improvements, which sum shall be payable from the TI Fund. Such Administrative Rent shall include, without limitation, all out-of-pocket costs, expenses and fees incurred by or on behalf of Landlord arising from, out of, or in connection with, such monitoring of the construction of the Tenant Improvements, and shall be payable out of the TI Fund. 

(b) TI Allowance . Landlord shall provide to Tenant a tenant improvement allowance (collectively, the TI Allowance as follows: 

1. a Tenant Improvement Allowance in the maximum amount of 25.00 per rentable square foot in the Premises, which is included in the Base Rent set forth in the Lease; and 

2. an Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance in the maximum amount of 

35.00 per rentable square foot in the Premises, which shall, to the extent used, result in TI Rent as set forth in Section 4(b) of the Lease. 
 
 Before commencing the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall notify Landlord how much Additional Tenant Improvement Allowance Tenant has elected to receive from Landlord. Such election shall be final and binding on Tenant, and may not thereafter be modified without Landlord s consent, which may be granted or withheld in Landlord s sole and absolute subjective discretion. The TI Allowance shall be disbursed in accordance with this Work Letter. 
 
 (c) Tenant shall have no right to the use or benefit (including any reduction to Base Rent) of any portion of the TI Allowance not required for the construction of (i) the Tenant Improvements described 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 6 
 in the TI Construction Drawings approved pursuant to Section 2(d) or (ii) any Changes pursuant to Section 4 . Tenant shall have no right to any portion of the TI Allowance that is not disbursed before the last day of the month that is 18 months after the Commencement Date. 
 
 (d) Costs Includable in TI Fund . The TI Fund shall be used solely for the payment of design, permits and construction costs in connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements, including, without limitation, the cost of electrical power and other utilities used in connection with the construction of the Tenant Improvements, the cost of preparing the Space Plans and the TI Construction Drawings, all costs set forth in the Budget, including Landlord s Administrative Rent, and the cost of Changes (collectively, TI Costs ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the TI Fund shall not be used to purchase any furniture, personal property or other non-Building system materials or equipment, including, but not be limited to, Tenant s voice or data cabling, non-ducted biological safety cabinets and other scientific equipment not incorporated into the Tenant Improvements. 

(e) Excess TI Costs . Landlord shall have no obligation to bear any portion of the cost of any of the Tenant Improvements except to the extent of the TI Allowance. If at any time and from time-to- time, the remaining TI Costs under the Budget exceed the remaining unexpended TI Allowance Excess TI Costs monthly disbursements of the TI Allowance shall be made on a pari passu basis in the proportion that the remaining TI Allowance bears to the outstanding TI Costs under the Budget, and Tenant shall fund the balance of each such monthly draw. For purposes of any litigation instituted with regard to such amounts, those amounts will be deemed Rent under the Lease. The TI Allowance and Excess TI Costs is herein referred to as the TI Fund . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 5(d) , Tenant shall be fully and solely liable for TI Costs and the cost of Minor Variations in excess of the TI Allowance. If upon Substantial Completion of the Tenant Improvements and the payment of all sums due in connection therewith there remains any undisbursed portion of the TI Fund, Tenant shall be entitled to such undisbursed TI Fund solely to the extent of any Excess TI Costs deposit Tenant has actually made with Landlord. 

(f) Payment for TI Costs . During the course of design and construction of the Tenant Improvements, Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for TI Costs once a month against a draw request in Landlord's standard form, containing evidence of payment of such TI Costs by Tenant and such certifications, lien waivers (including a conditional lien release for each progress payment and unconditional lien releases for the prior month's progress payments), inspection reports and other matters as Landlord customarily obtains, to the extent of Landlord's approval thereof for payment, no later than 30 days following receipt of such draw request. Upon completion of the Tenant Improvements (and prior to any final disbursement of the TI Fund), Tenant shall deliver to Landlord: (i) sworn statements setting forth the names of all contractors and first tier subcontractors who did the work and final, unconditional lien waivers from all such contractors and first tier subcontractors; (ii) as-built plans (one copy in print format and one copy in electronic CAD format) for such Tenant Improvements; (iii) a certification of substantial completion in Form AIA G704, (iv) a certificate of occupancy for the Premises; and (v) copies of all operation and maintenance manuals and warranties affecting the Premises. 

(g) Tenant Improvement Progress Reports. On or before the 10 th day of each calendar month during the course of design and construction of the Tenant Improvements, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord a Tenant Improvement progress report in the form of Schedule 1 completed to provide all of the most up-to-date information regarding Tenant s progress with respect the design and construction of the Tenant Improvements in addition to the corresponding AIA forms G702 and G703, if applicable, for all contracted costs. Concurrently with each progress report, Tenant shall also deliver to Landlord a forecast in the form of Schedule 2 completed to provide the projected remaining TI Costs. 

6. Miscellaneous . 

(a) Consents . Whenever consent or approval of either party is required under this Work Letter, that party shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay such consent or approval, except as may be expressly set forth herein to the contrary. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 7 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 8 
 (b) Modification . No modification, waiver or amendment of this Work Letter or of any of its conditions or provisions shall be binding upon Landlord or Tenant unless in writing signed by Landlord and Tenant. 

(c) No Default Funding . In no event shall Landlord have any obligation to fund any portion of the TI Allowance during any period that Tenant is in Default under the Lease. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 9 
 Schedule 1 
 
 Tenant Improvement Progress Report 

Project Address: 

Certification Period: 

1a. Original Project Budget, funded by Allowance 

1a. Original Project Budget, funded by Tenant 

1. Total Original Project Budget (Line 1a + 1b) 

2. Net change by Change Orders/Update to budget 

3. Current budget to date (Line 1 + 2) 

4. Total soft costs incurred to date, if any 

5. Total contracted costs incurred to date (a) 

6. Total costs incurred to date	(Lines 4 + 5) 

7. Remaining balance to budget (Line 3 less Line 6) 

Amounts above shall exclude furniture, equipment, and other moveable personal property. Please attach corresponding AIA Forms G702 and G703 for contracted costs incurred, including costs incurred, but not paid. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Work Letter Tenant Build 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 10 
 
 Schedule 2 TI Cost Forecast 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 1 
 EXHIBIT D TO LEASE ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF COMMENCEMENT DATE 
 This ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF COMMENCEMENT DATE is made this 	 day of 
 	 , , between ARE-MA REGION NO. 8, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES INC. , a Delaware corporation Tenant ), and is attached to and made a part of the Lease dated 	 , 	 (the Lease ), by and between Landlord and Tenant. Any initially capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given them in the Lease. 
 
 Landlord and Tenant hereby acknowledge and agree, for all purposes of the Lease, that the 
 Commencement Date of the Base Term of the Lease is 	 , 	 , the Rent 
 Commencement Date is 	 , , and the termination date of the Base Term of the Lease shall be midnight on 		 , . In case of a conflict between the terms of the Lease and the terms of this Acknowledgment of Commencement Date, this Acknowledgment of Commencement Date shall control for all purposes. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed this ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF COMMENCEMENT DATE to be effective on the date first above written. 
 
 TENANT: 
 
 GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES INC. , 
 a Delaware corporation 

By: 	 Its: 	 
 
 I hereby certify that the signature, name, and title above are my signature, name and title. 
 
 LANDLORD: 
 
 ARE-MA REGION NO. 8, LLC , 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 By:	ARE-HARTWELL MM, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company, managing member 
 
 By:	ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., 
 a Delaware limited partnership, managing member 
 
 By:	ARE-QRS CORP., 
 a Maryland corporation, general partner 

By:	 	 Its:	 	 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Rules and Regulations 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 1 
 EXHIBIT E TO LEASE 
 
 Rules and Regulations 
 
 1. The sidewalk, entries, and driveways of the Project shall not be obstructed by Tenant, or any Tenant Party, or used by them for any purpose other than ingress and egress to and from the Premises. 

2. Tenant shall not place any objects, including antennas, outdoor furniture, etc., in the parking areas, landscaped areas or other areas outside of its Premises, or on the roof of the Project. 

3. Except for animals assisting the disabled, no animals shall be allowed in the offices, halls, or corridors in the Project. 

4. Tenant shall not disturb the occupants of the Project or adjoining buildings by the use of any radio or musical instrument or by the making of loud or improper noises. 

5. If Tenant desires telegraphic, telephonic or other electric connections in the Premises, Landlord or its agent will direct the electrician as to where and how the wires may be introduced; and, without such direction, no boring or cutting of wires will be permitted. Any such installation or connection shall be made at Tenant s expense. 

6. Tenant shall not install or operate any steam or gas engine or boiler, or other mechanical apparatus in the Premises, except as specifically approved in the Lease. The use of oil, gas or inflammable liquids for heating, lighting or any other purpose is expressly prohibited. Explosives or other articles deemed extra hazardous shall not be brought into the Project. 

7. Parking any type of recreational vehicles is specifically prohibited on or about the Project. Except for the overnight parking of operative vehicles, no vehicle of any type shall be stored in the parking areas at any time. In the event that a vehicle is disabled, it shall be removed within 48 hours. There shall be no For Sale or other advertising signs on or about any parked vehicle. All vehicles shall be parked in the designated parking areas in conformity with all signs and other markings. All parking will be open parking, and no reserved parking, numbering or lettering of individual spaces will be permitted except as specified by Landlord. 

8. Tenant shall take reasonable measures to maintain the Premises free from rodents, insects and other pests, unless consented to in writing by Landlord. 

9. Landlord reserves the right to exclude or expel from the Project any person who, in the judgment of Landlord, is intoxicated or under the influence of liquor or drugs or who shall in any manner do any act in violation of the Rules and Regulations of the Project. 

10. Tenant shall not cause any unnecessary labor by reason of Tenant s carelessness or indifference in the preservation of good order and cleanliness. Landlord shall not be responsible to Tenant for any loss of property on the Premises, however occurring, or for any damage done to the effects of Tenant by the janitors or any other employee or person. 

11. Tenant shall give Landlord prompt notice of any defects in the water, lawn sprinkler, sewage, gas pipes, electrical lights and fixtures, heating apparatus, or any other service equipment affecting the Premises. 

12. Tenant shall not permit storage outside the Premises, including without limitation, outside storage of trucks and other vehicles, or dumping of waste or refuse or permit any harmful materials to be placed in any drainage system or sanitary system in or about the Premises. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Rules and Regulations 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 2 
 13. All moveable trash receptacles provided by the trash disposal firm for the Premises must be kept in the trash enclosure areas, if any, provided for that purpose. 

14. No auction, public or private, will be permitted on the Premises or the Project. 

15. No awnings shall be placed over the windows in the Premises except with the prior written consent of Landlord. 

16. The Premises shall not be used for lodging, sleeping or cooking (except that Tenant may use microwave ovens, toasters and coffee makers in the Premises for the benefit of Tenant s employees and contractors in an area designated for such items, but only if the use thereof is at all times supervised by the individual using the same) or for any immoral or illegal purposes or for any purpose other than that specified in the Lease. No gaming devices shall be operated in the Premises. 

17. Tenant shall ascertain from Landlord the maximum amount of electrical current which can safely be used in the Premises, taking into account the capacity of the electrical wiring in the Project and the Premises and the needs of other tenants, and shall not use more than such safe capacity. Landlord s consent to the installation of electric equipment shall not relieve Tenant from the obligation not to use more electricity than such safe capacity. 

18. Tenant assumes full responsibility for protecting the Premises from theft, robbery and pilferage. 

19. Tenant shall not install or operate on the Premises any machinery or mechanical devices of a nature not directly related to Tenant s ordinary use of the Premises and shall keep all such machinery free of vibration, noise and air waves which may be transmitted beyond the Premises. 

20. Tenant shall cause any vendors and other service providers hired by Tenant to perform services at the Premises or the Project to maintain in effect workers compensation insurance as required by Legal Requirements and commercial general liability insurance with coverage amounts reasonably acceptable to Landlord. Tenant shall cause such vendors and service providers to name Landlord and Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. as additional insureds under such policies and shall provide Landlord with certificates of insurance evidencing the required coverages (and showing Landlord and Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. as additional insureds under such policies) prior to the applicable vendor or service provider providing any services to Tenant at the Project. 

21. Neither Tenant nor any of the Tenant Parties shall have the right to photograph, videotape, film, digitally record or by any other means record, transmit and/or distribute any images, pictures or videos of all or any portion of the Premises or the Project that could identify the Project or the name of the Project, or that identify Landlord or any other tenants or any affiliates of Landlord or any other tenants. The foregoing is not meant to prohibit individual employees from taking and disseminating photos of themselves or other people within the Premises or at the Project so long as neither the Building nor any proprietary information, equipment or improvements of Landlord are included within such photos. 

22. Tenant shall regularly review the guidelines published by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and any state and/or local Governmental Authorities, and will implement the practices and procedures suggested thereby, as well as industry standard best practices, to prevent the spread of Infectious Conditions, including, without limitation, COVID-19. 

23. Landlord shall have the right to (a) require tenants to implement and enforce reasonable screening and tracking protocols intended to identify and track the activity at the Project of employees, agents, contractors and visitors seeking access to or accessing the Premises and or the Project exhibiting flu-like symptoms or symptoms consistent with those associated with any currently known or unknown Infectious Conditions including, without limitation, COVID-19 (collectively, Symptoms ), (b) require tenant employees, agents, contractors and visitors to comply with reasonable screening and tracking 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Rules and Regulations 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 3 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 Rules and Regulations 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 4 
 protocols implemented by Landlord, Landlord s property manager and/or any operator of Project Amenities, intended to identify and track the activity at the Project of individuals seeking access to or accessing the Premises or the Project (including the Project Amenities) exhibiting Symptoms, (c) require tenants to implement and enforce protocols to prohibit individuals exhibiting Symptoms, from accessing the Premises and/or the Project, (d) require tenants to immediately report to Landlord incidences of (i) tenant employees, agents, contractors and visitors accessing the Premises or any portion of the Project while exhibiting Symptoms, and/or (ii) tenant employees, agents, contractors and visitors known to have accessed the Premises or the Project being diagnosed with an Infectious Condition including, without limitation, COVID-19. 
 
 24. Landlord may exclude or expel from the Project any person that has Symptoms associated with any currently known or unknown Infectious Condition including, without limitation, COVID- 19. 

25. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if, at any time during the Term, Landlord becomes aware that any Tenant Party exhibiting Symptoms and/or diagnosed with an Infectious Condition had access to the Premises or any portion of the Project (including, without limitation, the Project Amenities), Tenant shall be responsible for any costs incurred by Landlord to perform additional or deep cleaning of the Premises and/or the Common Areas of the Project or to take other measures deemed reasonably necessary or prudent by Landlord which are intended to limit the spread of such Infectious Condition due to such Tenant Party s presence at the Project. 

26. Landlord reserves the right to implement additional rules and regulations relating to access to the Premises, the Building and/or the Project (including, without limitation, the Project Amenities) which are intended to promote and protect health and physical well-being and/or intended to limit the spread of Infectious Conditions. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 1 
 EXHIBIT F TO LEASE TENANT S PERSONAL PROPERTY 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment and any personal property installed by Tenant prior to or following the Commencement Date that is not paid for by the TI Allowance and is not built-in and can be removed without material damage to the Premises. 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 1 
 EXHIBIT G TO LEASE 
 
 MAINTENANCE OBLIGATIONS 

DocuSign Envelope ID: 3D9421BF-E23B-4F57-8C3D-FC854D1C296D 
 29 Hartwell Avenue Suite 100/Greenlight - Page 1 
 EXHIBIT H TO LEASE 
 
 NOTIFICATION OF THE PRESENCE OF ASBESTOS CONTAINING MATERIALS 
 
 This notification provides certain information about asbestos within or about the Premises at 29 Hartwell, Lexington, MA Building ). 
 
 Historically, asbestos was commonly used in building products used in the construction of buildings across the country. Asbestos-containing building products were used because they are fire-resistant and provide good noise and temperature insulation. Because of their prevalence, asbestos-containing materials, or ACMs, are still sometimes found in buildings today. 
 
 Asbestos surveys of the Building determined that ACMs and/or materials that might contain asbestos, referred to as presumed asbestos-containing materials or PACMs, were found at the property, including various floor tiles, mastic, and roofing materials. The flooring materials have since been abated and ACMs known to remain at the property are asphalt-based roofing materials located on Building 2, 3, and 
 4. The ACMs described above were generally observed in good condition and may be managed in place. Because ACMs and PACMs may be present and may continue to be present within or about the Building, we have hired an independent environmental consulting firm to prepare an operations and maintenance program O M Program ). The O M Program is designed to minimize the potential of any harmful asbestos exposure to any person within or about the Building. The O M Program includes a description of work methods to be taken in order to maintain any ACMs or PACMs within or about the Building in good condition and to prevent any significant disturbance of such ACMs or PACMs. Appropriate personnel receive regular periodic training on how to properly administer the O M Program. 
 
 The O M Program describes the risks associated with asbestos exposure and how to prevent such exposure through appropriate work practices. ACMs and PACMs generally are not thought to be a threat to human health unless asbestos fibers are released into the air and inhaled. This does not typically occur unless (1) the ACMs are in a deteriorating condition, or (2) the ACMs have been significantly disturbed (such as through abrasive cleaning, or maintenance or renovation activities). If inhaled, asbestos fibers can accumulate in the lungs and, as exposure increases, the risk of disease (such as asbestosis or cancer) increases. However, measures to minimize exposure, and consequently minimize the accumulation of asbestos fibers, reduce the risks of adverse health effects. 
 
 The O M Program describes a number of activities that should be avoided in order to prevent a release of asbestos fibers. In particular, you should be aware that some of the activities which may present a health risk include moving, drilling, boring, or otherwise disturbing ACMs. Consequently, such activities should not be attempted by any person not qualified to handle ACMs. 
 
 The O M Program is available for review during regular business hours at Landlord s office located at One Innovation Drive, Worcester, MA 01605. 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 grna-ex10_30.htm
 EX-10.30

EX-10 

Execution Version 
 Certain identified information has been omitted from this exhibit because it is not material and of the type that the reigstrant treats as private or confidential. [ ] indicates that information has been omitted. 
 COLLABORATION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 This Collaboration and License Agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of January 8, 2023 (the Effective Date ), is by and between GreenLight Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation GreenLight ), and EpiVax Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation EVT and collectively, the Parties , or each, individually, a Party ). 
 
 WHEREAS, GreenLight and EVT desire to jointly and collaboratively research, develop and commercialize one or more Products (as defined below) in the Field (as defined below) as set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and terms and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 
 1. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings: 

1.1 Additional Indication means any indication other than the Initial Indication that the Parties agree to incorporate into the Development Plan and Budget in accordance with Section 4.6 . 

1.2 Adverse Event has the meaning set forth in 21 C.F.R. 312.32 and generally means any unintended and unfavorable medical occurrence associated with the use of a Product in a human patient or subject who is administered a Product, whether or not considered related to such Product. 

1.3 Affiliate of a Person means any other Person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition only, the term control means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50 of the voting securities of a Person, and controlled by and under common control with have correlative meanings. 

1.4 Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble. 

1.5 Annual Period means each period of twelve (12) consecutive months beginning on January 1. 

1.6 Background Patent means, individually or collectively, the GreenLight Background Patent and EVT Background Patent licensed under Section 2.1 . 

1.7 Background Technology means, individually or collectively, the GreenLight Background Technology and EVT Background Technology licensed under Section 2.1 . 

1.8 Business Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in New York, NY are authorized or required by Law to be closed for business. 

1.9 Change of Control means, with respect to a Party: (a) an acquisition, reorganization, merger, or consolidation of such Party by or with a Third Party in which the holders of the voting securities of such Party outstanding immediately before such transaction cease to beneficially own at least fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the surviving entity, directly or indirectly, immediately after such transaction; (b) a transaction or series of related transactions in which a Third Party, together with its Affiliates (if applicable), becomes the beneficial owner of fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding securities of such Party; or (c) the sale or other transfer to a Third Party of all or substantially all of such Party's assets. 

1.10 Clinical Trial means a Phase 1 Clinical Trial, Phase 2 Clinical Trial, Phase 3 Clinical Trial, postmarketing study, or other clinical study conducted to obtain Regulatory Approval or for submission in a Regulatory Filing, as applicable. 

1.11 Collaboration means the alliance between GreenLight and EVT established for the purpose of exclusively working together on the Development and Commercialization of Products and each Party's exercise of its rights and performance of its obligations in connection therewith under this Agreement. 

1.12 Collaboration IP Costs means: (a) any Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred during the Term in connection with the Prosecution and Maintenance of, or in the conduct of any Enforcement Action in respect of, any Background Patent or Collaboration Patent Covering any Product; and (b) any license fees, royalties, or other amounts payable under any Third-Party License related to a Product during the Term. 

1.13 Collaboration Know-How means all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of authorship (whether or not copyrightable), and Know-How invented, created, conceived, developed, or otherwise made by a Party's or its Affiliates' employees, agents, or independent contractors in the course of the Collaboration. 

1.14 Collaboration Patents means any Patent Rights Covering Collaboration Know-How. 

1.15 Collaboration Technology means Collaboration Know-How and Collaboration Patents. 

1.16 Commercialization means the conduct of any and all activities, whether before or after Regulatory Approval has been obtained, directed to the promotion, marketing, commercial sale, distribution, or importation for commercial sale of a pharmaceutical product, including commercial Manufacturing, pricing, reimbursement, advertising, sales and distribution, sales force training, detailing, scientific and medical affairs, inventory 

2 

management, order processing, invoicing, handling, delivery, customer support, returns and recalls, and regulatory activities related to any of the foregoing. Commercialize means to engage in Commercialization. 

1.17 Commercialization Costs means, with respect to any Product, FTE Costs and Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred by or on behalf of a Party or any of its Sublicensees in conducting Commercialization activities under and in accordance with the Commercialization Plan and Budget (whether incurred prior to or following the First Commercial Sale of such Product). Without limiting the foregoing, Commercialization Costs include: (a) Manufacturing Costs of such Product Manufactured for Commercialization purposes; (b) FTE Costs and Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred for maintenance of Regulatory Approvals for such Product including any post-marketing study; (c) costs attributable to recruiting, hiring, and maintaining a sales force of representatives for Commercialization of the Products; (d) Collaboration IP Costs attributable to Commercialization of such Product; (e) Out-of-Pocket Costs associated with recall or withdrawal of such Product, other than those covered by a Party's indemnification obligation under Section 10; and (f) Losses specifically identifiable and reasonably allocable to the Commercialization of such Product, other than those covered by a Party's indemnification obligations under Section 11 . In no event will a particular cost or expense be counted more than once as part of calculating Commercialization Costs even if falling under more than one category of Commercialization Costs hereunder. For clarity, Commercialization Costs do not include Development Costs. 

1.18 Confidential Information means all non-public, confidential, or proprietary information and materials of a Party or its Affiliates, whether in oral, written, electronic, or other form or media, whether or not such information and materials are marked, designated, or otherwise identified as confidential and includes any information and materials that, due to the nature of the subject matter or circumstances surrounding the disclosure thereof, would reasonably be understood to be confidential or proprietary. Without limiting the foregoing, Confidential Information includes the terms and existence of this Agreement (including all correspondence, communications, and notices provided hereunder), all Collaboration Technology and Material, and all non-public information included in any Regulatory Materials or disclosed in any Committee or working group meeting. 

Confidential Information does not include information or materials that the receiving Party can demonstrate by documentation: (w) was already known to the receiving Party without restriction on use or disclosure prior to the disclosure of such information directly or indirectly by or on behalf of the disclosing Party; (x) was or is independently developed by the receiving Party without reference to or use of any Confidential Information of the disclosing Party; (y) was or becomes generally known by the public other than by breach of this Agreement by, or other wrongful act of, the receiving Party or its Affiliates or Representatives; or (z) was disclosed to the receiving Party by a Third Party who was not, at the time of disclosure, under any obligation to the disclosing Party or any other Person to maintain the confidentiality of such information. 
 1.19 Control means, with respect to any Intellectual Property Rights, the possession by a Party, whether by ownership or license (other than a license granted to such Party under 

3 

this Agreement), of the right to grant access to or a license (or sublicense) under such Intellectual Property Rights on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

1.20 Controlling Party means the Party having the right to bring and control an Enforcement Action under Section 7.3 . 

1.21 Cover means, as to a particular subject matter and a Valid Claim of a relevant Patent Right, that, in the absence of a license granted under, or ownership of, such Patent Right, the making, using, selling, offering for sale, or importation of such subject matter would infringe such Valid Claim. 

1.22 Development means the conduct of any and all activities directed to non-clinical, preclinical, or clinical research and development relating to pharmaceutical products, including drug discovery, identification, research, engineering, characterization, development, modification, optimization, drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics, toxicology, pharmacology, statistical analysis and report writing, development-stage Manufacturing, formulation development and optimization, Clinical Trials, preparation and submission of INDs and NDAs, regulatory affairs with respect to the foregoing, and all other activities necessary to seek, obtain, and maintain Regulatory Approval. Develop means to engage in Development. 

1.23 Development Costs means, with respect to any Product, FTE Costs and Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred by or on behalf of a Party or any of its Affiliates in conducting Development activities under and in accordance with a Development Plan and Budget. Without limiting the foregoing, Development Costs include: (a) Manufacturing Costs of such Product Manufactured for Development purposes; (b) FTE Costs and Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred in the preparation and filing of Regulatory Filings of such Product; (c) FTE Costs and Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred in the conduct of Clinical Trials; (d) Collaboration IP Costs attributable to Development of such Product; and (e) Losses specifically identifiable and reasonably allocable to the Development of such Product, other than those covered by a Party's indemnification obligations under Section 10 . In no event will a particular cost or expense be counted more than once as part of calculating Development Costs even if falling under more than one category of Development Costs hereunder. For clarity, Development Costs do not include Commercialization Costs. For purposes of clarity, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, pursuant to Section 7.2, at all times during the Term of this Agreement, the Prosecution and Maintenance of GreenLight Background Patents and GreenLight Collaboration Patents is solely an expense of GreenLight, and the Prosecution and Maintenance of EVT Background Patents and EVT Collaboration Patents is solely an expense of EVT. 

1.24 Divest means [ ]. 

1.25 EVT Background Know-How means all Know-How that is: (a) Controlled by EVT or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or arises outside of the Collaboration at any time during the Term; and (b) necessary or reasonably useful for or otherwise used by or on behalf of GreenLight or its Affiliates in the Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of any 

4 

Product in the Field in the Territory. EVT Background Know-How does not include Collaboration Know-How. 

1.26 EVT Background Patents means all Patent Rights Controlled by EVT or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term that Cover any EVT Background Know-How, including the patents and patent applications listed on Schedule A . 

1.27 EVT Background Technology means EVT Background Know-How and EVT Background Patents, including [ ] listed on Schedule A . 

1.28 EVT Collaboration Technology means [ ] . 

1.29 EVT Technology means: (a) EVT Background Technology; (b) EVT Collaboration Technology; and (c) EVT's interest in any Joint Collaboration Technology. 

1.30 FDA means the United States Food and Drug Administration and any successor thereto. 

1.31 FFDCA means the United States Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended from time to time, together with any rules, regulations and requirements promulgated thereunder (including all additions, supplements, extensions and modifications thereto). 

1.32 Field means the treatment of diseases through mRNA oncology vaccines (whether therapeutic, prophylactic or otherwise. 

1.33 First Commercial Sale means, with respect to any Product in any jurisdiction in the Territory, the first arm's length sale of such Product in the Field in the Territory by a Party or its Sublicensees to a Third Party after Regulatory Approval for such Product in the Field in such jurisdiction has been granted. First Commercial Sale does not include any sale or other distribution for use in a Clinical Trial or other Development activity, promotional use (including samples). 

1.34 FTE means the equivalent of one (1) full-time person working for a twelve (12) month period (consisting of forty (40) hours of dedicated effort weekly, excluding vacations, holidays and personal time or sick days, and hence forty (40) hours of dedicated effort weekly for at least 48 weeks in an Annual Year). Any individual who dedicates less than forty (40) hours weekly per twelve (12) month period will count as an FTE on a pro rata basis, based on the actual number of hours worked each week by such individual divided by forty (40) and averaged over 48 weeks. Overtime, work on weekends, holidays and the like will not be counted with any multiplier toward the number of hours that are used to calculate the FTE contribution. For clarity, no individual will count as more than one (1) FTE for any (12)-month period. 

1.35 FTE Cost means, with respect to Development, Manufacturing, or Commercialization activities conducted hereunder in any period, the amount obtained by multiplying (a) the number of FTEs used by a Party to perform the applicable activities during such period by (b) the applicable FTE Rate. 

5 

1.36 FTE Rate means an initial rate per Annual Period (pro-rated for the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the last day of the first Annual Period of the Term) as determined and mutually agreed upon by the Parties with respect to the FTEs performing work under this Agreement; provided, that in no event shall the FTE Rate include the value of any equity compensation or other non-cash compensation to such FTE. 

1.37 GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. 

1.38 GMP or cGMP means current good manufacturing practices, as defined in the United States Code of Federal Regulations Parts 210, 211, 212, 600, 601, and 610, the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use, and the corresponding FDA requirements. It also includes any requirements in the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act Section 501(a)(2)(B) for drugs and the Public Health Service Act for biologics. For finished human drugs, the term includes the applicable requirements under 21 C.F.R. Sections 210 and 211. For biologics, the term includes the applicable requirements under 21 C.F.R. Sections 600-680. 

1.39 Governmental Authority means any federal, state, national, provincial, or local government, or political subdivision thereof, or any agency or instrumentality of a government or a collection of governments, such as without limitation the European Union, or of a political subdivision (including without limitation any Regulatory Authority, including further without limitation the European Medicines Agency (EMA)), or any self-regulated organization or other non-governmental regulatory authority or quasi-governmental authority (to the extent the rules, regulations, or orders of such organization or authority have the force of Law), or any arbitrator, court, or tribunal of competent jurisdiction. 

1.40 GreenLight Background Know-How means all Know-How that is: (a) Controlled by GreenLight or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or arises outside of the Collaboration at any time during the Term; and (b) necessary or reasonably useful for, or otherwise used by or on behalf of EVT or its Affiliates in, the Development or Commercialization of any Product in the Field in the Territory. GreenLight Background Know-How does not include Collaboration Know-How. 

1.41 GreenLight Background Patents means all Patent Rights Controlled by GreenLight or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or at any time during the Term that Cover any GreenLight Background Know-How, including the patents and patent applications listed on Schedule B . 

1.42 GreenLight Background Technology means GreenLight Background Know-How and GreenLight Background Patents, including [ ] listed on Schedule B . 

1.43 GreenLight Collaboration Technology means [ ] . 

1.44 GreenLight Technology means: (a) GreenLight Background Technology; (b) GreenLight Collaboration Technology; and (c) GreenLight's interest in any Joint Collaboration Technology. For the avoidance of doubt, [ ]. 

6 

1.45 Indemnified Party means a GreenLight Indemnified Party or an EVT Indemnified Party. 

1.46 Initial Indication means bladder cancer or bladder carcinoma. 

1.47 Intellectual Property Rights means rights in Know-How, Patent Rights, trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights now known or hereafter recognized in any jurisdiction in the Territory. 

1.48 Know-How means all inventions, discoveries, developments, improvements, modifications, processes, methods, techniques, formulas, formulations, protocols, data (including pharmacological, biological, chemical, biochemical, stability, technical, and test data), information, technology, materials (including chemical or biological materials), cell lines, cells, antibodies or other proteins, compounds, probes, nucleic acid or other sequences, algorithms, results, ideas, and other know-how and any documentation thereof (including related papers, invention disclosures, laboratory notebooks, drawings, flowcharts, diagrams, specifications, statistical analysis, and reports), in each case whether or not copyrightable or patentable, and whether in written, electronic, oral, or any other tangible or intangible form or medium. 

1.49 Law means any national, supranational, regional, federal, state, or local statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, constitution, treaty, common law, judgment, decree, guidance, directive, permit (including any Regulatory Approval), or other requirement of any Governmental Authority (including any Regulatory Authority). 

1.50 Losses means all losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, claims, actions, judgments, settlements, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs, or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that are incurred by an Indemnified Party. 

1.51 Manufacturing means the conduct of any and all activities directed to the production and manufacture of an active ingredient or pharmaceutical product or any component thereof, including test method development and stability testing, formulation, manufacturing process development, chemistry, manufacturing, and controls, qualification and validation, scale-up, manufacturing any product in bulk or finished form, fill, finish, packaging, labeling, quality assurance and quality control activities, testing, release, shipment, and warehousing, and regulatory activities related to any of the foregoing. Manufacture means to engage in Manufacturing. 

1.52 Manufacturing Costs means the fully burdened manufacturing cost, calculated in accordance with GAAP, of producing or obtaining supply of Products for use in Development or Commercialization under this Agreement, including labor and material costs, quality assurance and control expenses, and allocable facilities costs. 

1.53 Net Sales means, with respect to any Product, the gross amounts invoiced for sales or other dispositions of such Product by a Party or any of its Sublicensees to Third Parties for use in the Field in the Territory, less the sum of the following deductions and offsets that are actually incurred, allowed, accrued, paid, or taken and are allocated with respect to such sale or disposition: (a) trade, quantity, and cash discounts or refunds; (b) tariffs, duties, 

7 

excises, value added tax and other sales taxes imposed by any Governmental Authority (which does not include income, withholding, or similar taxes); (c) costs of freight, carrier insurance, and other transportation charges; (d) amounts allowed or credited on returns, rebates, chargebacks, and other retroactive adjustments; and (e) allowances or credit on account of governmental requirements, rejection, outdating, recalls, or return of such Product. 

For purposes of calculating Net Sales, a Product will be deemed to be sold when billed or invoiced. All calculations of Net Sales must be in accordance with GAAP and based on, or valued as if based on, bona fide arm's length transactions and not on any bundled, loss-leading, or other blended or artificial selling or transfer price. Transfers by a Party of Products to an Affiliate or Sublicensee for internal use (but not resale) by the Affiliate or Sublicensee will be treated as sales by such Party at such Party's list price. Net Sales do not include sales or transfers by a Party to its Sublicensees or Affiliates for resale; provided that the Net Sales calculation will include the amounts invoiced by such Sublicensee or Affiliate on the resale of such Products. Net Sales do not include transfers or dispositions of Products for use in a Clinical Trial or other Development activity, promotional use (including samples). In the event a Product is sold as a Combination Product (with Combination Product meaning the Product in combination with another active ingredient(s) that is / are not a Product under this Agreement) in a given country, if during the Annual Period when the Combination Product is sold, one or more Products in the absence of combination are also sold, the Net Sales attributable to such Combination Product during such Annual Period in such country shall be calculated by multiplying the Net Sales of the Combination Product by the fraction A/(A+B), where A is the average sale price in such country during such Annual Period of the corresponding Product(s) sold in the absence of combination and B is the average sale price during such Annual Period in such country of the other active ingredient(s) or product(s) in the Combination Product that are not a Product so that A+B is the average sale price of all the Products and active ingredient(s) or product(s) together. 
 In the case of pharmacy incentive programs, hospital performance incentive programs, chargebacks, disease management programs, similar programs or any discounts, in each case that are credited, discounted, or reimbursed on a portfolio of product offerings, all such rebates, discounts and other forms of reimbursements will be allocated among all the products in such portfolio on the basis on which such rebates, discounts, and other forms of reimbursements were actually granted or, if such basis cannot be determined, in accordance with the applicable Party's or its Sublicensee's existing allocation method and applicable Law, including any price reporting Laws. 
 1.54 Out-of-Pocket Costs means amounts paid to Third Parties in connection with Development, Manufacturing, or Commercialization activities conducted hereunder, including filing, maintenance, and other fees paid to Regulatory Authorities. Out-of-Pocket Costs do not include payments for a Party's internal expenses or a Party's out-of-pocket payments for salaries or benefits, facilities, utilities, general office or facility supplies, insurance, information technology, capital expenditures, or the like. 

1.55 Patent Rights means all rights and interests in issued patents and patent applications (whether provisional or non-provisional), including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, substitutions, reissues, reexaminations, extensions (including patent 

8 

term extensions), or restorations of any of the foregoing, and other Governmental Authority-issued indicia of invention ownership (including certificates of invention, petty patents, and utility models). 

1.56 Person means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, governmental authority, unincorporated organization, trust, association, or other entity. 

1.57 Phase 1 Clinical Trial means a study in humans providing for the first introduction into humans of a product, conducted in healthy volunteers or patients to generate information on product safety, tolerability, pharmacological activity, or pharmacokinetics, or otherwise consistent with the requirements of 21 C.F.R. 312.21(a) or its foreign equivalents. 

1.58 Phase 2 Clinical Trial means a study in humans of the safety, dose ranging, and efficacy of a product, which is prospectively designed to generate sufficient data (if successful) to commence a Phase 3 Clinical Trial or to file for accelerated approval, or otherwise consistent with the requirements of 21 C.F.R. 312.21(b) or its foreign equivalents. 

1.59 Phase 3 Clinical Trial means a study in humans that is prospectively designed, together with prior data, to demonstrate statistically whether a product is safe and effective for use in a particular indication in a manner sufficient to file for Regulatory Approval, or otherwise consistent with the requirements of 21 C.F.R. 312.21(c). 

1.60 Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) means, with respect to any Product, Net Sales of such Product plus any recoveries from an Enforcement Action less Commercialization Costs directly attributable/reasonably allocable to such Product (whether incurred prior to or following the First Commercial Sale of such Product), before application of any income Taxes or other direct Taxes. 

1.61 Product means [ ] . 

1.62 Prosecuting Party means the Party having the right to Prosecute and Maintain any Collaboration Patent under Section 7.2 . 

1.63 Prosecution and Maintenance means all activities associated with the preparation, filing, prosecution, and maintenance of Patent Rights, together with the conduct of interferences, derivation proceedings, pre- and post-grant proceedings, inter partes reviews, the defense of oppositions or nullity proceedings and other similar proceedings with respect to Patent Rights (but excluding the defense of challenges to any Patent Rights as a counterclaim in an infringement proceeding), and any appeals therefrom. For clarity, Prosecution and Maintenance or Prosecute and Maintain does not include any Enforcement Action. 

1.64 Publication means any: (a) publication in a journal or periodical; (b) abstract to be presented to any audience; (c) presentation at any conference, including slides and texts of oral or other public presentations; or (d) other oral, written, or electronic public or external disclosure, in each case concerning the Parties' Development activities or results relating to any Product. 

9 

1.65 Quarterly Period means each period of three (3) consecutive months ending on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31. 

1.66 Regulatory Approval means all technical, medical, and scientific licenses, registrations, and approvals (including pricing and reimbursement approvals) necessary for the Commercialization of a Product in the Territory. 

1.67 Regulatory Authority means the FDA and any national, supra-national, regional, state or local regulatory agency, department, bureau, commission, council, or other Governmental Authority involved in granting Regulatory Approval in the Territory. 

1.68 Regulatory Exclusivity means any exclusive marketing rights or data exclusivity rights (other than Patent Rights) conferred by any Regulatory Authority or by applicable Law with respect to a pharmaceutical product, including any new clinical data exclusivity, new chemical entity exclusivity, new use or indication exclusivity, new formulation exclusivity, orphan drug exclusivity, reference product exclusivity, or pediatric exclusivity. 

1.69 Regulatory Filings means all applications, filings, submissions, approvals (including supplements, amendments, pre- and post-approvals, and pricing and reimbursement approvals), licenses, registrations, permits, notifications, and authorizations (including marketing and labeling authorizations) or waivers with respect to the testing, research, Development, registration, Manufacture (including formulation), use, storage, import, export, transport, promotion, marketing, distribution, offer for sale, sale or other Commercialization of a Product made to or received from any Regulatory Authority in a regulatory jurisdiction. 

1.70 Regulatory Materials means all Regulatory Filings, Regulatory Approvals, correspondence, meeting minutes, and other materials reflecting submissions or communications with a Regulatory Authority concerning any Product. 

1.71 Representative means a Party's employees, officers, directors, consultants, and legal, technical, and business advisors. 

1.72 Safety/Efficacy Issue means, with respect to any Product, that: (a) the risk/benefit profile (based on the observation of an Adverse Event or otherwise) of such Product is so unfavorable that it would pose an unacceptable risk of harm in humans to Develop or Commercialize such Product; or (b) the efficacy of such Product is so minimal that it would not be commercially reasonable to continue to Develop such Product. 

1.73 Sublicensee means a Person to whom GreenLight or EVT has granted a sublicense in accordance with Section 2.2 . 

1.74 Taxes shall mean any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, withholdings, assessments, or fees of any nature (including interest, penalties and additions thereto). 

1.75 Territory means worldwide. 

10 

1.76 Third Party means a Person other than a Party or a Party's Affiliate. 

1.77 Valid Claim means a claim of an issued and unexpired Patent Right that has not been revoked or held unenforceable, unpatentable, or invalid by a decision of a court or other Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction, and that has not been abandoned, disclaimed, denied, or admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through reissue, re-examination, inter partes review, post-grant review, or disclaimer or otherwise. 

2. Licenses . 

2.1 Grants . 

(a) Grant by GreenLight . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, GreenLight hereby grants to EVT, during the Term, a co-exclusive (together with GreenLight), royalty-free license, with the right to grant sublicenses in accordance with Section 2.2 , under the GreenLight Technology to: (i) Develop and have Developed the Products; and (ii) use, sell, offer to sell, have sold, import and otherwise Commercialize the Products, in each case solely for purposes of performing activities as set forth in this Agreement during the Term in the Field in the Territory. 

(b) Grant by EVT . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, EVT hereby grants to GreenLight, during the Term, a co-exclusive (together with EVT), royalty-free license, with the right to grant sublicenses in accordance with Section 2.2 , under the EVT Technology to: (i) Develop and have Developed the Products; (ii) make, have made, and otherwise Manufacture the Products; and (iii) use, sell, offer to sell, have sold, import and otherwise Commercialize the Products, in each case solely for purposes of performing activities as set forth in this Agreement during the Term in the Field in the Territory. 

(c) Co-Exclusivity . For purposes of the license grants under this Section 2.1 , co-exclusive means: 

(i) [ ] ; and 

(ii) [ ] . 

(iii) [ ] . 

2.2 Sublicensing and Subcontracting . 

(a) Permitted Sublicensing . Each Party may grant sublicenses under the rights and licenses granted in Section 2.1 to any of its Affiliates, without the prior consent of the other Party, but with prior notice to the other Party, to perform such Party s obligations under this Agreement for or on behalf of such Party; provided that (i) any such sublicense will automatically and immediately terminate if such Sublicensee ceases to be an Affiliate of such Party; and (ii) any Third Party that becomes an Affiliate of such Party after the Effective Date will be treated as an unaffiliated Third 

11 

Party for purposes of this Section 2.2(a) , and such Party may only grant a sublicense to such Third Party with the prior written consent of the other Party . 

(b) Permitted Subcontracting . Each Party may engage one or more Third Parties as contract service providers to perform such Party s obligations under this Agreement for or on behalf of such Party (each, a Subcontractor ), and grant a sublicense to such Subcontractor, without the prior consent of the other Party, solely to the extent necessary for such Subcontractor to perform such obligations; provided that, (i) prior to engaging any Subcontractor, the subcontracting Party shall notify the other Party and the Committee and shall consider in good faith any objections such other Party may have; and (ii) any subcontract entered into by a Party will not relieve such Party of any obligations delegated thereunder. 

(c) Sublicense Requirements . All sublicenses granted under this Section 2.2 must: (i) be in writing and be subject to and consistent with the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement; (ii) provide for (A) assignment of Intellectual Property Rights consistent with the sublicensing Party s obligations under Section 7.1(f) ; and (B) protection of Confidential Information at least as stringent as those contained in Section 8 ; (iii) contain a representation and warranty that any Sublicensee has not been debarred or disqualified and is not the subject of any pending or threatened debarment or disqualification proceedings or other notice of non-compliance or enforcement action by any Regulatory Authority; and (iv) prohibit any further sublicensing without the prior written consent of the other Party. Each Party shall provide to the other Party a true and complete copy of each sublicense, and any amendment to any sublicense, which copy may redact financial or other commercially sensitive terms. 

(d) Compliance of Sublicensees and Subcontractors . Each Party is responsible for the compliance of its Sublicensees and Subcontractors with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and any act or omission of a Sublicensee or Subcontractor that would be a material breach of this Agreement if performed by such Party will be deemed to be a material breach by such Party. 

2.3 Competing Products . 

(a) [ ] 

(b) [ ] 

(i) [ ] 

(ii) [ ]; and 

(iii) [ ] 

12 

2.4 No Implied Licenses . Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither Party will be deemed by estoppel or implication to have granted the other Party any license or other right to any Intellectual Property Rights of such Party or its Affiliates. 

2.5 [ ] 

3. Governance . 

3.1 Joint Steering Committee . Within ten (10) days after the Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a joint steering committee (the JSC or the Committee to manage the strategic direction of the Collaboration and oversee the Parties activities under this Agreement. The JSC will: 

(a) act as a joint consultative body and consider any matters brought to its attention by the Parties; 

(b) perform such other functions in furtherance of the Collaboration s objectives as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties in writing ; 

(c) set overall strategic objectives and plans for Development of Products in the Field in the Territory; 

(d) review, discuss, and approve the Development Plan and Budget and any amendments, revisions, or updates thereto; 

(e) review and comment on all Regulatory Filings for Products in the Field in the Territory submitted by the Regulatory Lead to the JSC in accordance with Section 4.9(a) ; 

(f) discuss the status, progress, and results of each Party s Development activities under this Agreement and evaluate each Party s performance against the then-current Development Plan and Budget; 

(g) be a forum for discussion and exchange of information and analysis between the Parties concerning Development of the Products; 

(h) perform such other functions in furtherance of the Collaboration s objectives as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties in writing ; 

(i) set overall strategic objectives and plans for Commercialization of Products in the Field in the Territory; 

(j) review, discuss, and approve the Commercialization Plan and Budget and any amendments, revisions, or updates thereto; 

(k) review and comment on any Promotional Materials in accordance with Section 5.5 ; 

13 

(l) evaluate each Party s performance against the then-current Commercialization Plan and Budget; 

(m) be a forum for discussion and exchange of information and analysis between the Parties concerning Commercialization of the Products; and 

(n) perform such other functions in furtherance of the Collaboration s objectives as the Parties may mutually agree upon in writing. 

3.2 Members . Each Party shall appoint two (2) of its executives or managers to serve as its representatives on the JSC, each of whom must have appropriate expertise, experience, and authority to make decisions on behalf of the appointing Party with respect to issues falling within the jurisdiction of the Committee. The Parties may change the total number of representatives on the Committee by mutual agreement; provided, that at all times there will be an equal number of representatives of each Party on such Committee. An individual representative of a Party may act as a member of multiple Committees simultaneously. Each Party shall notify the other Party of its initial JSC representatives within ten (10) days after the Effective Date. Each Party may change its Committee representatives at any time by notice to the other Party. 

3.3 Meetings . The Committee will meet as needed but not less than every month during the Term. Committee meetings will be held at such times and places or in such form, including by telephone or video conference, as the Committee determines. Any Committee member may designate a substitute of equivalent experience and seniority to attend and perform the functions of that Committee member at any Committee meeting on notice to the other Party at least two (2) Business Days before such Committee meeting. Each Party may invite additional Representatives to attend Committee meetings as observers or to make presentations, in each case without any voting authority, with prior notice to the other Party.. 

3.4 Alliance Managers . Each Party shall appoint a Representative who may also be a Committee member (see Section 3.2) to serve as such Party s primary liaison (each, an Alliance Manager with the other Party for all matters relating to the Collaboration and to facilitate communication and collaboration between the Parties. Each Party may replace its Alliance Manager at any time by providing notice to the other Party. The Alliance Managers will be entitled to attend all Committee meetings and each Alliance Manager may bring any matter to the attention of the applicable Committee if such Alliance Manager reasonably believes that such matter requires such Committee s attention. Each Party shall notify the other Party of its initial Alliance Manager within three (3) days after the Effective Date. 

3.5 Decision-Making . 

(a) [ ] 

(b) [ ] 

3.6 Limitations on Committee Authority . The Committee will have only the powers expressly delegated to it in this Section 3 and will have no authority to: (a) amend, modify, or waive compliance with this Agreement; or (b) act on behalf of either Party in relation to any 

14 

Third Party. Each Party will retain the rights, powers, and discretion granted to it under this Agreement, and no such rights, powers, or discretion will be delegated to or vested in the Committee unless such delegation or vesting of rights is expressly provided for in this Agreement or the Parties otherwise expressly agree in writing. 

3.7 Expenses . Each Party will bear all expenses it incurs in participating in any Committee or working group meeting, including all travel and living expenses, and such expenses will not be considered a Development Cost or Commercialization Cost. 

4. Development . 

4.1 Development Plan and Budget . 

(a) The Parties shall conduct all Development of Products in the Field in the Territory in accordance with a written plan prepared by the Committee (each such plan, as updated or amended from time to time in accordance with Section 4.6 , a Development Plan and Budget ). 

(b) Attached as Schedule C is the Parties initial non-binding working development plan for the first ninety (90) days after the Effective Date, which may be modified or amended by the Parties. The initial Development Plan and Budget for the first Product for the Initial Indication, which includes the Development strategy, allocation of responsibility, and Development Costs in connection therewith to be conducted will be prepared and approved by the JSC within ninety (90) days following the Effective Date. The JSC shall prepare an initial Development Plan and Budget for other Products at a time mutually agreed by the Parties. 

(c) Each Development Plan and Budget will set out: 

(i) the identity of the Product and each indication for Development; 

(ii) a coordinated Development strategy for the Product through Regulatory Approval in the Territory, including a timeline and reasonably detailed description of the Development program ; 

(iii) the allocation of responsibility between the Parties for all Development activities that the Parties agree to conduct for such Product; 

(iv) a Manufacturing plan for clinical supply of such Product until receipt of Regulatory Approval; which shall provide, among other things, that GreenLight, if it so elects, is the sole and exclusive manufacturer for any Manufacturing activities needed with respect to any such Product (each, a Clinical Manufacturing and Supply Plan ); and 

15 

(v) a good faith estimated budget for all Development activities, including the Development Costs for such Product and the number of FTEs committed by each Party and anticipated Out-of-Pocket Costs. 

4.2 Allocation of Development Activities . [ ] . 

4.3 Clinical Manufacturing and Supply [ ]. 

4.4 Development Efforts . 

(a) Each Party shall perform, directly or through its Sublicensees or Subcontractors (to the extent permitted herein), the Development activities allocated to it under each Development Plan and Budget in accordance with the timelines and budgets set forth therein, and to cooperate with the other Party in carrying out such activities. 

(b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement including Section 9.3 , each Party will have day-to-day operational control over the performance of its respective Development activities. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if either Party believes in good faith that performance of a particular Development activity would violate applicable Law or that a Safety/Efficacy Issue exists with respect to any Product, then such Party shall notify the other Party. The Parties shall then discuss the matter; provided, however, that GreenLight shall, in its sole discretion, shall determine whether to terminate, suspend, modify, or continue such Development activity or amend the Development Plan and Budget for such Product as a result of any Safety/Efficacy Issue. 

4.5 Reporting . The Parties shall keep the JSC fully informed of their and their Sublicensees Development activities with respect to the Products in the Field in the Territory. Without limiting the foregoing, at each JSC meeting, each Party shall report on Development activities conducted by or on behalf of such Party and its Sublicensees with respect to each Product since the last JSC meeting. Such reports must be at a level of detail reasonably requested by the JSC and sufficient to enable the JSC to determine the Party s progress against the Development Plan and Budget. [ ]. The Parties shall promptly respond to the JSC s questions or requests for additional information relating to such Development activities. 

4.6 Updates and Amendments . 

(a) At least once each Quarterly Period, the JSC shall review each then-current Development Plan and Budget and each Party s and its Sublicensee performance under such Development Plan and Budget. The JSC may prepare amendments to any Development Plan and Budget from time to time to reflect such performance. 

(b) Each Party may propose to the JSC amendments to the Development Plan and Budget for any Product to include: (i) one or more Additional Indications; (ii) one or more new dosage amounts; (iii) additional non-clinical studies or Clinical Trials 

16 

for such Product; or (iv) other specific changes to the Development activities (and associated budget) for Development of such Product. The JSC shall consider any such proposal in good faith and may amend any Development Plan and Budget from time to time to implement any such proposal. 

(c) No later than thirty (30) days prior to the end of each Annual Period, the JSC shall prepare an updated Development Plan and Budget for each Product in Development for the following Annual Period. As part of the annual update of each Development Plan and Budget, the JSC shall prepare an updated budget for the following Annual Period and a forecast of the annual budgets until receipt of Regulatory Approval for the Product and indication covered by the applicable Development Plan and Budget. 

(d) The Development Plan and Budget may only be amended by the JSC in accordance with Section 3.53.5(a) . Each amended and updated Development Plan and Budget will be effective and supersede the previous Development Plan and Budget as of the date of such approval. 	 

4.7 Material Transfer . Each Party shall provide the other Party reasonable access to tangible biological or other research materials or information it is responsible to provide under the Development Plan and Budget (collectively, Material ). The JSC shall determine the format and timeline for the transfer of such Material. Except as otherwise expressly agreed by the Parties in writing, all Material provided by a Party under this Agreement: (a) will remain the sole property and Confidential Information of such Party; and (b) may be used by the other Party solely for the purpose of performing Development activities in accordance with the Development Plan and Budget (and for no other purpose) and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Except as expressly set out in the Development Plan and Budget, a Party receiving Material of the other Party under this Agreement shall not: (i) transfer, distribute, or otherwise provide access to such Material to any Third Party other than a Subcontractor to the extent permitted herein; (ii) commingle such Material with any other materials from any other source; or (iii) analyze, modify, or attempt to reverse engineer or design around the sequence, structure, or composition of such Material, or generate analogs, derivatives, or formulations based on such Material. 

4.8 Safety Data Exchange and Reporting . At least thirty (30) days prior to the initiation of the first Clinical Trial for a Product, the Parties shall jointly develop a plan regarding: (i) the receipt, investigation, recording, review, communication, reporting, and exchange between the Parties of Adverse Events, quality complaints, and other safety data relating to the Products; and (ii) the establishment and maintenance of a global safety database for the Products, in each case in accordance with applicable Laws. [ ]. The Parties will exchange all relevant safety data relating to the Products within appropriate timeframes and in an appropriate format to ensure compliance with the reporting requirements of all applicable Regulatory Authorities. 

4.9 Regulatory Matters . 

17 

(a) Regulatory Filings . [ ]. The Regulatory Lead shall provide the JSC with a draft of all such Regulatory Filings at least thirty (30) days prior to submission to a Regulatory Authority to allow the JSC a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such Regulatory Filings. The Regulatory Lead shall consider the JSC s comments on such Regulatory Filings in good faith. The other Party shall provide reasonable cooperation and assistance to the Regulatory Lead in obtaining Regulatory Approvals for the applicable Product, including by providing necessary documents or other materials required by applicable Law or requested by any Regulatory Authority. 

(b) Communications with Regulatory Authorities . The Regulatory Lead for a Product shall be responsible for all communications with any Regulatory Authority relating to such Product in the Territory. The Regulatory Lead shall notify the JSC of all material correspondence and communications with a Regulatory Authority relating to such Product promptly after receipt. The Regulatory Lead for a Product shall notify the other Party of any scheduled meeting with a Regulatory Authority in the Territory relating to such Product and, if requested by such other Party and to the extent permitted by applicable Law and the relevant Regulatory Authority, shall permit a Representative of such other Party to attend such meeting. 

(c) Regulatory Inspections . If any Regulatory Authority: (i) contacts a Party or any of its Sublicensees or Subcontractors with respect to the alleged improper Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of any Product; (ii) conducts, or gives notice of its intent to conduct, an inspection at such Party s or any of its Sublicensees or Subcontractors facilities used in the Development or Manufacturing of any Product; or (iii) takes, or gives notice of its intent to take, any other regulatory action with respect to any activity of such Party or any of its Sublicensees or Subcontractors that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of any Product, then such Party shall promptly notify the other Party of such contact, inspection, or notice, provide the other Party with copies of all communications, records, and other Regulatory Materials provided to or received from the Regulatory Authority in connection therewith, and, if requested by such other Party and to the extent permitted by applicable Law and the relevant Regulatory Authority, permit a Representative of such other Party to attend such inspection. 

(d) Rights of Reference . For no additional consideration, each Party hereby grants to the other Party and its Sublicensees a Right of Reference and Use, as that term is defined in 21 C.F.R. 314.3(b), to all of its Regulatory Materials to the extent necessary or reasonably useful for such other Party to Develop any Product in the Territory. Each Party agrees to provide an appropriate Letter of Authorization upon request of the other Party to enable reference of Regulatory Materials on file with a Regulatory Authority. 

5. Commercialization . 

18 

5.1 Commercialization Plan and Budget . 

(a) The Parties shall conduct all Commercialization of Products in the Field in the Territory in accordance with a written plan prepared by the JSC (each such plan, as updated or amended from time to time in accordance with Section 5.8 , a Commercialization Plan and Budget ). 

(b) Within ninety (90) days of beginning a Phase 3 Clinical Trial for a Product, and no later than sixty (60) days prior to the anticipated Regulatory Approval of any Product, the JSC shall prepare and share with the Parties, the Commercialization Plan and Budget for such Product. 

(c) Each Commercialization Plan and Budget will set out: 

(i) the identity of the Product and each indication for Commercialization in the Territory; 

(ii) a coordinated Commercialization strategy for such Product in the Territory, including a timeline and reasonably detailed description of the key elements of such Product s Commercialization strategy (including branding, marketing, advertising, market access, pricing and reimbursement, and sales force positioning); 

(iii) the allocation of responsibility between the Parties for all Commercialization activities (pre- and post-First Commercial Sale) that the Parties agree to conduct for such Product, [ ]; 

(iv) a Manufacturing plan for commercial supply of such Product following Regulatory Approval, which shall provide, among other things, [ ] (each, a Commercial Manufacturing and Supply Plan ); 

(v) a non-binding sales and marketing expenditures forecast; 

(vi) a non-binding projection of Net Sales of such Product; and 

(vii) a good faith estimated budget for all such Commercialization activities, including the number of FTEs committed by each Party and anticipated Out-of-Pocket Costs for the next three (3) Annual Periods. 

5.2 Allocation of Commercialization Activities . The Commercial Lead shall be primarily responsible for the Commercialization of each Product in the Field in the Territory with the support of the other Party as set forth in the Commercialization Plan and Budget and the Parties will share in the Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) of such Commercialization pursuant to Section 6.2 . Each Commercialization Plan and Budget will allocate responsibility between the Parties for all Commercialization activities following receipt of Regulatory Approval for the Product and each indication covered by such Commercialization Plan and Budget. Neither Party shall, and shall ensure that its Sublicensees do not, conduct any Commercialization of 

19 

the Products in the Field in the Territory, except as expressly permitted under this Agreement and in accordance with the applicable Commercialization Plan and Budget. 

5.3 Commercialization Efforts . 

(a) Each Party shall: (i) perform, directly or through its Sublicensees or Subcontractors, to the extent permitted herein, the Commercialization activities allocated to it under each Commercialization Plan and Budget in accordance with the timelines and budgets set forth therein, and shall cooperate with the other Party in carrying out such activities; and (ii) achieve First Commercial Sale of each Product in the Field in the Territory as promptly as practicable after receipt of Regulatory Approval for such Product in the Territory. 

(b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement including Section 9.3 , each Party will have day-to-day operational control over the performance of its respective Commercialization activities. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if either Party believes in good faith that performance of a particular Commercialization activity would violate applicable Law or that a Safety/Efficacy Issue exists with respect to any Product, then such Party shall notify the other Party and the Parties shall discuss such issue. Following consideration of EVT s comments in good faith, GreenLight, in its sole discretion, will determine whether to terminate, suspend, modify, or continue such Commercialization activity or amend the Commercialization Plan and Budget for such Product. 

5.4 Commercial Manufacturing and Supply . [ ]. Each Commercial Manufacturing and Supply Plan will be incorporated into, and form part of, the applicable Commercialization Plan and Budget and will be reviewed and approved as part of the applicable Commercialization Plan and Budget in accordance with Section 5.1 and updated in accordance with Section 5.8 . Each Commercial Manufacturing and Supply Plan shall include reasonable and customary terms concerning compliance with cGMP, quality assurance, and quality control, taking into account where applicable each Party s standard operating procedures. 

5.5 Promotional Materials . The Parties shall jointly be responsible for the creation and production of all sales, marketing, promotion, and advertising materials (including digital communications on websites) for use in the Commercialization of Products in the Field in the Territory Promotional Materials ). All Promotional Materials must comply with the applicable Regulatory Approvals and other applicable Laws and be consistent with the Commercialization strategy for the applicable Product set forth in the Commercialization Plan and Budget. The Parties shall submit representative samples of Promotional Materials to the JSC for review and approval and maintain copies of Promotional Materials to the extent required by applicable Law. The Parties shall only use Promotional Materials in connection with the Commercialization of Products in the Field in the Territory in accordance with this Agreement. 

20 

5.6 Recalls, Market Withdrawals, or Corrective Actions . In the event that any Regulatory Authority issues a warning or untitled letter, requests a recall or takes a similar action in connection with any Product, or either Party determines that an event, incident, or circumstance has occurred that may result in the need for a recall or market withdrawal of a Product, in each case, in the Field in the Territory, the Party aware of such actual or anticipated recall or similar action shall immediately notify the other Party, and the JSC shall convene a meeting to discuss such recall, market withdrawal, or similar action within twenty-four (24) hours after such notification. [ ]. 

5.7 Reporting . Within thirty (30) days after the end of each Quarterly Period, each Party shall provide to the JSC a written report summarizing its Commercialization activities performed with respect to each Product during such Quarterly Period, including marketing and promotion expenditures, sales, and Manufacturing activities related to supply of the Products for Commercialization purposes. At each JSC meeting, the Parties shall discuss the status, progress, and results of the Parties Commercialization activities. 

5.8 Updates and Amendments . 

(a) At least once each Quarterly Period, the JSC shall review each then-current Commercialization Plan and Budget and each Party s and its Sublicensees performance under such Commercialization Plan and Budget. The JSC may prepare amendments to any Commercialization Plan and Budget from time to time to reflect such performance. 

(b) No later than sixty (60) days prior to the end of each Annual Period, the JSC shall prepare an updated Commercialization Plan and Budget for each Product being Commercialized for the following Annual Period. As part of the annual update of each Commercialization Plan and Budget, the JSC shall prepare an updated budget for the following Annual Period and a forecast of the annual budgets for Commercialization of the applicable Product for the next three (3) Annual Periods. 

(c) The Commercialization Plan and Budget may only be amended by the JSC in accordance with Section 3.53.5(a) . Each amended and updated Commercialization Plan and Budget will be effective and supersede the previous Commercialization Plan and Budget as of the date of such approval. 	 

6. Financial Terms . 

6.1 Development Cost-Sharing . 

(a) Allocation . [ ]. Thereafter, subject to the remainder of this Section 6.1, on a Product-by-Product basis, the Parties shall share all Development Costs for the Development of Products under this Agreement, with GreenLight bearing fifty percent (50 and EVT bearing fifty percent (50 of all Development Costs. Development Costs will initially be borne by the Party incurring such costs; provided that the Parties shall reconcile such Development Costs and make payments in accordance with Section 6.1(c) to achieve the foregoing agreed allocation for each Quarterly Period. 

21 

(b) Reporting . Within fifteen (15) days after the end of each Quarterly Period in which any Development Costs are incurred, each Party shall submit to the other Party an itemized written report, in such format as mutually agreed by the Parties, of Development Costs incurred by or on behalf of such Party for such Quarterly Period, together with reasonable supporting documentation. 

(c) Reconciliation . The Parties shall each review and reconcile such written reports and cooperate with each other to determine and calculate any amount owed by either Party to the other Party to ensure the appropriate sharing of Development Costs in accordance with Section 6.1(a) Development Reconciliation Payment ). The Party that is owed a Development Reconciliation Payment shall invoice the other Party within thirty (30) days of such determination, and the Party owing a Development Reconciliation Payment shall pay such amount within thirty (30) days after receipt of the invoice. Any Development Costs incurred in excess of the agreed upon Development Plan and Budget in any Quarterly Period will be subject to Section 6.1(d) 

(d) Overage . Each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform its Development activities within the budget set out in the applicable Development Plan and Budget. If in any Quarterly Period a Party incurs or expects to incur Development Costs above the Development Costs budgeted to such Party in such Quarterly Period under the applicable Development Plan and Budget, such Party shall promptly notify the JSC and provide an explanation for the overage. To the extent any such overage does not exceed five percent (5 the Development Costs budgeted to such Party in such Quarterly Period Permissible Development Overage ), the JSC will amend the Development Plan and Budget to include the Permissible Development Overage in the Development Costs to be allocated between the Parties in accordance with Section 6.1(a) . The JSC shall review and determine whether any excess Development Costs that do not constitute a Permissible Development Overage shall be subject to the agreed allocation under Section 6.1(a) or whether it will be solely borne by the Party incurring such overage. 

(e) Disputed Development Costs . In the event that either Party identifies a discrepancy in or otherwise disputes the amount of Development Costs reported by the other Party or the calculation of any Development Reconciliation Payment, such Party shall submit the matter for consideration to the JSC; provided, however, that the Party owing a Development Reconciliation Payment shall pay such portion of the Development Reconciliation Payment that is not in dispute in accordance with Section 6.1(c) . If, with the assistance of the JSC, the Parties cannot resolve any such dispute within thirty (30) days after it is submitted, the Party raising the dispute may request an audit in accordance with Section 6.5(b) . 

6.2 Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) Sharing . 

(a) Allocation . Subject to the remainder of this Section 6.2, on a Product-by-Product basis, commencing with the First Commercial Sale of Products in the Territory, the Parties shall share in the Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) from Commercialization of Products under this Agreement, with GreenLight bearing (and entitled to) fifty 

22 

percent (50 ), and EVT bearing (and entitled to) fifty percent (50 of Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) for such Product. 

(b) Revenue from a Third Party . [ ]. 

(c) Reporting . On a Product-by-Product basis, within fifteen (15) days after the end of each Quarterly Period beginning with the first Quarterly Period in which the First Commercial Sale of such Product occurs, each Party shall submit to the other Party an itemized written report, in such format as agreed upon by the Parties, setting forth: (i) the Net Sales of such Product by such Party and its Sublicensees in the Territory in such Quarterly Period, including (A) the number of Products sold, (B) the gross sales of such Product, and (C) the deductions from gross sales to calculate Net Sales (consistent with the categories set forth in the definition of Net Sales); (ii) any recoveries from an Enforcement Action brought by such Party in accordance with Section 7.3 ; and (iii) Commercialization Costs incurred by or on behalf of such Party for such Quarterly Period (including, for the Quarterly Period in which the First Commercial Sale of such Product occurs, any Commercialization Costs incurred with respect to such Product prior to such Quarterly Period for pre-First Commercial Sale activities), together with reasonable supporting documentation. 

(d) Reconciliation . Within thirty (30) days after receipt of such written reports, the JSC shall prepare and submit to each Party a written report setting forth: (i) the calculation of Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) for such Quarterly Period; (ii) any deviations of Commercialization Costs incurred by the Parties in such Quarterly Period from the budget set forth in the applicable Commercialization Plan and Budget; and (iii) the calculation of any amount owed by either Party to the other Party to ensure the appropriate sharing of such Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) in accordance with Section 6.2(a) Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) Reconciliation Payment ). The Party that is owed a Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) Reconciliation Payment shall invoice the other Party within thirty (30) days of receipt of such report from the JSC, and the Party owing a Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) Reconciliation Payment shall pay such amount within thirty (30) days after receipt of the invoice. Any Commercialization Costs incurred in excess of the agreed upon Commercialization Plan and Budget in any Quarterly Period will be subject to the terms set forth in Section 6.2(d) . 

(e) Overage . Each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to perform its Commercialization activities within the budget set out in the applicable Commercialization Plan and Budget. If in any Quarterly Period a Party incurs or expects to incur Commercialization Costs in excess of that budgeted to such Party in such Quarterly Period under the applicable Commercialization Plan and Budget, such Party shall promptly notify the JSC and provide an explanation for the overage. To the extent any such overage does not exceed five percent (5 of the Commercialization Costs budgeted to such Party in such Quarterly Period Permissible Commercialization Overage ), the JSC will amend the Commercialization Plan and Budget to include the Permissible Commercialization Overage in the Commercialization Costs to be included in the Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) calculation. The JSC will review and determined whether any excess Commercialization Costs that do not constitute a Permissible 

23 

Commercialization Overage shall be subject to the agreed allocation under Section 6.2(a) or whether it will be solely borne by the Party incurring such overage. 

(f) Disputed Commercialization Costs . In the event that either Party identifies a discrepancy in or otherwise disputes the amount of Commercialization Costs reported by the other Party or the calculation of any Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) Reconciliation Payment, such Party shall submit the matter for consideration to the JSC; provided, however, that the Party owing a Commercialization Reconciliation Payment shall pay such portion of the Commercialization Reconciliation Payment that is not in dispute in accordance with Section 6.2(c) . If with the assistance of the JSC the Parties cannot resolve any such dispute within thirty (30) days after it is submitted, the Party raising the dispute may request an audit in accordance with Section 6.5(b) . 

6.3 Payment Method . Each Party shall make all payments under this Agreement in U.S. dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds to a bank account designated in writing by the other Party. 

6.4 Taxes . Each Party shall make all payments to the other Party under this Agreement without deduction or withholding for taxes, duties, or charges of any kind imposed by any federal, state, or local Governmental Authority except to the extent that any such deduction or withholding is required by applicable Law in effect at the time of payment. The Parties shall reasonably cooperate with one another to reduce or minimize any applicable taxes, including in seeking any tax exemption or credit that may be available with respect to any Product. 

6.5 Records and Audit . 

(a) Recordkeeping . Each Party shall maintain complete and accurate records in sufficient detail in relation to this Agreement to permit the other Party to confirm the amount of any other payments due under this Agreement. Each Party shall keep such books and records for such period of time as may be required by applicable Law. 

(b) Audit . Upon reasonable prior notice to the other Party, either Party may request to have such records inspected during regular business hours at such place or places where such records are customarily kept by an independent certified public accountant Auditor selected by such Party and reasonably acceptable to the other Party for the sole purpose of verifying the accuracy of the financial reports furnished by such other Party or of any payments made, or required to be made, by such other Party pursuant to this Agreement. All information and materials made available to or otherwise obtained or prepared by or for the Auditor in connection with such audit will be the audited Party's Confidential Information. Prior to conducting the audit, the Auditor must enter into a written agreement containing confidentiality and nondisclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those provided in Section 8 . Such audits will be limited to once per Annual Period and once with respect to records covering any specific time period. The Auditor shall not disclose the audited Party's Confidential Information to the requesting Party, except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to verify the accuracy of the financial reports furnished by the audited Party 

24 

or the amount of payments by the audited Party under this Agreement. If the final result of the audit reveals an undisputed underpayment or overpayment, the underpaid or overpaid amount must be settled within thirty (30) days after the Auditor's report. The requesting Party shall bear the full cost of such audit unless such audit reveals an underpayment of more than fifteen percent (15 by the audited Party, in which case the audited Party shall reimburse the requesting Party for the costs of such audit. 

7. Intellectual Property Rights . 

7.1 Ownership . 

(a) Background Technology . [ ]. 

(b) GreenLight Collaboration Technology . [ ]. 

(c) EVT Collaboration Technology . [ ] . 

(d) Joint Collaboration Technology . [ ]. 

(e) Inventorship . The inventorship, authorship, or other origination of Collaboration Technology will be determined in accordance with United States patent, copyright, or other applicable intellectual property Law. The Parties shall work together through the JSC to resolve any issues regarding inventorship or ownership of such Collaboration Technology. 

(f) Employees and Contractors . Each Party shall promptly disclose to the other Party all Collaboration Technology arising from the activities of such Party. Each Party shall fully cooperate and take all further actions, as the other Party may reasonably request and at the requesting Party's expense, to effectuate the allocation of ownership set forth in this Section 7.1 . Without limiting the foregoing, each Party shall ensure that each of its and its Sublicensees' employees, agents, and independent contractors (including Subcontractors) performing Collaboration activities, before commencing such activities, is bound by written invention assignment and confidentiality obligations. 

7.2 Prosecution and Maintenance . 

(a) Background Patent Rights . [ ]. 

(b) Collaboration Patents . [ ]. 

(c) Joint Collaboration Patents . [ ]. 

(d) Cooperation . Each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and Representatives to, provide all reasonable assistance and cooperation in connection with Prosecution and Maintenance activities under this Section 7.2 , including by making its employees, agents, and independent contractors reasonably available and executing any necessary documents or instruments, including powers of attorney. 

25 

(e) Costs . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, all Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred in connection with Prosecution and Maintenance of Joint Collaboration Patents will be shared in accordance with Section 6.1 . 

(f) Joint Research Agreement . This Agreement is intended to and hereby does serve as a joint research agreement for purposes of Section 102(c) of the U.S. Patent Act, 35 U.S.C. 102(c). In the event that either Party to this Agreement intends to overcome a rejection of a claimed invention covered by any Collaboration Patent or pursuant to the provisions of 35 USC 102(a)-(d), such Party shall first obtain the prior written consent of the other Party. Following receipt of such written consent, such Party shall limit any amendment to the specification or statement to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office with respect to this Agreement (including the disclosure of such other Party as a party hereto) to that which is strictly required by the applicable subsection of 35 USC 102 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including the scope of the applicable Development Plan and Budget). 

7.3 Enforcement . 

(a) Notification . If either Party becomes aware of any known or suspected infringement or misappropriation by a Third Party of any Background Technology or Collaboration Technology in the Field in the Territory, including any submission to a Regulatory Authority of a Regulatory Filing for a generic or biosimilar product referencing a Product, such Party shall notify the other Party promptly (and in no event later than thirty (30) days prior to the applicable deadline for filing a response) and provide the other Party with all information available to it regarding such matter. 

(b) Enforcement Action . As between the Parties, the Prosecuting Party will have the first right, but not the obligation, to initiate a suit or take other appropriate action to enforce any Background Patent or Collaboration Patent against infringement by a Third Party in the Field (an Enforcement Action and will be deemed the Controlling Party with respect to such Enforcement Action. If the Prosecuting Party does not initiate an Enforcement Action with respect to any Joint Collaboration Patent within thirty (30) days after the notice provided pursuant to Section 7.3(a) , the other Party will have the right to initiate and control such Enforcement Action, and such other Party will thereafter be deemed the Controlling Party with respect to such Enforcement Action. 

(c) Cooperation . The Controlling Party shall keep the other Party reasonably informed of the progress of any Enforcement Action and consider in good faith any comments provided by the non-Controlling Party with respect thereto. The non-Controlling Party shall provide all assistance and cooperation as the Controlling Party may reasonably request in connection with any Enforcement Action. Without limiting the foregoing, the non-Controlling Party shall: (i) execute all documents and perform such other acts as may be reasonably required to permit the Enforcement Action to be initiated or conducted, including being joined as a party to an Enforcement Action; and (ii) waive any objection to such joinder on the grounds of personal jurisdiction, venue, 

26 

or forum non conveniens . To the extent deemed necessary or advisable by the Parties counsel, the Parties shall enter into a common interest agreement wherein the Parties agree to their shared, mutual interest concerning the outcome of such Enforcement Action. 

(d) Settlement . The Controlling Party with respect to any Enforcement Action pursuant to this Section 7.3 may enter into a settlement, consent judgment, or other voluntary final disposition thereof without the non-Controlling Party s consent; provided that such settlement or other disposition does not require any payment or other liability or admission by the non-Controlling Party and could not otherwise reasonably be expected to adversely affect the non-Controlling Party, any of the rights granted hereunder, or the scope or enforceability of any Patent Right of the non-Controlling Party or any Collaboration Patent. Any other settlement, consent judgment, or voluntary final disposition of any Action requires the prior written consent of the non-Controlling Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed. 

(e) Costs and Recoveries . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, all Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred by the Controlling Party or non-Controlling Party in connection with an Enforcement Action with respect to any Joint Collaboration Patent will be Collaboration IP Costs and any recoveries resulting from such Enforcement Action (including by settlement or other disposition) will be included in the calculation of Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) under Section 6.2 . 

7.4 Third-Party Intellectual Property Claims . 

(a) Notice . Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party upon becoming aware of any actual or threatened claim that the Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of any Product infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property Rights of a Third Party in the Field in the Territory (each, excluding any defense or counterclaim in connection with an Enforcement Action, a Third-Party IP Claim ). 

(b) Defense . Except as expressly set forth in Section 10 , each Party will have the right, but not the obligation, to defend against any Third-Party IP Claim asserted against such Party (the Defending Party at its sole expense and with counsel of its choosing. The Defending Party shall keep the other Party reasonably informed of all material developments in connection with any Third-Party IP Claim, and the non-Defending Party shall reasonably cooperate with and offer reasonable assistance to the Defending Party, at the Defending Party's cost and expense. The Defending Party shall not settle any Third-Party IP Claim in a manner that would require any payment or other liability or admission by the non-Defending Party or otherwise take any action in connection with such Third-Party IP Claim that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the non-Defending Party, any of the rights granted hereunder, or the scope or enforceability of any Patent Right owned by the non-Defending Party or any Collaboration Patent, without the other Party's prior written consent. 

27 

(c) Costs . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, all Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred by the Defending Party or non-Defending Party in connection with a Third-Party IP Claim with respect to any Product will be Collaboration IP Costs. 

(d) Third-Party License . [ ]. 

8. Confidentiality . 

8.1 Confidentiality Obligations . Each Party acknowledges that it may receive or gain access to the other Party's Confidential Information during the Collaboration. Except as provided in Section 8.2 or otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties, each Party, as the receiving Party of the other Party's Confidential Information, shall, during the Term and for seven (7) years thereafter : 

(a) use at least the same standard of care to protect and safeguard the confidentiality of the disclosing Party's Confidential Information as the receiving Party uses to protect its own Confidential Information (but no less than reasonable care); and 

(b) not use or disclose, nor permit to be used or accessed, the disclosing Party's Confidential Information for any purpose other than to exercise the receiving Party's rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement. 

8.2 Exceptions . Notwithstanding the foregoing obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use, the receiving Party may disclose the disclosing Party's Confidential Information: 

(a) to the receiving Party's and its Affiliates' employees, agents, or independent contractors (including Subcontractors) who (i) have a need to know such Confidential Information to assist the receiving Party or act on its behalf in accordance with Section 8.1(b) ; and (ii) are bound by written agreements containing nonuse, confidentiality and nondisclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those set forth in Section 8.1 ; provided that the receiving Party shall ensure compliance with, and be liable for any breach of, Section 8.1 by any such employees, agents, or independent contractors; and 

(b) to the extent necessary to comply with a court order or other applicable Law, including regulations promulgated by security exchanges; provided that the receiving Party shall provide prompt notice of such required disclosure to the disclosing Party and cooperate with the disclosing Party's efforts to obtain a protective order, confidential treatment, or other limitation on such required disclosure . 

8.3 Equitable Relief . Given the nature of the Confidential Information and the competitive damage that a Party would suffer upon unauthorized disclosure, use, or transfer of its Confidential Information, monetary damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Section 8 . Therefore, in addition to all other remedies available at Law, a Party is entitled to seek injunctive and other equitable relief as a remedy for any breach or threatened breach of this Section 8 . 

28 

8.4 Public Announcements .. 

8.5 Publications . Neither Party shall make any Publication regarding any Product, the Development, Manufacturing, Commercialization, or otherwise regarding any such Product without the prior written consent of the other Party. 

9. Representations and Warranties; Covenants . 

9.1 Mutual Representations and Warranties . Each Party represents and warrants to the other that: 

(a) it is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization, or chartering, and has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations; 

(b) the execution of this Agreement by such Party s Representative whose signature is set forth at the end hereof has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of such Party; 

(c) when executed and delivered by such Party, this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms; 

(d) the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by such Party does not violate, conflict with, require consent under, or result in any breach of or default under (i) any applicable Law (except for Regulatory Approvals as may be required for Development or Commercialization of the Products in the Territory) or (ii) the provisions of any contract, instrument, or understanding to which it is a party or by which it is bound; and 

(e) it has not been debarred or disqualified and is not the subject of any pending or threatened debarment or disqualification proceedings or other notice of non-compliance or enforcement action by any Regulatory Authority. 

9.2 Additional Representations and Warranties . 

(a) GreenLight . GreenLight represents and warrants to EVT that: 

(i) [ ]. 

(ii) [ ] 

(iii) [ ] 

(b) EVT . EVT represents and warrants to GreenLight that: 

(i) [ ] 

29 

(ii) [ ] 

(iii) [ ] 

9.3 Covenants . 

(a) Mutual Covenants 

(i) Compliance with Laws . Each Party shall comply and shall cause its and their employees, agents, and independent contractors comply with all applicable Laws in the exercise of its rights and performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation, (i) the FFDCA, title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations, and guidelines promulgated by the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use, as applicable, (ii) all applicable Laws relating to data security and privacy, and (iii) all applicable export control, anti-corruption, and anti-bribery Laws. Without limiting the foregoing, each Party shall not, and shall ensure that its and their employees, agents, and independent contractors do not, directly or indirectly, offer, give, pay, promise to pay, or authorize the payment of any bribes, kickbacks, influence payments, or other unlawful or improper inducements to any Person (including any Regulatory Authority) in whatever form (including gifts, travel, entertainment, contributions, or anything else of value). 

(ii) Debarment . Each Party shall not employ or engage any Person who has been debarred or disqualified or, to its knowledge, is the subject of any pending or threatened debarment or disqualification proceedings or enforcement action by a Regulatory Authority in connection with activities relating to the Joint Development Products. Each Party shall immediately notify the other Party in writing if it or any Person they have employed or engaged in connection with activities relating to the any Joint Development Product has been debarred or disqualified or is the subject of any pending or threatened debarment or disqualification proceedings or enforcement action by a Regulatory Authority, and such Party shall cease employing or using the services of such Person in connection with this Agreement. 

(b) EpiVax Covenants 

(i) [ ]. 

9.4 No Guarantee of Success . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither Party makes any representation, warranty, or covenant, express or implied, that any Product will be successfully Developed or, if Regulatory Approval is obtained, Commercialized. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed as representing an estimate or projection of the successful Development or Commercialization of any Product or anticipated 

30 

sales or the actual value of any Product that may be successfully Developed or Commercialized under this Agreement. 

9.5 Disclaimer . EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SAFETY, ABSENCE OF ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, ACCURACY, OR COMPLETENESS (INCLUDING OF ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION (INCLUDING MATERIAL) OR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROVIDED HEREUNDER), THE PROSPECTS OR LIKELIHOOD OF SUCCESS (FINANCIAL OR OTHERWISE) OF THE COLLABORATION OR THE PRODUCTS, OR THE VALIDITY, SCOPE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 

10. Indemnification . 

10.1 Indemnification by GreenLight . GreenLight shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless EVT and its Affiliates, and each of EVT s and its Affiliates respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns (each, a EVT Indemnified Party from and against all Losses arising out of or resulting from any claim, suit, action, or proceeding by any Third Party Indemnified Claim relating to: (a) [ ] ; or (b) [ ] ; except in each case to the extent any such Losses are covered by EVT s indemnification obligations under Section 10.2 . 

10.2 Indemnification by EVT . EVT shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless GreenLight and its Affiliates, and each of GreenLight s and its Affiliates respective officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns (each, a GreenLight Indemnified Party from and against all Losses arising out of or resulting from any Indemnified Claim relating to: (a) [ ] ; or (b) [ ] ; except in each case to the extent any such Losses are covered by GreenLight's indemnification obligations under Section 10.1 . 

10.3 Indemnification Procedure . An Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Party from whom it is seeking indemnification Indemnifying Party upon becoming aware of an Indemnified Claim with respect to which the Indemnifying Party is obligated to provide indemnification under this Section 10 . The Indemnifying Party shall promptly assume control of the defense and investigation of the Indemnified Claim, with counsel of its own choosing, and the Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in connection therewith, in each case at the Indemnifying Party's sole cost and expense. The Indemnified Party may participate in the defense of such Indemnified Claim, with counsel of its own choosing and at its own cost and expense. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle any Indemnified Claim on any terms or in any manner that adversely affects the rights of any Indemnified Party without the Indemnified Party's prior written consent (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed). If the Indemnifying Party fails or refuses to assume control of the defense of an Indemnified Claim, the Indemnified Party may, but is not obligated to, defend against such Indemnified Claim, including settling such Indemnified Claim after giving notice to the Indemnifying Party, in each case in such manner 

31 

and on such terms as the Indemnified Party may deem appropriate. Neither the Indemnified Party's failure to perform any obligation under this Section 10.3 nor any act or omission of the Indemnified Party in the defense or settlement of any Indemnified Claim will relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations under this Section 10 , including with respect to any Losses, except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party can demonstrate that it has been materially prejudiced as a result thereof. 

10.4 Insurance . 

(a) Insurance Coverage . Each Party shall, at its sole cost and expense, maintain adequate liability insurance (including product liability insurance and clinical trial insurance, if and when applicable) to protect against potential liabilities and risk arising out of the activities to be performed under this Agreement, and any agreement related hereto and upon such terms as are customary in the pharmaceutical industry in the applicable territory. For clarity, this Section 10.4 does not limit either Party's obligations or liability (including with respect to its indemnification obligations) hereunder. 

(b) Evidence of Insurance . Each Party shall provide to the other Party a certificate of insurance evidencing the coverage required under Section 10.4(a) within upon the other Party's request . 

10.5 Limitation of Liability . TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS (REGARDLESS OF HOW THESE ARE CLASSIFIED AS DAMAGES), WHETHER ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE (INCLUDING THE ENTRY INTO, PERFORMANCE, OR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT), REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGE WAS FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER EITHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS DO NOT APPLY TO: (A) A PARTY'S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS SECTION 10 ; OR (B) LOSSES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO A PARTY S BREACH OF ITS CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 8 . 

11. Term and Termination . 

11.1 Term . This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Section 11 , will continue in full force and effect until date on which [ ] (the Term ). 

11.2 Termination upon Certain Events . [ ] . 

11.3 Termination for Material Breach .Either Party may terminate this Agreement on written notice to the other Party if the other Party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within sixty (60) days Cure Period after receiving written notice of 

32 

such breach; provided, however, that the Cure Period may be extended at the non-breaching Party's discretion. 

11.4 Insolvency . 

(a) Termination for Insolvency . Either Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety immediately upon notice to the other Party if such other Party: (i) is dissolved or liquidated or takes any corporate action for such purpose; (ii) becomes insolvent or is generally unable to meet its obligations as they become due in the general course; (iii) files or has filed against it a petition for voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or otherwise becomes subject, voluntarily or involuntarily, to any proceeding under any domestic or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law that is not discharged within ninety (90) days after such filing or initiation of such proceeding; (iv) makes or seeks to make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (v) appoints or has appointed a receiver, trustee, custodian, or similar agent over substantially all of its property that is not discharged within ninety (90) days after such appointment . 

(b) No Limitation of Rights . All rights, powers and remedies of each Party provided in this Section 11.4 are in addition to and not in substitution for any and all other rights, powers, and remedies now or hereafter existing at Law or in equity (including the Code) in the event of the commencement of a case under the Code involving the other Party. 

11.5 Effects of Termination . Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement by either Party, the following will apply (if this Agreement is terminated on a Product-by-Product basis, only for the affected Product(s)): 

(a) Licenses . [ ]. 

(b) Ongoing Development and Commercialization .: 

(i) [ ] ; 

(ii) [ ]; and 

(iii) [ ]. 

in each case of (i), (ii), and (iii) in accordance with accepted pharmaceutical industry norms and ethical practices and subject to Section 11.5(d) . 
 (c) Reconciliation . Within thirty (30) days after such termination, each Party shall provide the other with an itemized written report of Development Costs, Net Sales, and Commercialization Costs and other amounts incurred or received by such Party that are subject to the Parties' Development Cost and Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) sharing obligations through the effective date of termination and, with respect to Development Costs, any wind down or transfer period under Section 11.5(c) , together with reasonable supporting documentation, for the purpose of calculating a final reconciliation in accordance with Section 6.1 and Section 6.2 , as applicable. The Parties shall conduct a 

33 

final reconciliation of such costs and payments within thirty (30) days after receipt of such report and supporting documentation. The Party that is due a Development Reconciliation Payment or Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) Reconciliation Payment shall invoice the other Party within thirty (30) days of receipt of such report from the JSC, and the Party owing a Development Reconciliation Payment or Pre-Tax Profit (Loss) Reconciliation Payment shall pay such amount within thirty (30) days after receipt of the invoice. 

(d) Inventory . If either Party has any inventory of Products upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, the Parties shall mutually agree on whether to assign and transfer such inventory to one Party, dispose and/or sell such Products, or some other course of action; subject to the cost and profit sharing obligations each Party under this Agreement, as applicable. . 

(e) Confidential Information . Each Party shall promptly return to the other Party, or delete or destroy, all relevant records and materials in such Party's possession or control containing Confidential Information of the other Party, except that each Party may keep one copy of such materials for legal archival purposes subject to continuing confidentiality obligations in accordance with Section 8 . 

11.6 Survival . Expiration or termination of this Agreement will not relieve the Parties of any obligations accruing before the effective date of expiration or termination. Without limiting the foregoing, Section 1 (Definitions) and the rights and obligations of the Parties set forth in Section 6.5 (Records and Audit), Section 7.1 (Ownership), Section 8 (Confidentiality; Publicity) (excluding Section 8.4 and 8.5 ), Section 9 (Representations and Warranties) (excluding Section 9.3), Section 10 (Indemnification), Section 11.5 (Effects of Termination), Section 12 (Dispute Resolution), and Section 15 (Miscellaneous), and any right, obligation, or required performance of the Parties under this Agreement that, by its express terms or nature and context is intended to survive expiration or termination of this Agreement, will survive any such expiration or termination. 

12. Dispute Resolution . 

12.1 Objective . The Parties recognize that disputes, controversies, or claims arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or its interpretation, breach, termination, or invalidity (each, a Dispute ), may from time to time occur during the Term. It is the Parties objective to establish procedures to facilitate the resolution of Disputes in an expedient manner by mutual cooperation and without resorting to litigation. To accomplish this objective, subject to Section 12.3 , the Parties shall follow the procedure set forth in this Section 12 to resolve any Dispute. Either Party may initiate the dispute resolution procedure of this Section 12 by giving the other Party notice Dispute Notice ). 

12.2 [ ]. 

12.3 Equitable Remedies; Court Proceedings . Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either Party may initiate court proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction for: 

34 

(a) [ ]; or 

(b) [ ] . 

12.4 Excluded Matters . [ ]. 

12.5 Continued Performance . Each Party shall continue to perform its obligations under the Agreement pending final resolution of any Dispute unless to do so would be impossible or impracticable under the circumstances. If either Party receives a Dispute Notice, then any associated time to cure will be stayed pending the resolution of the issue pursuant to this Section 12 . 

13. Force Majeure . Neither Party will be liable or responsible to the other Party, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached this Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this Agreement, when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from acts of God, flood, fire, earthquake, or other acts of nature, or explosion, war, terrorism, invasion, riot, or other civil unrest, embargoes or blockades in effect on or after the Effective Date, epidemics (but excluding the COVID-19 pandemic), national or regional emergency, strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns, or other industrial disturbances, any governmental order, Law, or action (each, a Force Majeure Event ). The affected Party shall give notice to the other Party, stating the period of time the occurrence is expected to continue. The affected Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to end the failure or delay and ensure the effects of such Force Majeure Event are minimized. The affected Party shall resume the performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably practicable after the removal of the cause. If the affected Party's failure or delay remains uncured for a period of ninety (90) days following notice given by it under this Section 13 , the non-affected Party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the affected Party. 

14. Assignment . 

14.1 Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, neither Party may assign or otherwise transfer all or any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer all or any of its obligations, hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, that either Party may make such an assignment, delegation, or other transfer, in whole or in part, without the other Party's consent: 

(a) to an Affiliate; provided that the assigning Party shall remain liable and responsible for the performance of all obligations and compliance with all other terms and conditions of this Agreement by such Affiliate; or 

(b) in connection with the transfer or sale to a Third Party of all or substantially all of the business or assets of such Party Acquirer ), whether by Change 

35 

of Control, restructuring, or other transaction, and whether this Agreement is expressly assigned or is assumed by the Acquirer by operation of law . 

14.2 [ ]. 

14.3 No delegation or other transfer by a Party will relieve such Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement. Any purported assignment or other transfer in violation of this Section 14 is void. This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 

15. Miscellaneous . 

15.1 Further Assurances . Each Party shall, upon the reasonable request of the other Party, promptly execute such documents and perform such acts as may be necessary to give full effect to the terms of this Agreement, including upon expiration or termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.5 . 

15.2 Relationship of the Parties . The relationship between the Parties is that of independent contractors. Nothing contained in this Agreement will be construed as creating any agency, partnership, joint venture, or other form of joint enterprise, employment, or fiduciary relationship between the Parties, and neither Party will have authority to contract for or bind the other Party in any manner whatsoever. 

15.3 Notices . Each Party shall deliver all notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications under this Agreement (each, a Notice in writing and addressed to the other Party at its address set out below (or to any other address the receiving Party may designate from time to time in accordance with this Section). Each Party shall deliver all Notices by personal delivery, nationally recognized overnight courier (with all fees prepaid), facsimile or email (with confirmation of transmission), or certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt requested, postage prepaid). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, a Notice is effective only: (a) upon receipt by the receiving Party; and (b) if the Party giving the Notice has complied with the requirements of this Section. 

If to GreenLight: 
 29 Hartwell Avenue, Lexington, MA 02421 Attention:	Andrey Zarur, Chief Executive Officer [ ] Kimberly Warren, SVP, BD, Human Health [ ] Copy to: Nina Thayer, Deputy General Counsel [ ] 

If to EVT: 
 EPIVAX THERAPEUTICS [ ] Attention: NICOLE RUGGIERO, CEO [ ] Copy to: [ ] Duane Morris LLP, 1540 Broadway, NY NY 10036 

36 

Email: [ ] 

15.4 Interpretation . For purposes of this Agreement: (a) the words include, includes, and including will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation (b) the word or is not exclusive; and (c) the words herein, hereof, hereby, hereto, and hereunder refer to this Agreement as a whole. Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein: (x) to Sections and Schedules refer to the Sections of and Schedules attached to this Agreement; (y) to an agreement, instrument, or other document means such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof; and (z) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and any regulations promulgated thereunder. This Agreement is to be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. 

15.5 Headings . The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 

15.6 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with any other documents incorporated herein by reference and all related Schedules and Exhibits, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. 

15.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or will confer upon any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever, under or because of this Agreement. 

15.8 Amendment; Modification; Waiver . This Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each of the Parties. No waiver by any Party of any of the provisions hereof will be effective unless expressly set forth in writing and signed by the waiving Party. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this Agreement will operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege. 

15.9 Cumulative Remedies . All rights and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive and are in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights or remedies that may now or subsequently be available at Law or in equity or otherwise. 

15.10 Severability . If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon a determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this 

37 

Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible. 

15.11 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction . 

(a) This Agreement and all related documents, and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement, are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

(b) Any Dispute for which a Party is permitted to bring a court proceeding shall be instituted in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in each case located in the city of Boston and County of Suffolk, and each Party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts in any such suit, action, or proceeding. Service of process, summons, notice, or other document by mail to such Party s address set forth herein will be effective service of process for any suit, action, or other proceeding brought in any such court. 

15.12 Waiver of Jury Trial . Each Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to a trial by jury for any court proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby for which a Party may bring such a court proceeding. 

15.13 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, email, or other means of electronic transmission (to which a PDF copy is attached) will be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

[signature page follows] 
 38 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. 
 
 GREENLIGHT BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

By_____________________ 
 Name: Andrey Zarur 
 Title: CEO 
 
 EPIVAX THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

By_____________________ 
 Name: Nicole Ruggiero 
 Title: CEO 

39 

SCHEDULE A 
 EVT Technology 
 [ ] 

SCHEDULE B 
 GreenLight Technology 
 [ ] 

SCHEDULE C 
 [ ] 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 5
 grna-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction 

GreenLight Biosciences, Inc. (100 
 
 Delaware, United States of America 

GreenLight Security Corporation (100 
 
 Massachusetts, United States of America 

GreenLight Biosciences Espana, S.L. (100 
 
 Spain 

Percentage in parentheses indicates GreenLight Bioscience Holdings, PBC s direct or indirect percentage ownership. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 grna-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-264256 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements of GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 grna-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification 
 I, Andrey J. Zarur, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/ s/ Andrey J. Zarur 

Andrey J. Zarur 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 grna-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification 
 I, Susan Keefe, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/ s / Susan Keefe 

Susan Keefe 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 grna-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of GreenLight Biosciences Holdings, PBC (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best knowledge and belief of the signatory, pursuant to 18 U.S.C 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/ s / Andrey J. Zarur 

/ s / Susan Keefe 

Andrey J. Zarur 

Susan Keefe 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 

Date: 
 
 March 28, 2023 

Date: 
 
 March 28, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to liability under that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except to the extent that this Exhibit 32.2 is expressly and specifically incorporated by reference in any such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 grna-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 grna-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 26
 grna-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 27
 grna-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 28
 grna-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

