<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1656472_0001656472-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18326993</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>539625</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2984983</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6715805</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4076168</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3689115</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001656472-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228073538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001656472-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cronos Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001656472
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38403
		FILM NUMBER:		23678399

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 PETER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5V 2H1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(416) 504-0004

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 PETER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5V 2H1

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PharmaCan Capital Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151021

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001656472-23-000015.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 cron-20221231.htm
 10-K

cron-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________ 
 
 Form 
 __________________ 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File No. 
 __________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 __________________________ British Columbia, 
 N/A (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 ____________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of common shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant computed by reference to the closing price of 2.82 per common share on June 30, 2022 was approximately . 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were common shares of the Registrant issued and outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 49 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 49 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 51 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 52 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 53 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 54 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 71 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 73 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 123 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 123 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 125 
 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 125 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 126 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 126 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 126 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 126 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 126 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 127 
 
 Unless otherwise noted or the context indicates otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report to the Company , Cronos , we , us and our refer to Cronos Group Inc., its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries and, if applicable, its joint ventures and investments accounted for by the equity method; the term cannabis means the plant of any species or subspecies of genus Cannabis and any part of that plant, including all derivatives, extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers; the term U.S. hemp has the meaning given to term hemp in the U.S. Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018 (the 2018 Farm Bill ), including hemp-derived cannabidiol CBD and the term U.S. Schedule I cannabis means cannabis excluding U.S. hemp. 
 This report contains references to our trademarks and trade names and to trademarks and trade names belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this report may appear without the or symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trademarks or trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us or our business by, any other companies. 
 All currency amounts in this Annual Report are stated in U.S. dollars, which is our reporting currency, unless otherwise noted. All references to dollars or are to U.S. dollars; all references to C are to Canadian dollars; all references to A are to Australian dollars; and all references to ILS are to New Israeli Shekels. 
 (Exchange rates are shown as C per As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average rate 1.3017 1.2541 1.3411 Spot rate 1.3554 1.2746 1.2751 
 All summaries of agreements described herein are qualified by the full text of such agreements (certain of which are filed as exhibits hereto). 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report, the documents incorporated into this Annual Report by reference, other reports we file with, or furnish to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and other regulatory agencies, and statements by our directors, officers, other employees and other persons authorized to speak on our behalf contain information that may constitute forward-looking information and forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable U.S. and Canadian securities laws and court decisions (collectively, Forward-Looking Statements ), which are based upon our current internal expectations, estimates, projections, assumptions and beliefs. All information that is not clearly historical in nature may constitute Forward-Looking Statements. In some cases, Forward-Looking Statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as expect , likely , may , will , should , intend , anticipate , potential , proposed , estimate and other similar words, expressions and phrases, including negative and grammatical variations thereof, or statements that certain events or conditions may or will happen, or by discussion of strategy. Forward-Looking Statements include estimates, plans, expectations, opinions, forecasts, projections, targets, guidance or other statements that are not statements of historical fact. 
 Forward-Looking Statements include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to: 
 expectations related to our announced realignment (the Realignment and any progress, challenges and effects related thereto as well as changes in strategy, metrics, investments, reporting structure, costs, operating expenses, employee turnover and other changes with respect thereto; 
 the timing of the change in the nature of operations at our facility in Stayner, Ontario (the Peace Naturals Campus and the expected costs and benefits from the wind-down of cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus; 
 our ability to effectively wind-down cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus in an organized fashion and acquire raw materials from other suppliers, including Cronos Growing Company Inc. Cronos GrowCo ), and the costs and timing associated therewith; 
 expectations regarding the potential success of, and the costs and benefits associated with, our joint ventures, strategic alliances and equity investments, including the strategic partnership (the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership with Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc. Ginkgo 
 our ability or plans to identify, develop, commercialize or expand our technology and research and development R D initiatives in cannabinoids, or the success thereof; 
 expectations regarding revenues, expenses, gross margins and capital expenditures; 
 expectations regarding our future production and manufacturing strategy and operations, the costs and timing associated therewith and the receipt of applicable production and sale licenses; 
 the ongoing impact of the legalization of additional cannabis product types and forms for adult-use in Canada, including federal, provincial, territorial and municipal regulations pertaining thereto, the related timing and impact thereof and our intentions to participate in such markets; 
 the legalization of the use of cannabis for medical or adult-use in jurisdictions outside of Canada, the related timing and impact thereof and our intentions to participate in such markets, if and when such use is legalized; 
 the grant, renewal, withdrawal, suspension, delay and impact of any license or supplemental license to conduct activities with cannabis or any amendments thereof; 
 our ability to successfully create and launch brands and further create, launch and scale U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid consumer products and cannabis products; 
 the benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing and social acceptance of cannabis, including CBD and other cannabinoids; 
 laws and regulations and any amendments thereto applicable to our business and the impact thereof, including uncertainty regarding the application of United States U.S. state and federal law to U.S. hemp (including CBD and other U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoids) products and the scope of any regulations by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA ), the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ), the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (the PTO and any state equivalent regulatory agencies over U.S. hemp (including CBD and other U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoids) products; 
 the laws and regulations and any amendments thereto relating to the U.S. hemp industry in the U.S., including the promulgation of regulations for the U.S. hemp industry by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the USDA and relevant state regulatory authorities; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 the anticipated benefits and impact of Altria Group Inc. s investment in the Company (the Altria Investment ), pursuant to a subscription agreement dated December 7, 2018; 
 uncertainties as to our ability to exercise our option (the PharmaCann Option in PharmaCann Inc. PharmaCann ), in the near term or the future, in full or in part, including the uncertainties as to the status and future development of federal legalization of cannabis in the U.S. and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction with PharmaCann; 
 expectations regarding the implementation and effectiveness of key personnel changes; 
 expectations regarding acquisitions and dispositions and the anticipated benefits therefrom; 
 our ability to timely and effectively remediate any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting; 
 expectations of the amount or frequency of impairment losses, including as a result of the write-down of intangible assets, including goodwill; 
 the uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, including our ability, and the abilities of our joint ventures and our suppliers and distributors, to effectively deal with the restrictions, limitations and health issues presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, the ability to continue our production, distribution and sale of our products, and demand for and the use of our products by consumers; 
 the impact of the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine (and resulting sanctions) on our business, financial condition and results of operations or cash flows; 
 our compliance with the terms of the settlement with the SEC (the SEC Order and the settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission (the OSC Settlement ), including complying with any recommendations made by the independent consultant appointed pursuant to the SEC Order (the Consultant and 
 the impact of the loss of our ability to rely on private offering exemptions under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the loss of our status as a well-known seasoned issuer, each as a result the SEC Order. 
 Certain of the Forward-Looking Statements contained herein concerning the industries in which we conduct our business are based on estimates prepared by us using data from publicly available governmental sources, market research, industry analysis and on assumptions based on data and knowledge of these industries, which we believe to be reasonable. However, although generally indicative of relative market positions, market shares and performance characteristics, such data is inherently imprecise. The industries in which we conduct our business involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on various factors, which are described further below. 
 The Forward-Looking Statements contained herein are based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or projection, including: (i) our ability to realize the expected cost-savings, efficiencies and other benefits of our Realignment and employee turnover related thereto; (ii) our ability to efficiently and effectively wind-down our cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus, receive the benefits of the change in the nature of our operations at our Peace Naturals Campus and acquire raw materials on a timely and cost-effective basis from third parties, including Cronos GrowCo; (iii) our ability to realize anticipated benefits, synergies or generate revenue, profits or value from our acquisitions and strategic investments; (iv) the production and manufacturing capabilities and output from our facilities and our joint ventures, strategic alliances and equity investments; (v) government regulation of our activities and products including, but not limited to, the areas of cannabis taxation and environmental protection; (vi) the timely receipt of any required regulatory authorizations, approvals, consents, permits and/or licenses; (vii) consumer interest in our products; (viii) competition; (ix) anticipated and unanticipated costs; (x) our ability to generate cash flow from operations; (xi) our ability to conduct operations in a safe, efficient and effective manner; (xii) our ability to hire and retain qualified staff, and acquire equipment and services in a timely and cost-efficient manner; (xiii) our ability to exercise the PharmaCann Option and realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction with PharmaCann; (xiv) our ability to complete planned dispositions, and, if completed, obtain our anticipated sales price; (xv) our ability, and the abilities of our joint ventures and our suppliers and distributors, to effectively deal with the restrictions, limitations and health issues presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and the ability to continue our production, distribution and sale of our products and customer demand for and use of our products; (xvi) general economic, financial market, regulatory and political conditions in which we operate; (xvii) management s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments; and (xviii) other considerations that management believes to be appropriate in the circumstances. While our management considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available to management, there is no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 By their nature, Forward-Looking Statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved. A variety of factors, including known and unknown risks, many of which are beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ materially from the Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report and other reports we file with, or furnish to, the SEC and other regulatory agencies and made by our directors, officers, other employees and other persons authorized to speak on our behalf. Such factors include, without limitation, that we may not be able to wind-down cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus in a disciplined manner or achieve the anticipated benefits of the change in the nature of our operations or be able to access raw materials on a timely and cost-effective basis from third-parties, including Cronos GrowCo; the risk that the COVID-19 pandemic and the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine may disrupt our operations and those of our suppliers and distribution channels and negatively impact the demand for and use of our products; the risk that cost savings and any other synergies from the Altria Investment may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; failure to execute key personnel changes; the risks that our Realignment, the change in the nature of our operations at the Peace Naturals Campus and our further leveraging of our strategic partnerships will not result in the expected cost-savings, efficiencies and other benefits or will result in greater than anticipated turnover in personnel; levels of revenues; the lack of consumer demand for our cannabis and U.S. hemp products; our inability to manage disruptions in credit markets or changes to our credit ratings; unanticipated future levels of capital, environmental or maintenance expenditures, general and administrative and other expenses; growth opportunities not turning out as expected; the lack of cash flow necessary to execute our business plan (either within the expected timeframe or at all); difficulty raising capital; the potential adverse effects of judicial, regulatory or other proceedings, or threatened litigation or proceedings, on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; volatility in and/or degradation of general economic, market, industry or business conditions; compliance with applicable environmental, economic, health and safety, energy and other policies and regulations and in particular health concerns with respect to vaping and the use of cannabis and U.S. hemp products in vaping devices; the unexpected effects of actions of third parties such as competitors, activist investors or federal (including U.S. federal), state, provincial, territorial or local regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations; adverse changes in regulatory requirements in relation to our business and products; legal or regulatory obstacles that could prevent us from being able to exercise the PharmaCann Option and thereby realizing the anticipated benefits of the transaction with PharmaCann; dilution of our fully diluted ownership of PharmaCann and the loss of our rights as a result of that dilution; a delay in our remediation of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the improvement of our control environment and our systems, processes and procedures; and the factors discussed under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Readers are cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Forward-Looking Statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding our financial performance, financial position and cash flows as of and for periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on these Forward-Looking Statements because of their inherent uncertainty and to appreciate the limited purposes for which they are being used by management. While we believe that the assumptions and expectations reflected in the Forward-Looking Statements are reasonable based on information currently available to management, there is no assurance that such assumptions and expectations will prove to have been correct. Forward-Looking Statements are made as of the date they are made and are based on the beliefs, estimates, expectations and opinions of management on that date. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any Forward-Looking Statements, whether as a result of new information, estimates or opinions, future events or results or otherwise or to explain any material difference between subsequent actual events and such Forward-Looking Statements. The Forward-Looking Statements contained in this Annual Report and other reports we file with, or furnish to, the SEC and other regulatory agencies and made by our directors, officers, other employees and other persons authorized to speak on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 Cronos is incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia with principal executive offices located at 111 Peter Street, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5V 2H1. Our telephone number is +1-416-504-0004, our website is https://thecronosgroup.com/ and the investor relations section of our website is https://ir.thecronosgroup.com/. All references to our website are inactive references, are for informational purposes only and are not intended to incorporate any information from or referenced on our website into this Annual Report. 
 Our common shares are currently listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX and on the NASDAQ Global Market Nasdaq under the trading symbol CRON. 
 Description of the Business 
 Overview 
 Cronos is an innovative global cannabinoid company committed to building disruptive intellectual property by advancing cannabis research, technology and product development. With a passion to responsibly elevate the consumer experience, Cronos is building an iconic brand portfolio. Cronos diverse international brand portfolio includes Spinach , PEACE NATURALS and Lord Jones . 
 Strategy 
 Cronos seeks to create value for shareholders by focusing on four core strategic priorities: 
 growing a portfolio of iconic brands that responsibly elevate the consumer experience; 
 developing a diversified global sales and distribution network; 
 establishing an efficient global supply chain; and 
 creating and monetizing disruptive intellectual property. 
 Business Segments 
 Cronos reports through two segments: United States and Rest of World. These two segments represent the geographic regions in which the Company operates and the different product offerings within each geographic region. 
 United States 
 Our U.S. operational subsidiaries (collectively, Redwood manufacture, market and distribute U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid products through e-commerce, retail and hospitality partner channels in the United States under the Lord Jones brand. 
 Strategic Investment in PharmaCann, Inc. 
 On June 14, 2021, Cronos USA Holdings Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, purchased an option (the PharmaCann Option ), with an exercise price of 0.0001 per share, to acquire an approximately 10.5 ownership stake in PharmaCann, Inc. PharmaCann on a fully diluted basis for total consideration of approximately 110.4 million. PharmaCann is a leading vertically integrated U.S. cannabis company that has a broad geographic footprint in the U.S. and has built an efficient, effective and scalable operating model. The PharmaCann Option exercise will be based upon various factors, including the status of U.S. federal cannabis legalization, as well as regulatory approvals, including in the states where PharmaCann operates that may be required upon exercise. Following the exercise of the PharmaCann Option, the Company and PharmaCann will enter into commercial agreements that would permit each party to offer its products through either party s distribution channels. 
 On February 28, 2022, PharmaCann closed its merger transaction with LivWell Holdings, Inc. LivWell pursuant to which PharmaCann acquired LivWell (the LivWell Transaction ). LivWell is a multi-state cannabis cultivation and retail leader based in Colorado. As a result of the LivWell Transaction, the Company s ownership percentage in PharmaCann on a fully diluted basis decreased to approximately 6.4 . As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ownership percentage in PharmaCann on a fully diluted basis was approximately 6.3 . Under the terms of the Company s investment in PharmaCann, the Company s rights to nominate an observer or a director to the PharmaCann board of directors could be lost if the Company s ownership drops below 6 on a fully diluted basis and it sells or transfers all or any portion of the option (subject to certain exceptions). As a result, further dilution could adversely affect the Company s rights under the PharmaCann Option. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 No U.S. Schedule I Cannabis-Related Activities 
 On December 20, 2018, the 2018 Farm Bill was enacted in the U.S., removing U.S. hemp from the list of Schedule I controlled substances under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act (the CSA ), and on January 19, 2021, the USDA issued a final rule establishing a domestic U.S. hemp production regulatory program, effective March 2021. Though a number of states in the U.S. have authorized the cultivation, distribution or possession of U.S. Schedule I cannabis and U.S. Schedule I cannabis containing products to various degrees and subject to various requirements or conditions, U.S. Schedule I cannabis continues to be a Schedule I controlled substance under the CSA. Therefore, the cultivation, manufacture, distribution and possession of U.S. Schedule I cannabis violates federal law in the U.S. unless a U.S. federal agency, such as the DEA, grants a registration for a specific activity, such as research, with U.S. Schedule I cannabis. 
 We do not engage in any activities related to U.S. Schedule I cannabis in the U.S. The Ginkgo Strategic Partnership contemplates the performance of licensed R D activities in the U.S. in order to produce cultured cannabinoids, but such activities are conducted in compliance with all applicable laws regarding controlled substances. 
 Rest of World 
 The Rest of World operating segment is involved in the cultivation, manufacturing, and marketing of cannabis-derived products for medical and adult-use markets. 
 In Canada, Cronos operates through two wholly owned license holders under the Cannabis Act (Canada) (the Cannabis Act ), Peace Naturals Project Inc. Peace Naturals ), which has production facilities near Stayner, Ontario (the Peace Naturals Campus and Thanos Holdings Ltd., known as Cronos Fermentation Cronos Fermentation ), which has a production facility in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Cronos has established two strategic joint ventures in Canada and Israel and holds approximately 10 of the issued capital of Vitura Health Limited Vitura ), formerly known as Cronos Australia Limited, which is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the trading symbol VIT. Cronos seeks to export cannabis products to countries that permit the import of such products. 
 Peace Naturals Campus / Cronos GrowCo 
 The production facilities at the Peace Naturals Campus and the production facilities of Cronos GrowCo are licensed by Health Canada under the Cannabis Act to engage in the cultivation, processing, distribution and sale of dried cannabis flower, cannabis resin, cannabis seeds, cannabis plants, cannabis extracts, cannabis topicals and cannabis edibles, among other prescribed activities. 
 Cronos Fermentation 
 The production facility at Cronos Fermentation is licensed by Health Canada under the Cannabis Act to engage in the processing and distribution and sale of cannabis seeds and cannabis plants, among other prescribed activities, which includes the production of cultured cannabinoids. The facility also holds a license for Analytical Testing under the Cannabis Regulations. 
 Israel 
 In Israel, the Company operates under the IMC-GAP, IMC-GMP and IMC-GDP certifications required for the cultivation, production and marketing of dried flower, pre-rolls and oils in the Israeli medical market. 
 Operations Outside of Canada, Israel, and the U.S. 
 Cronos anticipates expanding in the geographic markets outside of Canada and the U.S. in which we currently participate and entering new geographic markets. By leveraging operational, manufacturing and regulatory expertise, quality standards and procedures and intellectual property, we believe that we are well-positioned to effectively access these markets. Subject to applicable regulatory approvals, strategic international business opportunities pursued by us could include: 
 production, distribution, sales and marketing in jurisdictions that have passed legislation to legalize the production, distribution and possession of cannabis products at all relevant levels of government; and 
 the export of cannabis products to markets that permit the import of such products. 
 We seek to conduct business only in jurisdictions where we believe it is legal to do so and where such operations remain compliant with our listing obligations with the TSX and Nasdaq. Determining whether a business activity is legal in a jurisdiction may require judgment since laws, rules, regulations and licenses may not be clear and legal interpretation and advice of counsel may vary. If a business activity in which we engage in any jurisdiction is determined to be illegal, we could be subject to fines, penalties, reputational harm, delisting from securities exchanges and material civil, criminal and regulatory litigation and proceedings or be enjoined from doing business in the applicable jurisdiction. See Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Regulation and Compliance - We operate in highly regulated sectors where the regulatory environment is rapidly developing, and we may not always succeed in complying fully with applicable regulatory requirements in all jurisdictions where we carry on business. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Joint Ventures/Strategic Investments 
 We have established two strategic joint ventures in Canada and Israel. Additionally, we hold approximately 10 of the issued capital of Vitura, which we account for as equity securities with a readily determinable fair value, and approximately 13.7 of the issued capital of NatuEra S. .r.l. Natuera ), which we account for as equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our ownership interest in each of our joint ventures is summarized in the table below. 
 Joint Venture Jurisdiction Ownership Interest (i) 
 Cronos Israel (ii) 
 Israel 70 /90 Cronos GrowCo (iii) 
 Canada 50 
 (i) We define ownership interest as the proportionate share of net income to which we are entitled; equity interest may differ from ownership interest shown above. We consolidate the financial results of Cronos Israel and account for our other joint ventures under the equity method of accounting. See Note 1 Background, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 3 Investments to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (ii) A strategic joint venture with Kibbutz Gan Shmuel Gan Shmuel ), an Israeli agricultural collective settlement, for the production, manufacturing and global distribution of medical cannabis, consisting of a cultivation company (Cronos Israel G.S. Cultivation Ltd.), a manufacturing company (Cronos Israel G.S. Manufacturing Ltd.), a distribution company (Cronos Israel G.S. Store Ltd.) and a pharmacy company (Cronos Israel G.S. Pharmacy Ltd., collectively, Cronos Israel ). We hold a 70 equity interest in the cultivation company and a 90 equity interest in each of the manufacturing, distribution and pharmacy companies. 
 (iii) A strategic joint venture with a group of investors led by Bert Mucci (the Greenhouse Partners ), a Canadian large-scale greenhouse operator. Each of Cronos and the Greenhouse Partners owns a 50 equity interest in Cronos GrowCo and has equal representation on its board of directors. 
 Brand Portfolio 
 We are committed to building a portfolio of iconic brands that responsibly elevate the consumer experience. 
 In the U.S., we market and distribute U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid products through e-commerce, retail and hospitality channels under the Lord Jones brand. 
 In Canada, we sell a variety of cannabis products through wholesale channels under both our adult-use brand, Spinach , and under our wellness platform, PEACE NATURALS . In addition, PEACE NATURALS cannabis products are currently available in the Israeli medical market. 

Brand Positioning Mainstream adult-use Wellness Prestige adult consumer goods Product Offering Dried cannabis, pre-rolls, vaporizers, edibles Dried cannabis, pre-rolls, cannabis tinctures U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid products Geographic Availability Canada Canada and Israel 
 U.S. 
 Adult-Use Brand 
 Spinach is the Company s adult-use cannabis brand focused on friends, fun and legendary cannabis. The Spinach brand portfolio includes cannabinoid products in a wide range of formats including dried flower, pre-rolls, vaporizers and edibles. 
 The Spinach brand also has two sub-brands, SOURZ by Spinach and SPINACH FEELZ . SOURZ by Spinach is a line of dual-colored, dual-flavored edibles in a variety of cannabinoid ratios in a distinctive S shared gummy, featuring proprietary flavor masking technology. SPINACH FEELZ prominently features rare cannabinoids in a range of product formats, designed to deliver unique and enhanced experiences made possible through proprietary blends of rare cannabinoids alongside common cannabinoids, like THC and CBD. Each product is formulated to help adult consumers, Feelz. The Way You Want. 
 Wellness Brand 
 PEACE NATURALS is a global wellness platform committed to producing high-quality cannabis products. PEACE NATURALS is focused on building and shaping the global cannabis wellness market and promoting a holistic approach to wellness. The Company currently distributes products under PEACE NATURALS for the Canadian and non-U.S. medical cannabis markets. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Hemp-derived Cannabinoid Brands 
 The Company operates Lord Jones , a prestige U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid brand in the U.S., for the adult consumer goods market. 
 Happy Dance and PEACE+ were brands focused on the production and distribution of U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid products. The Company no longer produces or distributes products under the Happy Dance and PEACE+ brands. 
 Cronos Marketing Code 
 In 2021, Cronos released its Marketing Code, which is designed to responsibly move the emerging cannabis industry forward. Cronos believes that those below the legal age of consumption should not be targeted in an adult-use cannabis market. Cronos recognizes there is a clear need for standards. 
 The principles in the Cronos Marketing Code apply to all marketing activities of all Cronos brands globally and are communicated to all business partners in any work they do on the Company s behalf. The Marketing Code represents Cronos commitment to responsible marketing standards. The code standards are: 
 Our advertising will be targeted to adults. 
 We will highlight responsible cannabis consumption and any people depicted in any imagery will be adults. 
 Our brand websites and social media will be designed for adults. 
 Our marketing events will be targeted to adults and will promote responsible cannabis consumption. 
 We will provide our customers with facts and substantiate our claims. 
 Global Sales and Distribution - Principal Markets 
 Cronos has developed a diversified global sales and distribution network. We have built a distribution footprint in Canada through the adult-use market, as well as a distribution footprint for U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid products in the U.S. through e-commerce, retail and hospitality channels. We have also built a distribution channel for the Israeli medical market. Our PEACE NATURALS medical cannabis products are sold in Canada through the Medical Cannabis by Shoppers Drug Mart platform. 
 United States Market and Distribution 
 Through Redwood, the Company manufactures, markets and distributes U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid products through e-commerce, retail and hospitality partner channels in the U.S. under the Lord Jones brand. Redwood s products use high-quality cannabinoids from U.S. hemp extract that retains naturally occurring phytocannabinoids and terpenes found in the plant. We plan to use our resources to capitalize on market demand and to further create and scale U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid products and brands. We do not engage in any commercial activities related to the cultivation, distribution or possession of U.S. Schedule I cannabis in the U.S. 
 Rest of World 
 Canadian Market and Distribution 
 Medical Market. Our PEACE NATURALS medical cannabis products are sold in Canada through the Medical Cannabis by Shoppers Drug Mart platform. 
 Adult-Use. We currently sell dried flower, pre-rolls, vaporizers and edibles through our adult-use brand, Spinach , to cannabis control authorities in all provinces of Canada and the Yukon territory, except Saskatchewan, where we sell to private-sector retailers, subject to the relevant province s or territory s product or other restrictions and requirements. As the Company s supply chain grows, the Company continues to expand its portfolio of cannabis products for the existing markets in Canada. 
 Markets and Distribution Outside of Canada 
 Israel. Cronos Israel holds the IMC-GAP, IMC-GMP and IMC-GDP certifications required for the cultivation, production and marketing of dried flower, pre-rolls and oils in Israel. Cronos Israel distributes PEACE NATURALS branded cannabis products to the Israeli medical cannabis market through pharmacies. See - Licenses and Regulatory Framework in Israel. 
 Europe. We have previously distributed PEACE NATURALS branded cannabis products in Germany. 
 Australia and Asia-Pacific. Vitura holds an import license from the Australian Office of Drug Control to import PEACE NATURALS branded cannabis products for sale in the Australian medical market under the terms of the relevant permits, which Vitura applies for on a case-by-case basis. On November 29, 2022, the shareholders of Cronos Australia approved a proposal to change the name of the company to Vitura Health Limited (the CAU Name Change ), which change became effective on February 6, 2023. On December 2, 2022, in connection with the CAU Name Change, Vitura and the Company mutually agreed to terminate the intellectual property license that granted Vitura the right to use certain intellectual property of the Company, including, but not limited to, the Cronos name and the PEACE NATURALS brand. Vitura has 180 days following the date of termination to cease all usage of the Company s intellectual property. Vitura did not import PEACE NATURALS branded cannabis products from the Company during 2022. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We continue to seek new international distribution channels in jurisdictions that have legalized the production, distribution and possession of cannabis products at all relevant levels of government. 
 Global Supply Chain 
 Cronos is focused on establishing an efficient global supply chain by seeking to develop industry-leading methodologies and best practices at Cronos Fermentation and the Peace Naturals Campus and leveraging this expertise to create beneficial production partnerships. We plan to continue to develop a global supply chain, which will employ a combination of wholly owned production facilities, third party suppliers and global production partnerships, all of which will support the manufacturing of cannabinoid-based consumer goods. 
 United States 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into contract manufacturing agreements with suppliers of our products. We may supply these third-party manufacturers with U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoids or infused bulk product, and other inputs such as packaging that we source from other third-party suppliers. The contract manufacturers supply any other necessary ingredients to manufacture products using our formulas and fill and package our finished products. Our contract manufacturing and supply agreements generally do not require us to purchase minimum quantities of materials or products. 
 In producing our supplement products, we source our ingredients from our suppliers on an ongoing as-needed basis. We have not entered into any contracts that obligate us to purchase a minimum quantity or exclusively from any supplier. Our supplements are manufactured according to Good Manufacturing Practices GMP ), which we employ at our facility in Los Angeles, California. 
 Rest of World 
 Canadian Supply Chain 
 Facilities at Cronos Fermentation and Peace Naturals Campus . Cronos Fermentation and the Peace Naturals Campus are licensed for cannabis production and the manufacturing of certain cannabis products. Cronos Fermentation engages in R D to produce high-quality cultured cannabinoids at commercial scale. In addition to manufacturing cultured cannabinoids, scientists at the facility create cannabinoid product formulations, and engage in product development. The Peace Naturals Campus is engaged in processing, finishing, packaging and shipping activities, as well as R D activities, including cannabinoid product formulation, product development, tissue culture and micro propagation. The GMP certificate issued under relevant European Economic Area GMP directives by the national competent authority of Germany was retracted in 2022 due to the announcement of the closure of the Peace Naturals Campus. 
 Cronos GrowCo. The Cronos GrowCo production facility is licensed for cannabis production and the manufacturing of certain cannabis products. Under its current licenses, Cronos GrowCo is permitted to sell certain cannabis products to other license holders in the wholesale channel, as well as to provincial cannabis control authorities. Cronos GrowCo holds Global GAP and ICANN GAP certifications (equivalent to IMC-GAP) for the export of dried cannabis to Israel. 
 Third Party Supply and Manufacturing Agreements. In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into spot market purchase agreements and supply agreements with suppliers of dried cannabis and other cannabis products. Our supply agreements, for the most part, do not obligate us to purchase minimum quantities of products and generally contain provisions permitting cancellation of orders or termination on notice. We also enter into contract manufacturing agreements with other license holders for certain manufacturing and processing services related to our products. 
 Supply Chain Outside of Canada 
 Cronos Israel . Cronos Israel holds the IMC-GAP, IMC-GMP and IMC-GDP certifications required for the cultivation, production, distribution, and marketing of dried flower, pre-rolls and oils in Israel. Cronos Israel distributes PEACE NATURALS branded cannabis products to the Israeli medical market. See - Licenses and Regulatory Framework in Israel. 
 Major Customers 
 Major customers are customers for which sales equaled or exceeded 10 of our consolidated net revenues for the year. We had three major customers, Ontario Cannabis Retail Corporation, Alberta Gaming, Liquor and Cannabis Commission, and Soci t Qu b coise du Cannabis (the SQDC ), which accounted for approximately 28 , 17 and 10 , respectively, of our consolidated net revenues, before excises taxes, for the year ended December 31, 2022. We mitigate credit risk through verification of the customers liquidity prior to the authorization of material transactions. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Government Contracts 
 In Canada, we sell cannabis products to cannabis control authorities in all provinces of Canada and the Yukon territory, except for Saskatchewan (where we sell to private-sector retailers), where each such cannabis control authority is the sole wholesale distributor and in certain provinces, the sole retailer, of cannabis products. We sell these products to the various cannabis control authorities under supply agreements that are subject to terms that allow for renegotiation of sale prices and termination at the election of the applicable cannabis control authority. In particular, the cannabis control authorities have in the past and may in the future choose to stop purchasing our products, may change the prices at which they purchase our products, may return our products to us and, in certain circumstances, may cancel purchase orders at any time including after products have been shipped. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had approximately 77.6 million in sales to cannabis control authorities in Canada. 
 Research and Development Activities and Intellectual Property 
 Ginkgo 
 The collaboration and license agreement between Ginkgo and the Company (the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement has enabled us to produce certain cultured cannabinoids at commercial scale at a fraction of the cost compared to traditional cultivation practices. The Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement was amended in June 2021 to enable accelerated commercialization of such cultured cannabinoids, ultimately resulting in the Company s launching of its first cultured cannabinoid product containing cannabigerol CBG in the second half of 2021. These cultured cannabinoid molecules are identical to those produced by plants grown using traditional cultivation but are created by leveraging the power of biological manufacturing via fermentation. These cultured cannabinoids include rare cannabinoids that are difficult to produce at high purity and scale through traditional cultivation. 
 Cronos is able to produce large volumes of these cultured cannabinoids from custom yeast strains, as they are successfully created through the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership, by leveraging existing fermentation infrastructure at Cronos Fermentation in Winnipeg, Manitoba without incurring significant capital expenditures to build new cultivation and extraction facilities. 
 The Ginkgo Strategic Partnership contemplates the performance of licensed R D activities in the U.S. in order to produce cultured cannabinoids, and such activities are to be conducted in compliance with all applicable laws regarding controlled substances. We intend to produce and distribute the target cannabinoids globally, where permitted by applicable law, and have received confirmation from Health Canada that this method of production is permitted under the Cannabis Act. 
 Ginkgo has filed certain patent applications pertaining to biosynthesis of cannabinoids to protect the intellectual property developed as part of the research progressing under the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership. Under the partnership, Cronos is the exclusive licensee of the intellectual property covered by the patent applications for the target cannabinoids. 
 Cronos Fermentation 
 Cronos Fermentation is a GMP-standard fermentation and manufacturing facility in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The state-of-the-art facility includes fully equipped laboratories covering microbiology, organic and analytical chemistry, quality control and method development as well as two large-scale microbial fermentation production areas, chemical manufacturing production areas, three downstream processing plants, and bulk product and packaging capabilities. The facility provides the fermentation and manufacturing capabilities we need in order to capitalize on the progress underway with Ginkgo, by enabling us to produce the target cannabinoids contemplated under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement at commercial scale with high quality and high purity. 
 The Company is prioritizing rare cannabinoids, such as CBG, CBC and THCV, over common cannabinoids, such as THC and CBD, and has been sequencing commercial production and subsequent product launches based upon this approach. The Company achieved its first two equity milestones in 2021, and an additional three equity milestones in 2022. The achievement of equity milestones for the remaining target cannabinoids generally will occur sequentially based on Ginkgo s ability to produce such target cannabinoids as contemplated under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. 
 Competitive Conditions 
 Competitive Conditions in the United States 
 We face competition in all aspects of our business in the U.S. hemp market. In addition to numerous small companies and brands, we compete with larger, national companies that may have larger distribution capabilities with more developed and efficient supply chain operations. The principal factors on which we compete with other U.S. hemp brands are product quality, innovation, intellectual property, brand recognition and price. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company began a phased exit of the wholesale beauty category in the U.S. business to focus the portfolio on adult-use product formats within the direct-to-consumer channel. We believe the Company s strong capitalization resulting from the Altria Investment, along with the Lord Jones brand recognition and differentiation in the U.S. hemp retail channel, will enable us to provide better quality consumer products, grow our U.S. hemp business and strengthen our market position in the U.S. However, rapidly evolving and developing federal and state regulatory frameworks affect all areas of our business and could result in our inability to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. See U.S. Hemp Regulatory Framework for further information on regulatory framework on U.S. hemp. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Competitive Conditions in Rest of World 
 Competitive Conditions in Canada 
 We face competition in all aspects of our business in the Canadian adult-use and medical markets. As the demand for cannabis increases as a result of the legalization of adult-use cannabis in Canada under the Cannabis Act, we believe that new competitors will continue to enter the market. 
 The principal factors on which we compete with other Canadian license holders are product quality, innovation, intellectual property, brand recognition and price. We believe the Company s strong capitalization resulting from the Altria Investment, along with the Spinach brand recognition and differentiation in the Canadian adult-use market, will enable us to provide better quality consumer products, grow our Canadian business and strengthen our market position in Canada. However, a rapidly evolving and stringent federal regulatory framework affects all areas of our business. See Regulatory Framework in Canada for further information on the regulatory framework applicable to our Canadian business. 
 We also face competition from illegal market participants that are unlicensed and unregulated. As these illegal market participants do not comply with the regulations governing the cannabis industry, their operations may also have significantly lower costs. Any inability of the Canadian federal or provincial law enforcement authorities to enforce existing laws prohibiting the unlicensed cultivation and sale of cannabis and cannabis-based products could result in the perpetuation of the illegal market for cannabis. 
 Competitive Conditions in Europe and Israel 
 We face competition when entering new markets. The principal factors on which we compete are product quality, innovation, intellectual property, brand recognition, price and physician familiarity. We believe we are positioned to enter certain markets in Europe in a meaningful way while continuing to operate and penetrate the markets we currently serve, such as in Israel, due to our strong capitalization resulting from the Altria Investment, extensive experience and expertise in the highly regulated cannabis industry in Canada, which can be leveraged when entering new markets or growing existing operations, and strong partnerships with local distributors. We believe these factors will enable us to develop greater market penetration, provide a greater variety of quality consumer products and enter into new markets and strengthen our existing market position in Europe and Israel. However, a patchwork of regulatory frameworks and federal regulations in these various regions also affects our ability to compete in emerging markets as evolving regulations and federal frameworks have the potential to affect all areas of our business. 
 Altria Strategic Investment 
 Altria Investment and Investor Rights Agreement 
 As of December 31, 2022, Altria beneficially owned 41 of our common shares and had the right to acquire additional common shares under its pre-emptive and top-up rights as discussed under Pre-Emptive Rights and Top-Up Rights below. 
 Warrant 
 Prior to December 16, 2022, Altria had the right to acquire up to an additional 84,243,223 of our common shares at a per share exercise price of C 19.00 (the Warrant . On December 16, 2022, Altria notified the Company that its wholly owned subsidiary, Altria Summit LLC, irrevocably relinquished the Warrant and all rights that it may have held in the Warrant or any common shares underlying the Warrant for no consideration. The voluntary irrevocable relinquishment of the Warrant does not affect any rights of Altria under the Investor Rights Agreement between the Company and Altria, dated March 8, 2019 (the Investor Rights Agreement ), and Altria continues to beneficially own 156,573,537 of our common shares. 
 Investor Rights Agreement 
 In connection with the Altria Investment, we entered into the Investor Rights Agreement with Altria pursuant to which Altria received certain governance rights that are summarized below. 
 Board Representation 
 The Investor Rights Agreement provides that, for so long as Altria and certain of its affiliates (the Altria Group continue to beneficially own at least 40 of our issued and outstanding common shares and the size of our board of directors (the Board is seven directors, we agree to nominate for election as directors to the Board four individuals designated by Altria (the Altria Nominees ). In addition, for so long as the Altria Group continues to beneficially own greater than 10 but less than 40 of our issued and outstanding common shares, Altria shall be entitled to nominate a number of Altria Nominees that represents its proportionate share of the number of directors comprising the Board (rounded up to the next whole number) based on the percentage of our issued and outstanding common shares beneficially owned by the Altria Group at the relevant time. At least one Altria Nominee must be independent as long as Atria has the right to designate at least three Altria Nominees and the Altria Group s beneficial ownership of our issued and outstanding common shares does not exceed 50 . 
 The Investor Rights Agreement also provides that, subject to certain exceptions, for so long as Altria is entitled to designate one or more Altria Nominees, we agree to appoint to each committee established by the Board such number of Altria Nominees that represents Altria s proportionate share of the number of directors comprising the applicable Board committee (rounded up to the next 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 whole number) based on the percentage of our issued and outstanding common shares beneficially owned by the Altria Group at the relevant time. 
 Approval Rights 
 The Investor Rights Agreement also grants Altria, until the Altria Group beneficially owns less than 10 of our issued and outstanding common shares, approval rights over certain transactions that may be undertaken by us. We have agreed that, among other things, we will not (and will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause our affiliates not to), without the prior written consent of Altria: 
 consolidate or merge into or with another person or enter into any similar business combination; 
 acquire any shares or similar equity interests, instruments convertible into or exchangeable for shares or similar equity interests, assets, business or operations with an aggregate value of more than C 100,000,000, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions; 
 sell, transfer, cause to be transferred, exclusively license, lease, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of our or any of our significant subsidiaries assets, business or operations in the aggregate with a value of more than C 60,000,000; 
 except as required by applicable law, make any changes to our policy with respect to the declaration and payment of any dividends on our common shares; 
 subject to certain exceptions, enter into any contract or other agreement, arrangement, or understanding with respect to, or consummate, any transaction or series of related transactions between us or any of our subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any related parties, on the other hand, involving consideration or any other transfer of value required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or 
 engage in the production, cultivation, advertisement, marketing, promotion, sale or distribution of cannabis or any Related Products and Services (as defined in the Investor Rights Agreement) in any jurisdiction, including the U.S., where such activity is prohibited by applicable law as of the date of the Investor Rights Agreement (subject to certain limitations). 
 Exclusivity Covenant 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, until the earlier of: 
 the six-month anniversary of the date on which the Altria Group beneficially owns less than 10 of our issued and outstanding common shares; and 
 the six-month anniversary of the termination of the Investor Rights Agreement, 
 Altria has agreed to make us its exclusive partner for pursuing cannabis opportunities throughout the world (subject to certain limited exceptions). 
 Pre-Emptive Rights and Top-Up Rights 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement and provided the Altria Group continues to beneficially own at least 20 of our issued and outstanding common shares, Altria has a right to purchase, directly or indirectly by another member of the Altria Group, upon the occurrence of certain issuances of common shares by us (including issuances of common shares to Ginkgo under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement (each, a Ginkgo Issuance )) (each, a Triggering Event and subject to obtaining the necessary approvals, up to such number of our common shares issuable in connection with the Triggering Event which will, when added to our common shares beneficially owned by the Altria Group immediately prior to the Triggering Event, result in the Altria Group beneficially owning the same percentage of our issued and outstanding common shares that the Altria Group beneficially owned immediately prior to the Triggering Event (in each case, calculated on a non-diluted basis). The price per common share to be paid by Altria pursuant to the exercise of these pre-emptive rights will be, subject to certain limited exceptions, the same price per common share at which the common shares are sold in the relevant Triggering Event; provided that if the consideration paid in connection with any such issuance is non-cash, the price per common share that would have been received had such common shares been issued for cash consideration will be determined by an independent committee (acting reasonably and in good faith); provided further that the price per common share to be paid by Altria pursuant to the exercise of its pre-emptive rights in connection with a Ginkgo Issuance will be C 16.25 per common share. 
 In addition to (and without duplication of) the aforementioned pre-emptive rights, the Investor Rights Agreement provides Altria with top-up rights, exercisable on a quarterly basis, whereby, subject to obtaining the necessary approvals and for so long as the Altria Group beneficially owns at least 20 of our issued and outstanding common shares, Altria has the right to subscribe for such number of common shares in connection with any Top-Up Securities (as defined below) that we may, from time to time, issue after the date of the Investor Rights Agreement, as will, when added to the common shares beneficially owned by the Altria Group prior to such issuance, result in the Altria Group beneficially owning the same percentage of our issued and outstanding common shares that the Altria Group beneficially owned immediately prior to such issuance. Top-Up Securities means any of our common shares issued: 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 on the exercise, conversion or exchange of our convertible securities issued prior to the date of the Investor Rights Agreement or on the exercise, conversion or exchange of our convertible securities issued after the date of the Investor Rights Agreement in compliance with the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, in each case, excluding any of our convertible securities owned by any member of the Altria Group; 
 pursuant to any share incentive plan of the Company; 
 on the exercise of any right granted by us pro rata to all shareholders to purchase additional common shares and/or other securities of the Company (other than a right issued in a rights offering in which Altria had the right to participate); 
 in connection with bona fide bank debt, equipment financing or non-equity interim financing transactions with our lenders, in each case, with an equity component; or 
 in connection with bona fide acquisitions (including acquisitions of assets or rights under a license or otherwise), mergers or similar business combination transactions or joint ventures undertaken and completed by us, 
 in each case, other than (A) common shares issued pursuant to Altria s pre-emptive right and (B) common shares issued pursuant to the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. 
 The price per common share to be paid by Altria pursuant to the exercise of its top-up rights will be, subject to certain limited exceptions, the volume-weighted average price of our common shares on the TSX for the 10 full trading days preceding such exercise by Altria; provided that the price per common share to be paid by Altria pursuant to the exercise of its top-up rights in connection with the issuance of common shares pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants that were outstanding on the date of closing of the Altria Investment will be C 16.25 per common share without any set off, counterclaim, deduction or withholding. 
 Standstill Covenant 
 The Altria Group is permitted to acquire our common shares in the open market upon the falling away of the standstill covenant under the Investor Rights Agreement. The Investor Rights Agreement specifies that the standstill covenant falls away on the expiry or termination of the Warrant. 
 Registration Rights 
 The Investor Rights Agreement provides Altria with the right, subject to certain limitations and to the extent permitted by applicable law, to require us to use reasonable commercial efforts to file a prospectus under applicable securities laws and/or a registration statement, qualifying our common shares held by Altria for distribution in Canada and/or the U.S. In addition, the Investor Rights Agreement provides Altria with the right to require us to include our common shares held by Altria in any proposed distribution of common shares in Canada and/or the U.S. by us for our own account. 
 Commercial Arrangements 
 In connection with the Altria Investment, we and Altria have entered into certain commercial arrangements (the Commercial Arrangements ), pursuant to which Altria provides us with consulting services on matters which may include R D, marketing, advertising and brand management, government relations and regulatory affairs, finance, tax planning, logistics and other corporate administrative matters. The services under the Commercial Arrangements are provided on customary terms and for a services fee payable by us that is equal to Altria s reasonably allocated costs plus 5 . 
 Protection of Intangible Assets 
 The ownership and protection of our intellectual property rights is a significant aspect of our future success. Currently, we rely on trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information. We seek to protect our intellectual property by strategically seeking and obtaining registered protection where appropriate, developing and implementing standard operating procedures to protect inventions, germplasm, trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information and entering into agreements with parties that have access to our inventions, germplasm, trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information, such as our partners, collaborators, employees and consultants, to protect confidentiality and ownership. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our inventions, germplasm, trade secrets, trademarks, technical know-how and proprietary information by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. 
 In addition, we have sought trademark protection in many jurisdictions, including Canada, Australia, the U.S., China, Israel and Europe. Our ability to obtain registered trademark protection for cannabis-related goods and services, in particular for cannabis itself, may be limited in certain countries outside of Canada. For example, in the U.S., registered federal trademark protection is only available for goods and services that can be lawfully used in interstate commerce; the PTO is not currently approving any trademark applications for U.S. Schedule I cannabis, or certain goods containing U.S. hemp-derived CBD (such as dietary supplements and food) until the FDA provides clearer guidance on the regulation of such products. In Europe, trademarks cannot be obtained for products that are contrary to public policy or accepted principles of morality. Accordingly, our ability to obtain intellectual property rights and enforce intellectual property rights against third party uses of similar trademarks may be limited in certain jurisdictions. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 Cronos is an innovative global cannabinoid company committed to building disruptive intellectual property by advancing cannabis research, technology and product development. With a passion to responsibly elevate the consumer experience, Cronos is building an iconic brand portfolio. Our employees are critical to achieving this mission. In order to compete and succeed in our highly competitive and rapidly evolving industry, it is crucial that we continue to attract, develop, motivate and retain skilled, talented and passionate employees. The Company s people strategy seeks to build a winning team and to foster a community where everyone feels included and empowered to do to their best work. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 447 full-time employees. Of our full-time employees, 269 were in Canada, 69 were in the U.S., and 109 were in Israel. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Compensation and Benefits . Our compensation program is designed to attract, motivate and reward talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for our shareholders. We believe we offer competitive compensation and benefits in each of our locations, including long-term equity awards to eligible employees under our 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan to reward and retain talented individuals and align employee and shareholder interests. 
 Safety, Health and Well-being . The safety, health and well-being of our employees are paramount to the Company. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of health and welfare programs, including benefits that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status. In response to COVID-19, we implemented extensive safety measures throughout the Company to protect our employees from COVID-19, including complying with social distancing and other health and safety standards as required by federal, provincial, state, local and municipal government agencies, taking into consideration guidelines of applicable public health authorities. These measures have included increased frequency of cleaning and sanitizing throughout the workplace, providing hand sanitizer and/or hand washing stations located throughout the workplace, mandatory mask wearing in all office and production areas, social distancing protocols at our production facilities, and travel restrictions. 
 Currently, we continue to follow safety standards as recommended by applicable public health authorities, which may include isolation after symptoms and optional mask wearing. 
 Employee Engagement, Development and Training . We are committed to developing our talent and building an agile and resilient organization with a workforce with the skillset to effectively adapt to changing business needs in order to best position the Company for success. We seek to foster a culture of employee learning, innovation and a drive to succeed through a talent development strategy that adapts to changing business needs. Management is an active enabler of our people strategy as we seek to recruit, retain and engage top talent that will maximize our business performance. Employees are enabled to succeed through our communicated behaviors, development training opportunities, our performance management program and pay for performance philosophy, and using their voice in our employee engagement survey. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and Ethical Business Practices . We believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment mitigates the risk of groupthink, ensures that the Company has the opportunity to benefit from all available talent and enhances, among other things, our organizational strength, problem-solving ability and opportunity for innovation. We continue to focus on understanding our diversity and inclusion strengths and opportunities and executing on a strategy to support further progress. We are committed to hiring, developing, and promoting employees with diverse backgrounds. We are actively reviewing diversity across our Company to drive greater progress. We welcome, embrace, and celebrate all our employees. We seek to ensure this inclusivity is achieved through regular training and support for our employees. We maintain a whistleblower policy and anonymous hotline for the confidential reporting of any suspected policy violations and provide training and education to our global workforce with respect to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and related policies. 
 Regulatory Framework in the U.S. 
 U.S. Hemp Regulatory Framework 
 We derive a portion of our revenues from the manufacture, marketing and distribution of U.S. hemp-derived supplement and cosmetic consumer products through e-commerce, retail and hospitality channels in certain states in the U.S. All U.S. hemp-derived products produced and sold by us constitute hemp (i) under the 2018 Farm Bill and (ii) the applicable state-law equivalent in all states in which we produce and sell such U.S. hemp-derived products. The 2018 Farm Bill was enacted in the U.S. on December 20, 2018. Prior to this enactment, cannabis was scheduled as a controlled substance (marijuana) under the CSA with limited exemptions based on the portion of the cannabis plant. The 2018 Farm Bill, among other things, removed U.S. hemp (which is defined in the 2018 Farm Bill as the plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of that plant, including the seeds thereof and all derivatives, extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers, whether growing or not, with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis and its derivatives, extracts and cannabinoids, including CBD, derived from hemp, from the definition of marijuana in the CSA, thereby removing U.S. hemp and its derivatives as controlled substances. The 2018 Farm Bill also amended the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to allow for production and sale of U.S. hemp and its derivatives in the U.S. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 The 2018 Farm Bill tasked the USDA with promulgating regulations in relation to the cultivation and production of U.S. hemp. The 2018 Farm Bill also directed the USDA to promulgate federal regulations that would apply to the production of U.S. hemp in every state that does not put forth a state U.S. hemp plan for approval by the USDA. 
 The USDA s final rule establishes a federal licensing plan for regulating U.S. hemp producers in states that do not have their own USDA-approved plans. In the absence of a state plan, U.S. hemp producers will be subject to regulation directly by the USDA unless the state prohibits U.S. hemp production. Additionally, the final rule includes requirements for maintaining information on the land where U.S. hemp is produced, testing U.S. hemp for THC levels, disposing of plants with more than 0.3 percent THC on a dry-weight basis and licensing for U.S. hemp producers. The USDA s final rule requires hemp producers to use a laboratory that is registered with the DEA, although the USDA is delaying enforcement of this requirement until December 31, 2022. The final rule also includes provisions for producers to dispose or remediate violative hemp plants without the use of a DEA-registered reverse distributor or law enforcement. 
 States may adopt regulatory schemes that impose more stringent levels of regulation and costs on the production of U.S. hemp. Moreover, the 2018 Farm Bill provides that its provisions do not pre-empt or limit state laws that regulate the production of U.S. hemp. Accordingly, some states may choose to restrict or prohibit some or all U.S. hemp production or sales within the state. Variances in states laws and regulations on U.S. hemp are likely to persist. 
 Further, each state has discretion to develop and implement its own laws and regulations governing the manufacturing, composition, marketing, labeling and sale of U.S. hemp products, which has created a patchwork of different regulatory schemes applicable to such products. 
 Under the 2018 Farm Bill, the FDA has retained authority over the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act-regulated products (e.g., drugs, food, dietary supplements and cosmetics) containing U.S. hemp and U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids. Moreover, states have retained regulatory authority through their own analogues to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FFDCA ), and the states may diverge from the federal treatment of the use of U.S. hemp as, or in, food, dietary supplements or cosmetic products. 
 The FDA has consistently taken the position that CBD, whether derived from U.S. hemp or U.S. Schedule I cannabis, is prohibited from use as an ingredient in food and dietary supplements. This stems from its interpretation of the exclusionary clauses in the FFDCA because CBD has been approved as a prescription drug and is the subject of substantial clinical investigations as a drug, which have been made public. The exclusionary clauses under the FFDCA provide that a substance that has been approved or has been subject to substantial clinical investigations as a drug may not be used in a food or dietary supplement, unless the substance was first marketed in a food or dietary supplement prior to the initiation of substantial clinical investigations of the substance as a drug. The exclusionary clause does not apply to cosmetics. Cosmetics containing CBD could be viewed as drug products by the FDA if disease claims are made, or if the FDA determines the use of CBD in the product has a structure or function effect on the body (i.e., a drug effect). 
 To date, the FDA has not issued regulations that elaborate on the exclusionary clauses and the FDA has not taken any enforcement action in the courts asserting a violation of the exclusionary clauses. To date, the FDA has issued a number of warning letters to companies unlawfully marketing CBD products. In many of these cases, the manufacturers made unsubstantiated claims about the product being able to treat medical conditions (e.g., cancer, Alzheimer s disease, opioid withdrawal, anxiety and COVID-19) and had not obtained drug approvals. Others were issued to companies marketing CBD products as dietary supplements despite those products which contain CBD not meeting the definition of a dietary supplement, adding CBD to human and animal foods and marketing CBD products for infants and children and other vulnerable populations, selling CBD products that people may confuse for traditional foods or beverages and that may result in unintentional consumption or overconsumption of CBD, and selling unapproved animal drugs containing CBD that are intended for use in food-producing animals. Some of these letters were co-signed with the FTC and cited the companies for making claims about the efficacy of CBD and other ingredients which were not substantiated by competent and reliable scientific evidence. In December 2020, the FTC announced it had entered into settlement agreements with six companies marketing CBD products including oils, gummies, creams, and others with deceptive health claims about serious health conditions. The settlements included monetary penalties ranging from 20,000 to 85,000. The FTC announced another such enforcement action and settlement in May 2021, ordering consumer redress of over 30,000. The FDA has also issued warning letters to dietary supplement manufacturers objecting to CBD supplements on the basis that CBD was not a permissible dietary supplement ingredient. 
 The FDA periodically updates its Consumer Update on CBD. Through these Consumer Updates, the FDA has noted that it has approved only one CBD product, a prescription drug product to treat three rare, severe forms of epilepsy. The FDA has also stated that it is illegal to market CBD by adding it to a food or labeling it as a dietary supplement, that the FDA has seen only limited data about CBD safety and these data point to real risks that need to be considered before taking CBD for any reason and that some CBD products are being marketed with unproven medical claims and are of unknown quality. 
 The FDA has stated that it recognizes the potential opportunities and significant interest in drug and other consumer products containing CBD, is committed to evaluating the agency s regulatory policies related to CBD and has established a dedicated internal working group, the Cannabis Product Committee, to explore potential pathways for various types of CBD products to be lawfully marketed. The FDA held a public hearing in May 2019 to obtain scientific data and information about the safety, manufacturing, product quality, marketing, labeling and sale of products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds. The rules and 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 regulations and enforcement in this area continue to evolve and develop. In July 2020, the FDA sent to the White House Office of Management and Budget (the OMB for review a draft guidance, Cannabidiol Enforcement Policy, the details of which were not made public. This guidance remained under review at the OMB until January 2021, when it was withdrawn by the FDA as a part of the regulatory moratorium Executive Order issued by President Biden. On January 26, 2023, the FDA stated its views publicly that a new regulatory pathway for CBD is needed and it is prepared to work with Congress to create such a pathway. The timeline for further CBD policy development remains uncertain while the administration and the FDA face competing regulatory priorities. 
 Furthermore, with respect to Company s development of CBG and other cannabinoids and additional cannabinoid product lines, the FDA has provided no guidance as to how cannabinoids other than CBD (such as CBG) are to be regulated under the FFDCA, and it is unclear at this time how such potential regulation could affect the results of the operations or prospects of the Company or this product line. 
 For more information regarding certain risks facing our business in connection with the U.S. hemp regulatory framework in the U.S., see the section below entitled Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Regulation and Compliance - Risks Related to U.S. Regulations and Compliance. 
 U.S. Cosmetics Regulation 
 On December 29, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Modernization of Cosmetics Regulation Act of 2022, which significantly expands the FDA s enforcement authorities over cosmetics products and imposes new obligations on the cosmetics industry, including requirements relating to GMP, labeling, safety substantiation, facility registration and product listing with the FDA, adverse event reporting, recordkeeping, among others. Under the new legislation, the FDA is required over the next several years to issue additional regulations and reports to clarify requirements. Most enforcement of requirements under the new legislation will not go into effect until a year or later from the date of enactment; however, we expect that regulation of our cosmetic products in the U.S. will become increasingly complex, and compliance with regulatory requirements may take significant additional resources. 
 Regulatory Framework in Canada 
 Licenses and Regulatory Framework 
 On October 17, 2018, the Cannabis Act and the Cannabis Regulations (the Cannabis Regulations came into force. The Cannabis Regulations establish six classes of licenses: 
 cultivation; 
 processing; 
 sale for medical purposes; 
 analytical testing; 
 research; and 
 cannabis drug. 
 The Cannabis Regulations also create subclasses for cultivation licenses (standard cultivation, micro-cultivation and nursery) and processing licenses (standard processing and micro-processing). Different licenses and each sub-class therein carry differing rules and requirements that are intended to be proportional to the public health and safety risks posed by each category and sub-class. 
 Federal Regime 
 The Cannabis Act provides a licensing and permitting scheme for, among other things, the cultivation, processing, testing, packaging, labeling, distribution, sale, possession and disposal of adult-use cannabis, implemented by regulations promulgated under the Cannabis Act. The Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations include, among other things, strict specifications for the plain packaging and labeling and analytical testing of all cannabis products as well as stringent physical and personnel security requirements for all federally licensed cultivation, processing and sales sites. 
 On October 17, 2019, the Regulations Amending the Cannabis Regulations (New Classes of Cannabis) (the Further Regulations came into effect. The Further Regulations amend the Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations to, among other things, permit the production and sale of cannabis extracts (including concentrates), cannabis topicals and cannabis edibles, in addition to dried cannabis, cannabis oil, fresh cannabis, cannabis plants and cannabis seeds for parties holding the appropriate licenses. The Cannabis Regulations set out certain requirements for the sale of cannabis products, including limiting the THC content and serving size of certain product forms. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Health Canada allows license holders to export cannabis products with appropriate export permits. Export permits issued by Health Canada are specific to each shipment and may only be obtained for medical or scientific purposes. To apply for a permit to export cannabis, a license holder must submit significant information to Health Canada including information about the substance to be exported (including description, intended use, quantity) and the importer. As part of the application, applicants are also generally required to provide a copy of the import permit issued by a competent authority in the jurisdiction of final destination and to make a declaration to Health Canada that the shipment does not contravene the laws of the jurisdiction of the final destination or any country of transit or transshipment. 
 The Cannabis Act requires the federal government to conduct a review of the Cannabis Act after three years, which commenced in September 2022 . The scope of this statutory review includes, among other things, consideration of (i) the administration and operation of the Cannabis Act, (ii) the impact of the Cannabis Act on public health, (iii) the health and consumption habits of young persons, (iv) the impact of cannabis on indigenous persons and communities and (v) the impact of the cultivation of cannabis plants in a dwelling-house. The report resulting from the statutory review may recommend and/or lead to the amendment, removal or addition of provisions in or to the Cannabis Act which could adversely affect our business . 
 In addition to the current medical and adult-use regimes under the Cannabis Act, Health Canada has also been considering the implementation of a cannabis health product regime for products with potential therapeutic uses that would not require practitioner oversight. Between June and September 2019, Health Canada held a public consultation titled Potential Market for Cannabis Health Products (CHPs) that would not Require Practitioner Oversight . The consultation sought feedback from Canadians on the kinds of cannabis health products they would be interested in if such products were made available in Canada. A summary report of the consultation results was published by Health Canada in September 2020. Given the results of the consultation, Health Canada has indicated that it intends to obtain external scientific advice on the appropriate evidence standards required to demonstrate safety, efficacy and quality in cannabis health products, with the information it gathers informing the next steps on a potential implementation of a cannabis health product regime. 
 In June 2021, Health Canada opened a consultation into the use of flavors in inhaled cannabis extracts as it claims that the availability of flavors is one of the factors that contributes to the increase in cannabis vaping in youth and young adults. As part of this consultation, Health Canada released proposed regulations that contemplate restricting the production, sale, promotion, packaging and labelling of inhaled cannabis extracts from having a flavor, other than the flavor of cannabis. The proposed amendments would apply equally to inhaled cannabis extracts sold for medical and non-medical purposes. The proposed amendments were pre-published in June 2021 and the consultation period closed in September 2021. No expected in-force date has been publicly announced. 
 Provincial and Territorial Developments 
 While the Cannabis Act provides for the regulation by the Canadian federal government of, among other things, the commercial production of cannabis and the sale of medical cannabis, the various provinces and territories of Canada regulate certain aspects of adult-use cannabis, including but not limited to distribution, sale, minimum age requirements and places where cannabis can be consumed. 
 The governments of each Canadian province and territory have implemented regulatory regimes for the distribution and sale of cannabis for adult-use purposes which continue to evolve over time. Most provinces and territories have announced a minimum age for possession and consumption of 19 years old, except for Qu bec and Alberta, where the minimum age is 21 and 18, respectively. In addition, provinces and territories may impose additional licensing requirements and restrictions on sales, distribution and promotion which are more stringent than those at the federal level. For example, the SQDC, the exclusive distributor of cannabis in the province and the sole retail and online vendor in Qu bec, does not permit cannabis vaporizers or other high THC non-edible cannabis products to be sold through its channels. The SQDC has also placed significant restrictions on the types of edibles that may be sold through its channels, prohibiting edibles that are sweet, confectionary, dessert, chocolate or any other product attractive to persons under 21 years of age. Similarly, the Prince Edward Island Cannabis Management Corporation does not allow cannabis vaporizers to be sold through its channels. 
 Licenses and Regulatory Framework in Israel 
 In Israel, cannabis is subject to the Israeli Dangerous Drugs Ordinance [New Version], 5733 1973, and its sale and use are prohibited unless applicable licenses have been obtained. Licenses to cultivate, produce, possess and use cannabis for medical or research purposes in Israel are granted by the Israel Medical Cannabis Agency within the Israeli Ministry of Health (the Yakar and the Israeli MOH , respectively). Patients also must obtain licenses either directly from physicians who have been authorized to grant patient licenses or from the Yakar following a request from the patient s physician in order to purchase and consume medical cannabis. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 In January 2019, the Israeli government approved, in principle, the export from Israel of medical cannabis products that meet applicable quality standards under the strict supervision of the Israeli authorities. Only products that can be directly marketed to patients (including smoking products, oils, and vaporizer products) may be exported, and only to those countries that have signed the United Nations Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs and that have explicitly approved the import of cannabis. The export of plant substances, including seeds and tissue cultures, is not permitted. In October 2020, the Israeli MOH initiated a pilot program in which certain medical cannabis companies were permitted to export their products, and the Yakar issued guidelines relating to the export of medical cannabis products. These guidelines set forth the process and conditions for obtaining an export license, which can only be issued to an applicant already holding a valid Yakar license. 
 In December 2021, the Director General of the Israeli MOH announced the appointment of a committee (the CBD Committee intended to examine the possibility of excluding CBD from being considered a dangerous drug under the Israeli Dangerous Drugs Ordinance (the Ordinance ). In February 2022, the CBD Committee published its recommendations. The CBD Committee concluded that it would be advisable to exclude CBD from the Ordinance and to allow CBD use, other than in food and cosmetics products, provided that the aggregate concentration of THC does not exceed 0.2 . The CBD Committee further recommended that during the next two years, CBD components not be approved as a component in food, food supplements, and cosmetics and that this issue be re-examined by a committee designated by the Israeli MOH. In March 2022, the Israeli MOH adopted the conclusions of the CBD Committee and published a draft order for public comments which excludes CBD from the Ordinance while setting the threshold of aggregate concentration of THC (or any structural derivative of THC) in any product, to 0.3 . Cosmetics and food products be handled by specific regulations in such fields. As of January 2023, no final order was issued, and CBD has yet to be excluded from the Ordinance. 
 On January 31, 2022, the Economic Affairs Committee of the Israeli Parliament held a discussion regarding the adverse effect on the local cannabis industry of significant import of medical cannabis. The discussion was concluded with a request to the Israeli MOH to study the matter and consider banning medical cannabis import until a balance is reached in the market between the import and export of medical cannabis. The Israeli MOH has not yet publicly issued a study on the matter. 
 In July 2022, a committee appointed by the Director General of the Israeli MOH concluded that it would be advisable to reform the medical cannabis regulatory framework by transitioning from the grant of personal patient licenses to the issuance of prescriptions available through public healthcare services. In August 2022, the new regulations adopting this reform (the Reform Regulations were presented for public comments. The Reform Regulations propose to amend the Ordinance to allow medical cannabis to be prescribed by trained and certified physicians and to be held and distributed by pharmacies. The Reform Regulations will enter into effect 180 days following the adoption by the Israeli Parliament of the HMOs collection plan. As of January 2023, the Reform Regulations have not yet been adopted and are not yet in effect. 
 In June 2022, 11 cannabis manufacturers (including Cronos Israel G.S Manufacturing Ltd.) (the Petitioners filed an administrative petition to the District Court in Jerusalem regarding the Yakar s decision to issue a constructive license (i.e., a license for dealing with medical cannabis, without a direct contact with the drug, such as brokering medical cannabis transactions) (the Constructive License ). The Petitioners claim that the procedure and requirements for other licenses (e.g., for cultivation or production), granted by the Yakar, are unreasonably more stringent than those of the Constructive License. On January 5, 2023, the District Court in Jerusalem ordered the Israeli MOH to stop the issuance of Constructive Licenses, for 60 days, and to formulate a clear policy regarding the issuance of such Constructive Licenses. On February 12, 2023, the director general of the Yakar published a decision regarding the Constructive Licenses, in response to the District Court s order. The decision clarifies the Yakar s authority to grant Constructive Licenses for the import/export of medical cannabis. 
 Cronos Israel Licenses 
 Cronos Israel maintains the following certificates and corresponding permits: (1) full Good Agricultural Practices GAP certification, including a permit to propagate and cultivate at the full capacity of the greenhouse; and (2) GMP and Good Distribution Practices GDP certificates and permits to produce and distribute dried flower, cannabis oils and pre-rolls. 
 Licenses and Regulatory Framework in Other Jurisdictions 
 We and our joint venture partners and strategic investments are subject to comprehensive and evolving regulations in each jurisdiction we and they operate. All aspects of the production, manufacture and distribution of cannabis products are regulated and subject to licensing regimes. These regulations and licensing regimes vary by jurisdiction and we, our joint venture partners and strategic investments spend significant time, effort and money to comply with the applicable requirements. 
 Available Information 
 We are subject to the informational requirements of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and, in accordance with the Exchange Act, we also file reports with and furnish other information to the SEC. The public may obtain any document that we file with or furnish to the SEC from the SEC s Electronic Document Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system, which can be accessed at www.sec.gov , or via the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval, which can be accessed at www.sedar.com , as well as from commercial document retrieval services. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Copies of this Annual Report may be obtained on request without charge from our Corporate Secretary, corporate.secretary@thecronosgroup.com, telephone: +1-416-504-0004. We also provide access without charge to all of our SEC filings, including copies of this Annual Report, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 or 5, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing, on our website located at https://thecronosgroup.com. In addition, our website includes, among other things, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is also available in print to any shareholder upon request without charge from our Corporate Secretary, corporate.secretary@thecronosgroup.com, telephone: +1-416-504-0004. Within the time period required by the SEC, we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waiver applicable to any executive officer, director or senior financial officer. 
 From time to time, we use our website, as well as the following social media sites, as an additional means of disclosing public information to investors, the media and others interested in the Company. 
 Facebook https://www.facebook.com/The-Cronos-Group-419168411987225 ); 
 Twitter https://twitter.com/cronosgroup ); and 
 LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/cronosgroupcron/ ). 
 It is possible that certain information we post on our website or these social media sites could be deemed to be material information, and we encourage investors, the media and others interested in the Company to review the business and financial information we or our officers post on our website or these social media sites. None of the information on our website or disclosed through these social media sites is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in us involves a number of risks. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report and in other filings we make, investors should give careful consideration to the following risk factors. Any of the matters highlighted in these risk factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, causing an investor to lose all, or part of, its, his or her investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are those we currently believe to be material, but they are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that we have not yet identified or that we currently consider not to be material, actually occur or become material risks, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and consequently the price of our securities could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Certain of our subsidiaries and joint ventures have limited operating histories and our growth strategy may not be successful. 
 We may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability and may continue to incur losses in the future. 
 Our products are new; there is limited long-term data with respect to the effects and the safety of our products, which is subject to conflicting medical data; and our products have been and may be in the future subject to recalls. 
 The production and distribution of our products is subject to disruption, the risks of an agricultural business and the risk third party suppliers and distributors may not perform their obligations to us. 
 Intellectual property is key to our growth strategy, and we may be unable to obtain or enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 Our entry into new markets is subject to risks normally associated with the conduct of business in foreign countries. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation and licensing and may not successfully comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 
 Our businesses face highly competitive conditions. 
 Altria has significant influence over us. 
 The price of our common shares has been and may continue to be highly volatile. 
 We have had two restatements and seven material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting over the last four years, and one material weakness remains unremediated at December 31, 2022. 
 We are subject to other risks generally applicable to our industry and the conduct of our businesses. 
 Risks Relating to Our Growth Strategy. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries have limited operating histories and therefore we are subject to many of the risks common to early-stage enterprises. 
 We began carrying on business in 2013; Peace Naturals began operations in 2012 and generated its first revenues in 2013; Redwood began operations in 2017. In addition, many of our joint ventures are in the early stages of their operations and have generated little or no revenue. We are therefore subject to many of the risks common to early-stage enterprises, including limitations with respect to personnel, financial, and other resources and lack of revenues. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability and may continue to incur losses in the future. 
 We have incurred significant losses in recent periods. We had negative operating cash flow for the last five fiscal years. We may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability and may continue to incur significant losses in the future even in light of our Realignment and the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus and the exit of the wholesale beauty category in the U.S. In addition, we expect to continue to incur significant operating expenses as we implement initiatives to continue to grow our business. If our revenues do not increase to offset these expected costs and operating expenses, we will not be profitable. If our revenue declines or fails to grow at a rate faster than our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability in future periods. As a result, we may continue to generate losses. We may not achieve profitability in the future and, even if we do become profitable, we might not be able to sustain that profitability. 
 We may not be able to successfully manage our growth. 
 We are currently in an early development stage and may be subject to growth-related risks, including capacity constraints and pressure on our internal systems and controls, which may place significant strain on our operational and managerial resources. While our revenue has generally grown in recent years, our ability to manage and sustain revenue growth will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, changes in laws and regulations respecting the production of U.S. hemp and cannabis products, competition from other license holders, the size of the illegal market and the adult-use market in Canada, and our ability to produce sufficient volumes of our products to meet customer demand. Our ability to manage growth effectively will require us to continue to implement and improve our operational and financial systems and to expand, train and manage our employee base. There can be no assurances that we will be able to manage growth successfully. Any inability to manage growth successfully could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our use of joint ventures may expose us to risks associated with jointly owned investments. 
 We currently operate parts of our business through joint ventures with other companies, and we may enter into additional joint ventures and strategic alliances in the future. Joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present for investments made solely by us, including: (i) we may not control the joint ventures, either by virtue of our economic or legal ownership share, or our ability to influence day-to-day operational decision-making; (ii) our joint venture partners may not agree to distributions that we believe are appropriate; (iii) where we do not have substantial decision-making authority, we may experience impasses or disputes with our joint venture partners on certain decisions, which could require us to expend additional resources to resolve such impasses or disputes, including litigation or arbitration; (iv) our joint venture partners may become insolvent or bankrupt, fail to fund their share of required capital contributions or fail to fulfill their obligations as a joint venture partner; (v) the arrangements governing our joint ventures may contain certain conditions or milestone events that may never be satisfied or achieved; (vi) our joint venture partners may have business or economic interests that are inconsistent with ours and may take actions contrary to our interests; (vii) we may suffer losses as a result of actions taken by our joint venture partners with respect to our joint venture investments; (viii) it may be difficult for us to exit a joint venture if an impasse arises or if we desire to sell our interest for any reason; (ix) our joint venture partners may exercise termination rights under the relevant agreements and (x) conflicts of interest may arise between our joint ventures and Company personnel who are directors of our joint ventures because of the fact that such directors are employed by us. In addition, we may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of our joint ventures or joint venture partners. Any of the foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the magnitude of these material adverse effects could be greater to the extent we decide to rely on such joint ventures for certain goods or services, such as the receipt of raw materials from Cronos GrowCo, or decide to outsource certain operating activities to such joint ventures. 
 There can be no assurance of continued growth in Israel and our performance in Israel depends on, among other things, our ability to continue to import cannabis into Israel and our joint venture partners. 
 While our revenue in Israel has experienced a recent period of significant growth, our prior performance is not indicative of any potential future results in Israel. There can be no assurance that our recent growth in the Israeli market can be sustained or will continue. Our ability to manage and sustain revenue growth in Israel will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, our ability to continue to import cannabis into Israel, changes in laws and regulations respecting the cultivation, production and marketing of dried flower, pre-rolls and oils in Israel, increased competition, our ability to produce sufficient volumes of our products to meet customer demand and our ability to maintain or grow our market share in Israel. Any of these factors could materially and negatively impact our growth in Israel. 
 In connection with the Realignment, we have begun to further leverage our strategic joint venture with Cronos GrowCo. Our current efforts to wind-down the cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus have increased the importance of Cronos GrowCo to our business and operations. Once the cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus have ceased, Cronos GrowCo s production facilities will be our principal source of raw materials. Therefore, our performance in Israel is reliant on our ability to acquire such raw materials on a timely and cost-effective basis from Cronos GrowCo and to continue to import such raw materials and cannabis products to Israel from Cronos GrowCo s production facilities. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully execute our strategy to expand production at Cronos GrowCo or that we will be able to obtain the regulatory approvals, licenses and permits required for both the export of cannabis from Canada and the import of cannabis into Israel. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Our acquisition strategy may not be successful, and we have in the past, and may in the future, need to write down the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets recognized upon the acquisitions. 
 In the second quarter of 2021, we wrote off all of the goodwill and substantially all of the indefinite-lived intangible assets recognized upon the acquisition of Redwood. Acquisitions of companies, or equity interests of companies operating in new markets, such as the U.S. hemp market in the U.S., are risky and speculative and may not produce the anticipated revenues and profits. 
 Our acquisition of the PharmaCann Option (the PharmaCann Investment presents significant risks. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Growth Strategy Our U.S. strategy in part depends on the success of the PharmaCann Investment and there is no guarantee that we will exercise the PharmaCann Option in the near term, or at all, and, even if exercised, that the PharmaCann Investment will achieve the expected benefits of the transaction . 
 We have had two restatements and seven material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting over the last four years, and one material weakness remains unremediated at December 31, 2022. We had a material weakness in our control environment, and in 2021 and 2022, we experienced significant turnover, both voluntary and involuntary, in our accounting and financial reporting functions. If we are unable to remediate our existing material weakness and create an appropriate control environment, our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation will be adversely affected. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) and for evaluating and reporting on the effectiveness of our system of internal control. Effective internal control is necessary for us to provide timely, reliable and accurate financial reports, identify and proactively correct any deficiencies, material weaknesses or fraud and meet our reporting obligations. We had two restatements and seven material weaknesses in the last four years, have one material weakness existing as of December 31, 2022, and have had significant turnover, both voluntary and involuntary, in our accounting and financial reporting functions. Moreover, we had a material weakness in our control environment. Remediation efforts have placed, and will continue to place, a significant burden on management and add increased pressure on our financial reporting resources and processes. The accuracy of our financial reporting and our ability to timely file with the SEC and the applicable securities regulatory authorities in Canada have in the past been, and may in the future be, adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully remediate material weaknesses in a timely manner, or if any additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are identified. In addition, if our remedial efforts are insufficient, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control occur in the future, we could be required to restate our financial statements again, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require us to expend significant resources to correct the material weaknesses or deficiencies, subject us to regulatory investigations and penalties, harm our reputation, cause a decline in investor confidence or otherwise cause a decline in our stock price. 
 We are subject to civil litigation relating to the restatements and we cannot predict the outcome of this litigation, but we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs and expenses in defending against this civil litigation. For more information on this civil litigation and proceedings, see Part 1, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, of this Annual Report. 
 
 We are subject to disabilities as a result of our settlement with the SEC that may expose us to increased future litigation and adversely affect our ability to raise capital. 
 As of the date of our settlement with the SEC (the SEC Order ), October 24, 2022, and for a period of three years thereafter, we are unable to rely on the safe harbor provisions regarding forward-looking statements provided by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Our inability to rely on these safe harbor provisions may expose us to increased future litigation in connection with forward-looking statements in our public disclosures. 
 Further, as of the date of the SEC Order, we have lost our status as a well-known seasoned issuer for a period of three years, which places limitations on the manner in which we can market our securities to the public, and we are unable to rely on the private offering exemptions provided by Regulations A and D under the Securities Act for a period of five years, which could impair our ability to raise additional capital in the private market quickly in response to changing requirements and market conditions. 
 There can be no assurance that our current and future strategic alliances or expansions of scope of existing relationships will have a beneficial impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We currently have, and may in the future enter into additional, strategic alliances with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing business. Our ability to complete strategic alliances is dependent upon, and may be limited by, the availability of suitable candidates and capital. In addition, strategic alliances could present unforeseen integration obstacles or costs, may not enhance our business and may involve risks that could adversely affect us, including significant amounts of management time that may be diverted from operations in order to pursue and complete such transactions or maintain such strategic alliances. Future strategic alliances could result in the incurrence of debt, costs and contingent liabilities, and there can be no assurance that future strategic alliances will achieve, or that our existing strategic alliances will continue to achieve, the expected benefits to our business or that we will be able to consummate future strategic alliances on satisfactory terms, or at all. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 In the case of the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership, we have and will continue to obtain, pursuant to the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, the exclusive right to use and commercialize the key patented intellectual property related to the production of the target cannabinoids globally (referred to herein as the Ginkgo exclusive licenses ). There can be no assurance that Ginkgo will be able to develop microorganisms that we will be able to commercialize or to obtain patents relating to production of the target cannabinoids, or that third parties will not develop similar microorganisms or obtain patents that may restrict our ability to commercialize the microorganisms developed by Ginkgo, and, as a result, there can be no assurance that we will be able to realize the expected benefits of the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership. Additionally, we have determined, and may determine in the future, that the production of certain cannabinoids is not economically feasible and in our best interests and we have abandoned, and may abandon in the future, the production efforts of Ginkgo with respect to certain target cannabinoids. Even if we are able to commercialize cultured cannabinoids, we may not be able to generate satisfactory returns on them or on the products that incorporate them, and there may not be demand for such cultured cannabinoid products. 
 In addition, pursuant to the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, if we undergo a change of control that is approved by the Board, Ginkgo may elect to receive cash payments, which, given the number of Equity Milestone Events (as defined in the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement) that have occurred to date, could total up to 17 million, in lieu of the common shares that would otherwise become issuable in connection with any Equity Milestone Events achieved following such election (the Milestone Cash Election ). If we undergo a change in control that has not been approved by the Board, then Ginkgo will have the ability to terminate the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement immediately, in which case, among other things: (i) all rights or licenses granted to us by Ginkgo under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement will terminate; (ii) certain expenses and costs incurred by Ginkgo will be accelerated and become due and payable by us; (iii) the then-outstanding and unpaid portion of all cash payments from us to Ginkgo for the achievement of R D milestones by Ginkgo shall be due immediately as if all R D milestones had been achieved; and (iv) a lump sum cash payment equal to the aggregate of all Milestone Cash Election amounts in respect of which the relevant Equity Milestone Events have not yet been achieved will be immediately due and payable by us. In addition, should Ginkgo terminate the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement upon a change of control, we will no longer be able to use or commercialize the key patented intellectual property related to the production of the target cannabinoids, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Description of Business - Research and Development Activities and Intellectual Property. 
 As additional equity milestones occur under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, we are required by accounting rules to conduct an impairment analysis related to the new Ginkgo exclusive licenses. These analyses have resulted in impairment charges in the past and may do so in the future as additional equity milestones are achieved. For a discussion of our most recent impairments of the Ginkgo exclusive licenses, see Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net to the consolidated financial statements in the Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 We may not successfully execute our production capacity strategy. 
 We may not be successful in executing our strategy to expand production capacity at certain of our facilities and joint ventures and wind-down of cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus. Continuing and expanding operations at our facilities and joint ventures will be subject to obtaining and maintaining the appropriate licenses from the relevant regulatory agencies in those jurisdictions. In particular, continuing and expanding operations at Cronos GrowCo s production facilities will be subject to obtaining and maintaining the appropriate licenses from Health Canada. Construction delays or cost over-runs in respect of such operations, howsoever caused, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, with the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus, the continued operations of the Cronos GrowCo production facilities will be more important to us. Once cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus have ceased, these production facilities will be our principal source of raw materials. 
 In addition, we may not be successful in obtaining the necessary approvals required to export or import our products to or from the jurisdictions in which we or our joint ventures operate. If we are unable to secure necessary production licenses in respect of our facilities and those of our joint ventures, the expectations of management with respect to the increased future cultivation and growing capacity may not be borne out, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There can be no assurance that the Realignment and the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus will have a beneficial impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The timing, costs and benefits of the Realignment and the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus cannot be guaranteed. 
 In the first quarter of 2022, we announced our Realignment to centralize functions under common leadership to increase efficient distribution of resources, improve strategic alignment and eliminate duplication of roles and costs; evaluate our global supply chain and perform product reviews and pricing and distribution optimization in order to reduce fixed expenses and reduce complexity; and implement an operating expense target to optimize cash deployment for activities such as margin accretive innovation and U.S. adult-use cannabis market entry in the future. Additionally, we announced a plan to leverage our strategic partnerships to improve supply chain efficiencies and reduce manufacturing overhead by partially exiting the Peace Naturals Campus. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 In the first quarter of 2023, we announced a shift in our strategic plans for the Realignment. Our intent is to retain select components of our operations at the Peace Naturals Campus, namely distribution and warehousing, certain R D activities and manufacturing of certain of our proprietary innovation products. 
 There can be no assurance that these initiatives will achieve the expected benefits to our business or reduce costs or grow our revenue as intended and, if achieved at all, the timing thereof. The execution and implementation of these initiatives involve risk, including that significant amounts of management s time and Company resources could be diverted from our core operations in order to complete such initiatives. In addition, these initiatives could present unforeseen obstacles, lead to operating inefficiencies and negatively disrupt our corporate culture, which could lead to further employee attrition, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have and will continue to incur costs to implement these initiatives, and we could be subject to litigation risks and expenses. Our projected costs and expenses to change the nature of our operations at the Peace Naturals Campus may turn out to be too low by a material amount. 
 The industries and markets in which we operate are relatively new, and these industries and markets may not continue to exist or grow as anticipated or we may ultimately be unable to succeed in these industries and markets. 
 The cannabis and U.S. hemp industries and markets in which we operate are relatively new, can be highly speculative, are rapidly expanding and may ultimately not be successful. In addition to being subject to general business risks, we need to continue to build brand awareness in these industries and markets through significant investments in our strategy, our production capacity, quality assurance and compliance with regulations. These activities may not promote our brand and products as effectively as intended, or at all. Competitive conditions and consumer tastes, as applicable, and spending patterns in these new industries and markets are relatively unknown and may have unique circumstances that differ from existing industries and markets. We are subject to all of the business risks associated with a new business in a niche market, including risks of unforeseen capital requirements, failure of widespread market acceptance of our products, failure to establish business relationships and competitive disadvantages against larger and more established competitors. 
 Accordingly, there are no assurances that these industries and markets will continue to exist or grow as currently estimated or anticipated, or function and evolve in a manner consistent with management s expectations and assumptions, and a failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to supply the provincial purchasers in various provinces and territories of Canada with our products in the quantities or prices anticipated, or at all. 
 We have entered into various supply arrangements for cannabis products with various provincial purchasers and have secured listings with various private retailers in those provinces. We have entered into such supply arrangements with all provinces in Canada and the Yukon territory (where the relevant provincial body is the sole wholesale distributor of cannabis products in the province) and with private retailers in Saskatchewan. Our supply arrangements with provincial and territorial purchasers, each of which we understand to be substantially similar in all material respects with the supply arrangements entered into with the other license holders in the Canadian cannabis industry, do not contain any binding minimum purchase obligations on the part of the relevant provincial purchaser. 
 We expect purchase orders to be primarily driven by end-consumer demand for our products and the relevant provincial or territorial purchaser supply at the relevant time. Accordingly, we cannot predict the quantities of our products that will be purchased by the provincial and territorial purchasers, or if our products will be purchased at all. Provincial and territorial purchasers may change the terms of the supply agreements at any time during the supply relationship including pricing, have broad rights of return of products and are under no obligation to purchase our products or maintain any listings of our products for sale. As a result, provincial and territorial purchasers have a significant amount of control over the terms of the supply arrangements. 
 The effect of the legalization of adult-use cannabis in Canada on the medical cannabis market in Canada is still uncertain, and it may have a significant negative effect upon our medical cannabis business if consumers decide to purchase products available in the adult-use market instead of purchasing our medical-use products. 
 The Cannabis Act allows individuals over the age of 18 to legally purchase, process and cultivate limited amounts of cannabis for adult-use in Canada, subject to provincial and territorial age restrictions which may increase the age of purchase in the province or territory. As a result, individuals who rely upon the medical cannabis market to supply their medical cannabis and cannabis-based products may cease this reliance, and instead turn to the adult-use cannabis market to supply their cannabis and cannabis-based products. Factors that will influence this decision include the price of medical cannabis products in relation to similar adult-use cannabis products, the amount of active ingredients in medical cannabis products in relation to similar adult-use cannabis products, the types of cannabis products available to adult users and limitations on access to adult-use cannabis products imposed by the regulations under the Cannabis Act and the legislation governing the distribution and sale of cannabis that has been enacted by the individual provinces and territories of Canada. 
 The impact of the legalization of adult-use cannabis in Canada on the medical cannabis market is uncertain, and while we cannot predict its impact on our sales and revenue prospects, it may be adverse. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The adult-use cannabis market in Canada has in the past been and may in the future become oversupplied following the implementation of the Cannabis Act and the related legalization of cannabis for adult-use. 
 As a result of the implementation of the Cannabis Act and the legalization of adult cannabis use, numerous additional cannabis producers have and may continue to enter the Canadian adult-use market. We and such other cannabis producers have in the past produced and may in the future produce more cannabis than is needed to satisfy the collective demand of the Canadian medical and adult-use markets, and we may be unable to export that over-supply into other markets. As a result, the available supply of cannabis could exceed demand, which has in the past, and may in the future, result in significant inventory write downs. 
 We may be unsuccessful in competing in the legal adult-use cannabis market in Canada. 
 We face competition from existing license holders licensed under the Cannabis Act. Certain of these competitors may have significantly greater financial, production, marketing, R D and technical and human resources than we do. As a result, our competitors may be more successful than us in gaining market share in the adult-use cannabis industry in Canada. Our commercial opportunity in the adult-use market could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors produce and commercialize products for the adult-use market that, among other things, are safer, more effective, more convenient or less expensive than the products that we may produce, have greater sales, marketing and distribution support than our products, enjoy enhanced timing of market introduction and perceived effectiveness advantages over our products and receive more favorable publicity than our products. If our adult-use products do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by the adult-use market, we may not generate sufficient revenue from these products, and our adult-use business may not become profitable. 
 We are subject to liability arising from any fraudulent or illegal activity by our employees, contractors and consultants. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors and consultants may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violates: (i) applicable laws and regulations; (ii) manufacturing standards; (iii) federal and provincial healthcare fraud and abuse of federal, state and provincial laws and regulations; or (iv) laws and regulations that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It is not always possible for us to identify and deter misconduct by our employees and other third parties, and the precautions taken by us to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are brought against us, and we are not successful in defending them, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, loss or suspension of licenses and the curtailment of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Some jurisdictions may never develop markets for cannabis and U.S. hemp. 
 Many jurisdictions place restrictions on or prohibit commercial activities involving cannabis and U.S. hemp. Such restrictions or prohibitions may make it impossible or impractical for us to enter or expand our operations in such jurisdictions unless there is a change in law or regulation. For example, U.S. Schedule I cannabis remains illegal under U.S. federal law and may never become legal under U.S. federal law. 
 Our U.S. strategy in part depends on the success of the PharmaCann Investment and there is no guarantee that we will exercise the PharmaCann Option in the near term, or at all, and, even if exercised, that the PharmaCann Investment will achieve the expected benefits of the transaction. 
 Our ability to exercise the PharmaCann Option will depend on the satisfaction of several conditions, including U.S. federal cannabis legalization. In addition, our ability to exercise the PharmaCann Option is subject to the receipt of any required regulatory approvals, including in the states where PharmaCann operates that may be required upon exercise, as well as Altria s approval under the Investor Rights Agreement. These conditions are outside of our control and therefore there can be no certainty that the PharmaCann Option will be exercised in the near term, or at all. If the PharmaCann Option is not exercised, we will not receive the benefits of the contemplated commercial arrangements between us and PharmaCann. 
 In addition, the regulatory approval processes in connection with the exercise of any PharmaCann Option may take a prolonged period of time to complete, which could significantly delay our ability to exercise the PharmaCann Option and realize the benefits of the PharmaCann Investment, or result in our not being able to exercise all or part of the PharmaCann Option. Furthermore, in connection with obtaining approvals from or otherwise satisfying the requests of the state regulators or applicable laws, we may be required to divest all or a portion of the PharmaCann Option, or if after the exercise of the PharmaCann Option, our shares of PharmaCann. 
 Even if we are able to and do exercise the PharmaCann Option, the intended benefits of the PharmaCann Investment may not be realized. We cannot assure you that the PharmaCann Investment will be accretive to us in the near term or at all. For example, if entered into, the commercial arrangements between us and PharmaCann may not be successful or beneficial to us. Furthermore, if we fail to realize the intended benefits of the PharmaCann Investment, our stock price could decline to the extent that the market price anticipates those benefits. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 We are entitled to certain limited governance rights with respect to PharmaCann, including limited information rights and board observer rights. Therefore, we will have little to no ability to influence the strategy and material decisions of PharmaCann s business. Furthermore, until such time as we exercise the PharmaCann Option, we will not have the ability to vote on matters requiring the vote of PharmaCann s shareholders and, until the exercise of the PharmaCann Option, will not have the right to appoint directors to the PharmaCann board of directors. Even after exercising the PharmaCann Option, we are entitled to appoint a director of PharmaCann s board only if we own at least 10 of the outstanding capital stock of PharmaCann, and in any event may appoint no more than two directors. In addition, we are subject to certain standstill restrictions, both prior to and after the exercise of the PharmaCann Option, which restrictions further limit our ability to influence decisions of PharmaCann. 
 Although we are entitled to certain anti-dilution protections with respect to our investment in PharmaCann, such protections are subject to various conditions, and our potential ownership in PharmaCann may be significantly diluted by, among other things, future issuances of PharmaCann securities or acquisition activity in which PharmaCann uses its equity as consideration. On February 28, 2022, PharmaCann closed the previously announced LivWell Transaction. As a result of the LivWell Transaction, the Company s ownership percentage in PharmaCann on a fully diluted basis decreased to approximately 6.4 . As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ownership percentage in PharmaCann on a fully diluted basis was approximately 6.3 . Under the terms of our investment in PharmaCann, Cronos rights to nominate an observer or a director to the PharmaCann board of directors could be lost if our ownership drops below 6 on a fully diluted basis and we sell or transfer all or any portion of the PharmaCann Option (subject to certain exceptions). As a result, further dilution could adversely affect our rights under the PharmaCann Option. Any other equity event could be significantly dilutive to our ownership in PharmaCann and may adversely impact the potential benefits we may realize from the PharmaCann Investment. 
 We must rely largely on our own market research to forecast sales and market demand and market prices may differ from our forecasts. 
 We must rely largely on our own market research and internal data to forecast sales as detailed market data is not generally obtainable from other sources at this early stage of the cannabis or U.S. hemp industries. If our sales forecasts and our expectations regarding market conditions, including prices, influence capital expenditure levels, inventory levels, production and supply chain capacity and operating expenses, prove to be inaccurate, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, our forecasts for product demand and market conditions were impacted by a decline in market prices for cannabis products in the Canadian market, which contributed to our inventory write-down in the second and fourth quarters of 2020. 
 We could have difficulty integrating the operations of businesses that we have acquired and will acquire. 
 The success of our acquisitions depends upon our ability to integrate any businesses that we acquire. The integration of acquired business operations could disrupt our business by causing unforeseen operating difficulties, diverting management s attention from day-to-day operations and requiring significant financial resources that would otherwise be used for the ongoing development of our business. The difficulties of integrations could be increased by the necessity of coordinating geographically dispersed organizations, coordinating personnel with disparate business backgrounds, managing different corporate cultures, or discovering previously unknown liabilities. In addition, we could be unable to retain key employees or customers of the acquired businesses. We could face integration issues including those related to operations, internal control and information systems and operational functions of the acquired companies and we also could fail to realize cost efficiencies or synergies that we anticipated when selecting our acquisition candidates or these acquisitions could fail to compete successfully. Any of these items could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information on the risks associated with acquisitions, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Growth Strategy Our acquisition strategy may not be successful and we have in the past, and may in the future, need to write down the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets recognized upon the acquisitions . 
 We have been and may in the future be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. 
 The Company has been and may in the future be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, which would reduce earnings. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets have been reduced to less than their carrying amount. We periodically calculate the fair value of our reporting units and intangible assets to test for impairment. This calculation may be affected by several factors, including general economic conditions, regulatory developments, changes in category growth rates as a result of changing adult consumer preferences, success of planned new product introductions, and competitive activity. Certain events can also trigger an immediate review of goodwill and intangible assets. If the carrying amount of our reporting unit and other intangible assets exceed their fair value, the goodwill and other intangible assets are considered impaired, which would result in impairment losses and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. We cannot provide any assurance that the U.S. segment will successfully execute its business plans and strategies. 
 For a discussion of previous write downs of indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill, see Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Our Products 
 There is limited long-term data with respect to the efficacy and side effects of cannabis, U.S. hemp and cannabinoids, and future clinical research studies on the effects of cannabis, U.S. hemp and cannabinoids may lead to conclusions that dispute or conflict with our understanding and belief regarding their benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing and social acceptance. 
 Research in Canada, the U.S. and internationally regarding the benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing and social acceptance of cannabis, U.S. hemp or isolated cannabinoids (such as CBD and THC) in dietary supplements, food, or cosmetic products remains in early stages. There have been relatively few clinical trials on the potential benefits of cannabis, U.S. hemp or isolated cannabinoids and there is limited long-term data with respect to potential benefits, effects and/or interaction of these substances with human or animal biochemistry. As a result, our products could have unexpected side effects or safety concerns, the discovery of which could lead to civil litigation, regulatory actions and even possibly criminal enforcement actions. In addition, if the products we sell do not or are not perceived to have the effects intended by the end user, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The statements made by the Company, including in this Annual Report, concerning the potential benefits of cannabis, U.S. hemp and isolated cannabinoids are based on published articles and reports and therefore are subject to the experimental parameters, qualifications and limitations in such studies that have been completed. Although we believe that the existing public scientific literature generally supports our beliefs regarding the benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing and social acceptance of cannabis, U.S. hemp and cannabinoids, future research and clinical trials may cast doubt or disprove such beliefs, or could raise or heighten concerns regarding, and perceptions relating to, cannabis, U.S. hemp and cannabinoids, which could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products with the potential to lead to a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Given these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, undue reliance should not be placed on such literature. In particular, the FDA has raised several questions regarding the safety of CBD and other cannabinoids and gaps in the public scientific literature supporting the use of CBD and other cannabinoids by the general population. 
 Clinical trials of cannabis-based medical products and treatments are novel terrain with very limited or non-existent history, and any trials may not result in commercially viable products and treatments. 
 Clinical trials are expensive, time consuming and difficult to design and implement. Regulatory authorities may suspend, delay or terminate any clinical trials we commence at any time, may require us, for various reasons, to conduct additional clinical trials, or may require a particular clinical trial to continue for a longer duration than originally planned. Clinical trials face many risks, including, among others: 
 lack of effectiveness of any formulation or delivery system during clinical trials; 
 discovery of serious or unexpected toxicities or side effects experienced by trial participants or other safety issues 
 slower than expected subject recruitment and enrollment rates in clinical trials 
 delays or inability in manufacturing or in obtaining sufficient quantities of materials for use in clinical trials due to regulatory and manufacturing constraints 
 delays in obtaining regulatory authorization to commence a trial, including licenses required for obtaining and using cannabis, U.S. hemp or isolated cannabinoids for research, either before or after a trial is commenced 
 unfavorable results from ongoing pre-clinical studies and clinical trials; 
 trial participants or investigators failing to comply with study protocols 
 trial participants failing to return for post-treatment follow-up at the expected rate 
 sites participating in an ongoing clinical study withdraw, requiring us to engage new sites and 
 third party clinical investigators declining to participate in our clinical studies, not performing the clinical studies on the anticipated schedule, or acting in ways inconsistent with the established investigator agreement, clinical study protocol or good clinical practices. 
 Any of the foregoing could cause our products or treatments not to be commercially viable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The controversy surrounding vaporizers and vaporizer products may materially and adversely affect the market for vaporizer products and expose us to litigation and additional regulation. 
 There have been a number of highly publicized cases involving lung and other illnesses and deaths that appear to be related to vaporizer devices and/or products used in such devices (such as vaporizer liquids). The focus is currently on the vaporizer devices, the manner in which the devices were used and the related vaporizer device products THC, nicotine, other substances in vaporizer liquids, possibly adulterated products and other illegal unlicensed cannabis vaporizer products. Some states, provinces, territories and municipalities in the U.S. and Canada have already taken steps to prohibit the sale or distribution of vaporizers, restrict the sale and distribution of such products or impose restrictions on flavors, substances and concentration of substances used, or use of such vaporizers. This trend may continue, accelerate and expand. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Cannabis vaporizers in Canada are regulated under the Cannabis Act, Cannabis Regulations and other laws and regulations of general application. Although this legislation sets rules and standards for the manufacture, composition, packaging, and marketing of cannabis vaporizer products, these rules and standards predate the spate of vaporizer-related health issues that have recently arisen in the U.S. These issues and accompanying negative public sentiment may prompt Health Canada or individual provinces/territories or municipalities to decide to further limit or defer the industry s ability to sell cannabis vaporizer products, and may also diminish consumer demand for such products. Currently, Qu bec and Prince Edward Island do not allow the sale of cannabis vaporizers in their respective jurisdictions and Health Canada is seeking to limit the flavors of inhaled cannabis extracts. In June 2021, Health Canada opened a consultation into the use of flavors in inhaled cannabis extracts as it claims that the availability of flavors is one of the factors that contributes to the increase in cannabis vaping in youth and young adults. As part of this consultation, Health Canada released proposed regulations that contemplate restricting the production, sale, promotion, packaging and labelling of inhaled cannabis extracts from having a flavor, other than the flavor of cannabis. The proposed amendments would apply equally to inhaled cannabis extracts sold for medical and non-medical purposes. The proposed amendments were pre-published in June 2021 and the consultation period closed in September 2021. No expected in-force date has been publicly announced. 
 There can be no assurance that the jurisdictions in which we operate will allow the sale of cannabis vaporizers in the future, that other jurisdictions will not prohibit the sale of cannabis vaporizers, that we will be able to meet any additional compliance requirements or regulatory restrictions, or that we will remain competitive in face of unexpected changes in market conditions. 
 An extension of this controversy to non-nicotine vaporizer devices and other product formats could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. In February 2020, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control reported that federal and state agencies were investigating an outbreak of over 2,807 lung injury cases associated with the use of vaporizer products, including non-nicotine containing products. Litigation pertaining to vaporizer products is ongoing and that litigation could potentially expand to include our products, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. 
 Future research may lead to findings that vaporizers, electronic cigarettes and related products are not safe for their intended use. 
 Vaporizers, electronic cigarettes and related products were recently developed and therefore the scientific or medical communities have had a limited period of time to study the long-term health effects of their use. Currently, there is limited scientific or medical data on the safety of such products for their intended use and the medical community is still studying the health effects of the use of such products, including the long-term health effects. If a consensus were to develop among the scientific or medical community that the use of any or all of these products pose long-term health risks, market demand for these products and their use could materially decline. Such a development could also lead to litigation, reputational harm and significant regulation. Loss of demand for our products, product liability claims and increased regulation stemming from unfavorable scientific studies on vaporizer products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. 
 We, or the cannabis and U.S. hemp industries more generally, may receive unfavorable publicity or become subject to negative consumer perception. 
 We believe the cannabis and U.S. hemp industries are highly dependent upon broad social acceptance and consumer perception regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of the cannabis and U.S. hemp products, as well as consumer views concerning regulatory compliance. Consumer perception of our products can be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, media attention, market rumors or speculation and other publicity regarding the consumption or effects thereof of cannabis and U.S. hemp products. There can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the cannabis or U.S. hemp markets or any particular product, or consistent with earlier publicity. Future research reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other publicity that are perceived as less favorable than, or that question, earlier research reports, findings or publicity could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our dependence upon consumer perceptions means that adverse scientific research reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other publicity, whether or not accurate or with merit, could have a material adverse effect on the demand for products, and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, adverse publicity reports or other media attention regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of U.S. hemp or cannabis in general, or our products specifically, or associating the consumption or use of U.S. hemp or cannabis with illness or other negative effects or events, could have such a material adverse effect. Such adverse publicity reports or other media attention could arise even if the adverse effects associated with such products resulted from consumers failure to consume such products legally, appropriately or as directed. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The increased usage of social media and other web-based tools used to generate, publish and discuss user-generated content and to connect with other users has made it increasingly easier for individuals and groups to communicate and share opinions and views, whether or not true, on our operations and activities and the U.S. hemp and cannabis industries in general, whether true or not. Social media permits user-generated content to be distributed to a broad audience which can respond or react, in near real time, with comments that are often not filtered or checked for accuracy. In many cases, we do not have the ability to filter such comments or verify their accuracy. Accordingly, the speed with which negative publicity (whether true or not) can be disseminated has increased dramatically with the expansion of social media. The dissemination of negative or inaccurate posts, comments or other user-generated content about us on social media (including those published by third-parties) could damage our brand, image and reputation or how the U.S. hemp or cannabis industries are perceived generally, which could have a detrimental impact on the market for our products and thus on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain businesses may have strong economic opposition to the U.S. hemp or cannabis industries. Lobbying by such groups, and any resulting inroads they might make in halting or rolling back the U.S. hemp and cannabis movements, could affect how the U.S. hemp or cannabis industries are perceived by others and could have a detrimental impact on the market for our products and thus on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The parties with which we do business, may perceive that they are exposed to reputational risk as a result of our cannabis or U.S. hemp business activities. Failure to establish or maintain business relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any third party service provider or supplier could suspend or withdraw its services to us or require increased fees or compensation if it perceives that the potential risks exceed the potential benefits to such services. For example, we face challenges making U.S. dollar wire transfers or engaging any third party service provider or supplier with a substantial presence where cannabis is not federally legal (including the U.S.). In these circumstances, while we believe that such services can be procured from other institutions, we may in the future have difficulty maintaining existing, or securing new, bank accounts or clearing services, service providers or other vendors or we may be forced to pay increased fees or compensation for such services. 
 Although we take care in protecting our image and reputation, we do not ultimately have control over how we or the U.S. hemp or cannabis industries are perceived by others. Reputation loss may result in decreased investor confidence, increased challenges in developing and maintaining community relations and an impediment to our overall ability to advance our business strategy and realize on our growth prospects, thereby having a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be subject to litigation in the ordinary course of our marketing, distribution and sale of our products. 
 We are subject to litigation, claims and other legal and regulatory proceedings from time to time in the ordinary course of our manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of our products, some of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Several companies in the U.S. hemp-derived CBD industry, including the Company, have become party to an increasing number of purported class actions lawsuits relating to their food and dietary supplement products containing U.S. hemp-derived CBD. While one such case against the Company was dismissed, similar class actions may be filed against us again, and the plaintiffs in such class action lawsuits, as well as in other lawsuits against us, may seek very large or indeterminate amounts, including punitive damages, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Should any litigation in which we become involved be determined against us, such a decision could adversely affect our ability to continue operating, adversely affect the market price for our common shares and require the use of significant resources. Even to the extent we ultimately prevail in litigation, litigation can consume and redirect significant resources. Litigation may also create a negative perception of our brands, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report for a discussion of our legal proceedings. 
 We may be subject to product liability claims. 
 As a manufacturer and distributor of products designed to be ingested by humans, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action and litigation if our products are alleged to have caused significant loss or injury. In addition, the manufacture and sale of cannabis and U.S. hemp products involve the risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of cannabis or U.S. hemp products alone or in combination with other medications or substances could occur as described above under There is limited long-term data with respect to the efficacy and side effects of cannabis, U.S. hemp and cannabinoids and future clinical research studies on the effects of cannabis, U.S. hemp and cannabinoids may lead to conclusions that dispute or conflict with our understanding and belief regarding their benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing and social acceptance. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to product liability claims that include, among others, our products caused injury or illness, incorrect labeling, inadequate instructions for use or inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions with other substances. A product liability claim or regulatory action against us could result in increased costs, could adversely affect our reputation with our consumers generally, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report for a discussion on our legal proceedings. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 There can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products. 
 Our products have in the past and may in the future be subject to recalls. 
 Manufacturers and distributors of products are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including, among other things, product defects, such as contamination, unintended harmful side effects or interactions with other substances, packaging safety and inadequate or inaccurate labelling disclosure. Some of our products have been subject to recalls in the past. 
 If one or more of our products are recalled for any reason, we could be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection with the recall. We may lose a significant number of sales and may not be able to replace those sales at an acceptable margin, or at all. In addition, product recalls have in the past and may in the future require significant management attention. Although we have detailed procedures in place for testing finished products, there can be no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product recalls, regulatory action or lawsuits. If one or more of our products were subject to recall, the public perception of that product and us could be harmed. A recall of one of our products could lead to decreased demand for that product and our other products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by Health Canada, the FDA, the California Department of Public Health (the CDPH ), the DEA or other regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. Furthermore, any product recall affecting the cannabis or U.S. hemp industries more broadly could lead consumers to lose confidence in the safety and security of the products sold by participants in these industries generally, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on third party testing and analytical methods which are validated but still being standardized. 
 For certain of our cannabis and U.S. hemp products, testing for cannabinoid levels, heavy metals and pesticides (among other things) is performed by independent third-party testing laboratories. Testing methods and analytical assays for cannabinoids and levels of detection vary among different testing laboratories in different jurisdictions. There is currently no industry consensus on standards for testing methods or an industry accepted compendium of analytical assays or standard levels of detection. The detected and reported cannabinoid content in our cannabis and U.S. hemp products therefore can differ depending on the laboratory and testing methods (analytical assays) used. Variations in reported cannabinoid content will likely continue until the relevant regulatory agencies and independent certification bodies (e.g., ISO, USP) collaborate to develop, publish and implement standardized analytical assays and levels of detection for cannabis, U.S. hemp, cannabinoids and their derivative products. Until such standardized analytical assays and levels of detection are developed, the existing differences could cause confusion with our consumers which could lead to a negative perception of us and our products, increase the risk of litigation regarding cannabinoid content and regulatory enforcement action and could make it more difficult for us to comply with regulatory requirements regarding contents of ingredients and packaging and labeling. For example, on June 16, 2020, an alleged consumer filed a Statement of Claim, which has since been dismissed as against the Company, on behalf of a class in the Court of King s Bench of Alberta in Alberta, Canada, against the Company and other Canadian cannabis manufacturers and distributors alleging claims related to the defendants advertised content of cannabinoids in cannabis products for medicinal use on or after June 16, 2010 and cannabis products for adult use on or after October 17, 2018. See Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report. 
 The presence of trace amounts of THC in our U.S. hemp products may cause adverse consequences to users of such products that will expose us to the risk of litigation, liability and other consequences. 
 Some of our products that are intended to primarily contain U.S. hemp-derived CBD, or other U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoids, may contain trace amounts of THC. THC is a controlled substance in many jurisdictions, including under the federal laws of the U.S. Whether or not ingestion of THC (at low levels or otherwise) is permitted in a particular jurisdiction, there may be adverse consequences to consumers of our U.S. hemp products who test positive for any amounts of THC because of the presence of trace amounts of THC in our U.S. hemp products. In addition, certain metabolic processes in the body may negatively affect the results of drug tests. Positive tests for THC may expose us to litigation from our consumers, adversely affect our reputation, our ability to obtain or retain customers and individuals participation in certain athletic or other activities. A claim or regulatory action against us based on such positive test results could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 We may not be able to successfully develop new products or find a market for their sale. 
 The legal cannabis and U.S. hemp industries are in their early stages of development and it is likely that we, and our competitors, will seek to introduce new products, including products that contain cannabinoids other than THC and CBD, in the future. In attempting to keep pace with any new market developments, we may need to spend significant amounts of capital in order to successfully develop and generate revenues from new products we introduce. In addition, we may be required to obtain additional regulatory approvals from Health Canada, the FDA and/or any other applicable regulatory authority, which may take significant amounts of time. We may not be successful in developing effective and safe new products, bringing such products to market in time to be effectively commercialized, or obtaining any required regulatory approvals, and, in the event we are successful, it is possible that there may be little or no demand for the products we develop (including products containing cannabinoids other than THC and CBD with which consumers may not be familiar or have significant reservations), which, together with any capital expenditures made in the course of such product development and regulatory approval processes, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Canadian excise duty framework may affect our profitability. 
 Canada s excise duty framework imposes an excise duty and various regulatory-like restrictions on certain cannabis products sold in Canada. We currently hold licenses issued by the Canada Revenue Agency CRA required to comply with this excise framework. Any change in the rates or application of excise duty to cannabis products sold by us in Canada, and any restrictive interpretations by the CRA or the courts of the provisions of the Excise Act, 2001 (which may be different than those contained in the Cannabis Act) may affect our profitability and ability to compete in the market. 
 Our business may be impacted as a result of increased rates of inflation. 
 In the past year, the worldwide economy has experienced significant inflation and inflationary pressures, including, in particular, on wages. Increased inflation could reduce our purchasing power and result in negative impacts on our ability to obtain goods and services required for the operation of our business, to hire and retain employees, or to pass on rising costs, including increased employee costs, to our customers. To the extent that we are unable to offset such inflation through higher prices of our products or other cost savings, there could be a negative impact on our operating margins, net income, cash flows and the trading price of our common shares. 
 A period of sustained inflation across the markets in which we operate could result in higher operating costs. Further rising inflation may negatively impact our business, raise cost and reduce profitability. Despite efforts we may take to reduce the impact of inflation on our business across the markets in which we operate, it could become increasingly difficult to effectively mitigate the increases to our costs. In addition, the effects of inflation on consumers budgets could result in the reduction of our customers spending habits. If we are unable to take actions to effectively mitigate the effect of the resulting higher costs, our operating margins could be negatively impacted. 
 Risks Relating to Production and Distribution of Products 
 Our production facilities and those of our strategic joint ventures, are integral to our operations, and any adverse changes or developments affecting such facilities may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our activities and resources are focused on various production and manufacturing facilities including in the U.S. (for U.S. hemp products), Canada and Israel. Some licenses are specific to those facilities. Adverse changes or developments affecting our facilities and the facilities of our joint venture partners, including but not limited to a breach of security, an inability to successfully grow cannabis plants or produce finished goods, unanticipated cost overruns in growing or producing products, an outbreak of a communicable illness (such as COVID-19) or a force majeure event, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As we proceed to wind-down cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus, the production and manufacturing facilities that we continue to use will become increasingly important to our business. Any breach of the security measures and other facility requirements, including any failure to comply with recommendations or requirements arising from inspections by regulatory agencies, could also have an impact on our ability to continue operating under our licenses or the prospect of renewing our licenses or could result in a revocation of our licenses. 
 We bear the responsibility for all of the costs of maintenance and upkeep at our facilities and our operations and financial performance may be adversely affected if our facilities are unable to keep up with maintenance requirements. 
 We may experience breaches of security at our facilities or fraudulent or unpermitted data access or other cybersecurity breaches, which may cause our customers to lose confidence in our security or data protection measures and may expose us to risks related to breaches of applicable privacy and security laws and regulations. 
 Given the nature of our products and the concentration of inventory in our facilities, we are subject to a risk of theft. A security breach at one of our facilities could expose us to additional liability and to potentially costly litigation, increase expenses and business disruptions relating to the resolution and future prevention of these breaches and may deter potential customers from choosing our products. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we collect and store personal information about our customers and are responsible for protecting that information from cybersecurity breaches. A cybersecurity breach may occur in a variety of ways, including, without limitation, a procedural or process failure, information technology malfunction, deliberate unauthorized intrusion, computer virus, and direct or indirect cyberattack or other electronic security breach. Theft of data for competitive or fraudulent purposes, such as customer lists and preferences and other consumer and employee personal information, is an ongoing and growing risk. Any such theft or cybersecurity breach may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are dependent upon information technology systems in the conduct of our operations, and we collect, store and use certain data, intellectual property, proprietary business information and certain personal information of our employees and customers on our computer systems. We have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to various cyberattacks and phishing schemes. Additionally, we are undertaking an effort to modernize our information technology systems, which could expose us to additional risks relating to our collection, storage and use of certain data on our systems. 
 There have been many highly publicized attacks over the last several years and we expect those to continue. Any fraudulent, malicious or accidental breach of our systems could result in unintended disclosure of, or unauthorized access to, third party, customer, vendor, employee or other confidential information, which could potentially result in additional costs and business disruption to us, including without limitation, to repair or replace damaged systems, enhance security or respond to occurrences, lost sales, violations of data privacy, security or other laws and regulations and subsequent penalties, fines, regulatory action or litigation. We also rely on third party-service providers for certain information technology systems, such as payment processing, and any data security breach at a third-party service provider could have similar effects. In addition, media or other reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to our systems or those of our third-party suppliers, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred, could adversely impact our brand and reputation, and customers could lose confidence in our security measures and reliability, which would harm our ability to retain customers and gain new ones. If any of these were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 We are responsible for protecting employee and client health information. In the U.S., for example, we must comply with Americans with Disability Act requirements for confidential employee medical records, including that they must be stored separately from other personal records and access must be restricted to those who need access. With respect to customer health information , there are a number of federal, state and provincial laws and regulations protecting the confidentiality of certain customer health information, including customer records, and restricting the use and disclosure of that protected information. The privacy rules under the Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (Canada) PIPEDA protect medical records and other personal health information by limiting their use and disclosure of health information to the minimum level reasonably necessary to accomplish the intended purpose and apply to our operations globally. If we were to be found to be in violation of the privacy or security rules under PIPEDA or other applicable laws and regulations protecting the confidentiality of client health information in jurisdictions we operate in, we could be subject to sanctions and civil or criminal penalties, which could increase our liabilities, harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The jurisdictions in which we operate or which we may enter also have data privacy and security laws and regulations that govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, disposal, and protection of personal information (such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA in California). In Canada, we may be required to retain certain customer personal information for prescribed periods of time pursuant to the Cannabis Act. 
 Additionally, several states, including California, Colorado, and Virginia, have passed laws and regulations, modeled on the E.U. GDPR, that will significantly impact data privacy and security requirements in the U.S. The California Privacy Rights Act CPRA imposes broad new requirements on companies covered by the legislation. Under the CPRA, California consumers (i.e., California residents) will have new and expanded rights, and businesses covered by the CPRA must disclose these rights to them. These new rights include, but are not limited to, a right of correction (i.e., the right to request that a business correct any inaccurate personal information about them), a right to limit the use and disclosure of Sensitive Information (a new category of personal information defined by the CPRA), a right to access information about automatic decision making used by the business, and a right to data portability (i.e., that a business transfer their personal information to another entity to the extent technically feasible). Enhanced rights for California consumers under the CPRA include, but are not limited to, expanded rights to know and access their personal information, expanded rights to delete their personal information, and an explicit requirement that California consumers have the right to opt-out of the sharing, in addition to the selling, of their personal information. Separately, the CPRA will codify the following GDPR-inspired requirements: (i) data minimization or the requirement that personal information collected by businesses be reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose for which the personal information was collected, (ii) purpose limitation or the requirement that businesses only collect personal information for specific, explicit, and legitimate disclosed purposes that are disclosed in advance to California consumers, (iii) data retention limitations for personal information predicated on the length of time the business intends to retain each category of personal information, and (iv) reasonable data security requirements. Lastly, the CPRA provides for an expanded private right of action in the context of cybersecurity breaches and creates a designated privacy agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency CPPA ), with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and CPRA. 
 While uncertain, the effects of the CCPA, the CPRA and other new state laws and regulations, as well as analogous laws and regulations in Canada (e.g., Bill 64 in Quebec), are potentially significant and may require us to modify our data collection or 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 processing practices and policies, incur substantial costs and expenses to comply with these laws and regulations, and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement and/or litigation. The interpretation and enforcement of such laws and regulations are uncertain and subject to change and may require substantial costs to monitor and implement compliance. Failure to comply with data privacy and protection laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions (which could include substantial civil and/or criminal penalties), litigation, business disruption, the diversion of management s attention and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our cannabis cultivation and U.S. hemp operations are subject to risks inherent in an agricultural business. 
 Our business and that of our joint venture partners involves the growing of cannabis, an agricultural product, in certain jurisdictions where that activity is permitted. As such, the business is subject to the risks inherent in the agricultural business, such as insects, plant diseases and similar agricultural risks that may create crop failures and supply interruptions for our customers. Although our current operational production facilities, and those of our joint venture partners, grow products indoors (including in greenhouses) under climate-controlled conditions and we and our joint venture partners carefully monitor the growing conditions with trained personnel, there can be no assurance that natural elements will not have a material adverse effect on the production of our products. To the extent we rely on third parties or our joint venture partners to grow cannabis that we intend to commercialize, we are exposed to similar risks and there can be no assurance that such risks will not have a similarly material adverse effect on the production of our products. 
 Our business also involves products containing U.S. hemp. U.S. hemp is typically harvested in or around the month of October. U.S. hemp plants can be vulnerable to various pathogens including bacteria, fungi, viruses and other miscellaneous pathogens. Such instances often lead to reduced crop quality, stunted growth and/or death of the plant. Moreover, U.S. hemp is phytoremediative (meaning that it may extract toxins or other undesirable chemicals or compounds from the ground in which it is planted). Various regulatory agencies have established maximum limits for pathogens, toxins, chemicals and other compounds that may be present in agricultural materials. If U.S. hemp used in our products is found to have levels of pathogens, toxins, chemicals or other undesirable compounds that exceed limits permitted by applicable law, it may have to be destroyed. Should the U.S. hemp used in our products be lost due to pathogens, toxins, chemicals or other undesirable compounds, or if we or our suppliers are otherwise unable to obtain U.S. hemp for use in our products on an ongoing basis, it may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. 
 The inability of our suppliers to meet their financial or contractual obligations to us may result in disruption to our supply chain and could result in financial losses. 
 We face exposure to our third party U.S. hemp and cannabis suppliers that may face financial difficulties which would impact our supply of U.S. hemp and cannabis products. For example, supply chains throughout the world have been negatively impacted by COVID-19 and this has increased the costs of products and shipping. We have in the past, and may in the future, have disruptions in our supply chain. 
 We rely on third party distributors to distribute our products, and those distributors may not perform their obligations. 
 We rely on third party distributors and other courier services, and may in the future rely on other third parties, to distribute our products. If these distributors do not successfully carry out their contractual obligations or terminate or suspend their contractual arrangements with us, if there is a delay or interruption in the distribution of our products or if these third parties damage our products, it could negatively impact our revenue and may require significant management attention. In addition, any damage to our products due to acts or omissions of our third party distributors, such as product spoilage or improper storage or handling, could expose us to potential product liability, damage our reputation and the reputation of our products or brands or otherwise harm our business. 
 Risks Relating to Intellectual Property 
 We are subject to risks related to the protection and enforcement of our intellectual property rights, and we may be unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 The ownership and protection of our intellectual property rights is a significant aspect of our future success. Currently we rely on trade secrets, technical know-how, proprietary information, trademarks, copyrights, designs and certain patent filings to maintain our competitive position. We try to protect our intellectual property by strategically seeking and obtaining registered protection where appropriate, developing and implementing standard operating procedures to protect trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information, and entering into agreements with parties that have access to our inventions, trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information, such as our partners, collaborators, employees and consultants, to protect confidentiality and ownership. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our inventions, trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems, and we seek to protect our trademarks and the goodwill associated therewith by monitoring and enforcing against unauthorized use of our trademarks. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 It is possible that we will inadvertently disclose or otherwise fail or be unable to protect our inventions, trade secrets, technical know-how or proprietary information, or will fail to identify our inventions or trademarks as patentable or registrable intellectual property, or fail to obtain patent or registered trademark protection therefor. Any such disclosure or failure could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may be unable to protect our inventions, trade secrets, and other intellectual property from discovery or unauthorized use. 
 In relation to our agreements with parties that have access to our intellectual property, any of these parties may breach their obligations to us, and we may not have adequate remedies for such breach. In relation to our security measures, such security measures may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for such breach. In addition, our intellectual property that has not yet been applied for or registered may otherwise become known to, or be independently developed by, competitors, or may already be the subject of applications for intellectual property registrations filed by our competitors, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We cannot provide any assurances that our inventions, trade secrets, technical know-how and other proprietary information will not be disclosed in violation of agreements, or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our intellectual property or independently develop and file applications for intellectual property rights in a manner that adversely impacts our intellectual property rights. Unauthorized parties may attempt to replicate or otherwise obtain and use our inventions, trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information. Policing the unauthorized use of our current or future intellectual property rights is difficult, expensive, time-consuming and unpredictable, as is enforcing these rights against unauthorized use by others. Identifying unauthorized use of intellectual property rights is difficult. For example, we may be unable to effectively monitor and evaluate the products being distributed by our competitors, including parties such as unlicensed dispensaries, and the processes used to produce such products. If the steps taken to identify and protect our trade secrets are inadequate, we may be unable to enforce our rights in them against third parties. 
 Our intellectual property rights may be invalid or unenforceable under applicable laws, and we may be unable to have issued or registered, and unable to enforce, our intellectual property rights. 
 The laws regarding intellectual property rights relating to cannabis and cannabis-related products, and the positions of intellectual property offices administering such laws, are constantly evolving, and there is uncertainty regarding which countries will permit the filing, prosecution, issuance, registration and enforcement of intellectual property rights relating to cannabis and cannabis-related products. 
 Specifically, we have sought trademark protection in many countries, including Canada, the U.S. and others. Our ability to obtain registered trademark protection for cannabis and cannabis-related goods and services (including U.S. hemp and U.S. hemp-related goods and services) may be limited in certain countries outside of Canada, including the U.S., where registered federal trademark protection is currently unavailable for trademarks covering the sale of U.S. Schedule I cannabis products or certain goods containing U.S. hemp-derived CBD (such as dietary supplements and foods) until the FDA provides clearer guidance on the regulation of such products, and including Europe, where laws on the legality of cannabis use are not uniform, and trademarks cannot be obtained for products that are contrary to public policy or accepted principles of morality. Accordingly, our ability to obtain intellectual property rights or enforce intellectual property rights against third party uses of similar trademarks may be limited in certain countries. 
 Moreover, in any infringement proceeding, some or all of our current or future trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights or other proprietary know-how, or arrangements or agreements seeking to protect the same for our benefit, may be found invalid, unenforceable, anti-competitive or not infringed. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our current or future trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put existing intellectual property applications at risk of not being issued. Any or all of these events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There is no guarantee that any patent or other intellectual property applications that we file will result in registration or any enforceable intellectual property rights or the breadth of any such protection. Further, with respect to any patent applications that we file, there is no assurance that we will find all potentially relevant prior art relating to such applications, which may prevent a patent from issuing from such application or invalidate any patent that issues from such application. Even if patents do successfully issue, and cover our products and processes, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, found unenforceable or invalidated. Even if they are unchallenged, any patent applications and future patents may not adequately protect our intellectual property rights, provide exclusivity for our products or processes or prevent others from designing around any issued patent claims. Any of these outcomes could impair our ability to prevent competition from third parties, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to allegations that we are in violation of third-party intellectual property rights, and we may be found to infringe third-party intellectual property rights, possibly without the ability to obtain licenses necessary to use such third party intellectual property rights. 
 Other parties may claim that our products infringe on their intellectual property rights, including with respect to patents, and our operation of our business, including our development, manufacture and sale of our goods and services, may be found to infringe third party intellectual property rights. There may be third party patents or patent applications with claims to products or processes related to the manufacture, use or sale of our products and processes. There may be currently pending patent applications, some of which may still be confidential, that may later result in issued patents that our products or processes may infringe. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our inventions, trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information, or the manufacture, use or sale of our products, infringes upon those patents. Third parties may also claim that our use of our trademarks infringes upon their trademark rights. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources, legal fees, injunctions, temporary restraining orders, other equitable relief, and/or require the payment of damages, any or all of which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have infringed on their purported rights, whether or not such allegations have merit. Such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us, and we may be unable to obtain any licenses or other necessary or useful rights to such third-party intellectual property. 
 Our germplasm relies heavily on intellectual property, and we may be unable to protect, register or enforce our intellectual property rights in germplasm, and may infringe third-party intellectual property rights with respect to germplasm, possibly without the ability to obtain licenses necessary to use such third-party intellectual property rights. 
 Germplasm, including seeds, clones and cuttings, is the genetic material used in new cannabis varieties and hybrids. We use advanced breeding technologies to produce cannabis germplasm (hybrids and varieties). We rely on parental varieties for the success of our breeding program. Although we believe that the parental germplasm is proprietary to us, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties who may allege that we have appropriated their germplasm or their rights to such germplasm, whether or not such allegations have merit. Such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us, and we may be unable to obtain any licenses or other necessary or useful rights under third party intellectual property. We may seek to protect our parental germplasm, as appropriate, relying on intellectual property rights, including rights related to inventions (patents and plant breeders rights), trade secrets, technical know-how, and proprietary information. There is a risk that we will fail to protect such germplasm or that we will fail to register rights in relation to such germplasm. 
 We also seek to protect our parental germplasm, hybrids and varieties from pests and diseases and enhance plant productivity and fertility, and we research products to protect against crop pests and fungus. There are several reasons why new product concepts in these areas may be abandoned, including greater than anticipated development costs, technical difficulties, regulatory obstacles, competition, inability to prove the original concept, lack of demand and the need to divert focus, from time to time, to other initiatives. The processes of breeding, development and trait integration are lengthy, and the germplasm we test may not be selected for commercialization. The length of time and the risk associated with breeding may affect our business. Our sales depend, in part, on our germplasm. Commercial success frequently depends on being the first company to the market, and many of our competitors are also making considerable investments in similar new and improved cannabis germplasm products. Consequently, there is no assurance that we will successfully develop new cannabis germplasm to the point of commercial viability in the markets we serve on a timely basis. 
 Finally, we seek to protect our germplasm, hybrids and varieties from accidental release, theft, misappropriation and sabotage by maintaining physical security of our premises and through contractual rights with our employees and certain of our suppliers, independent contractors, consultants and licensees. However, such security measures may be insufficient or breached, and our employees, independent contractors, consultants and licensees may engage in the inadvertent disclosure, theft, misappropriation or sabotage. We may not have adequate remedies in the case of any such security breach, inadvertent disclosure, theft, misappropriation or sabotage. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 We receive licenses to use some third-party intellectual property rights; the failure of the owner of such intellectual property to properly maintain or enforce the intellectual property underlying such licenses, or our inability to obtain or maintain such licenses, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and performance. 
 We are party to licenses granted by third parties, including through the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership, that give us rights to use third party intellectual property that is necessary or useful to our business. Our success will depend, in part, on the ability of the applicable licensor to maintain and enforce its licensed intellectual property against other third parties, particularly intellectual property rights to which we have secured exclusive rights. Without protection for the intellectual property we have licensed, other companies might be able to offer substantially similar products for sale or utilize substantially similar processes or publicity and marketing rights, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success will also depend, in part, on our ability to obtain licenses to certain intellectual property that we believe are necessary or useful for our business. Such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our products or services, as well as have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any of our licensors may allege that we have breached our license agreements with those licensors, whether with or without merit, and accordingly seek to terminate our applicable licenses. If successful, this could result in our loss of the right to use applicable licensed intellectual property, which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our products or services, as well as have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The technologies, process and formulations we use may face competition or become obsolete. 
 Rapidly changing markets, technology, emerging industry standards and frequent introduction of new products characterize our business. The introduction of new products embodying new technologies, including new manufacturing processes or formulations, and the emergence of new industry standards may render our products obsolete, less competitive or less marketable. The process of developing our products is complex and requires significant continuing costs, development efforts and third-party commitments, including licensees, researchers, and collaborators. Our failure to develop new technologies and products and the obsolescence of existing technologies or processes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be unable to anticipate changes in our potential customer preferences or requirements that could make our existing technology, processes or formulations obsolete. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to enhance our existing technologies, develop new technology that addresses the increasing sophistication and varied views of the market, and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a timely and cost-effective basis. The development of our proprietary technology, processes and formulations entails significant technical and business risks. We may not be successful in using our new technologies or exploiting our niche markets effectively or adapting our business to evolving customer requirements or preferences or emerging industry standards. 
 Risks Relating to Entry into New Markets 
 Controlled substance and other legislation and treaties may restrict or limit our ability to research, manufacture and develop a commercial market for our products outside of the jurisdictions in which we currently operate, and our expansion into such jurisdictions is subject to risks. 
 Approximately 250 substances, including cannabis, are listed in the Schedules annexed to the UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs (New York, 1961), the Convention on Psychotropic Substances (Vienna, 1971) and the Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (introducing control on precursors) (Vienna, 1988). The purpose of these listings is to control and limit the use of these drugs according to a classification of their therapeutic value, risk of abuse and health dangers, and to minimize the diversion of precursor chemicals to illegal drug manufacturers. The 1961 UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, as amended in 1972 classifies cannabis as a Schedule I substances with addictive properties, presenting a serious risk of abuse narcotic drug. In December 2020, the Commission on Narcotic Drugs voted to remove cannabis from Schedule IV the most dangerous substances, already listed in Schedule I, which are particularly harmful and of extremely limited medical or therapeutic value ). The 1971 UN Convention on Psychotropic Substances classifies THC as a Schedule I psychotropic substance (substances presenting a high risk of abuse, posing a particularly serious threat to public health which are of very little or no therapeutic value). Many countries are parties to these conventions, which govern international trade and domestic control of these substances, including cannabis. They may interpret and implement their obligations in a way that creates legal obstacles to our obtaining manufacturing and/or marketing approval for our products in those countries. These countries may not be willing or able to amend or otherwise modify their laws and regulations to permit our products to be manufactured and/or marketed, and achieving such amendments to the laws and regulations may take a prolonged period of time. There can be no assurance that any market for our products will develop in any jurisdiction in which we do not currently have operations. We may face new or unexpected risks or significantly increase our exposure to one or more existing risk factors, including economic instability, political instability, changes in laws and regulations and the effects of competition. These factors may limit our capability to successfully expand our operations into such jurisdictions and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Investments and joint ventures outside of Canada and the U.S. are subject to the risks normally associated with any conduct of business in foreign countries, including varying degrees of political, legal, regulatory and economic risk. 
 Much of our exposure to markets in jurisdictions outside of Canada and the U.S. is through investments and joint ventures. These investments and joint ventures are subject to the risks normally associated with any conduct of business in foreign and/or emerging countries including political risks; civil disturbance risks; changes in laws, regulations or policies of particular countries, including those relating to royalties, duties, imports, exports and currency; the cancellation or renegotiation of contracts; the imposition of royalties, net profits payments, tax increases or other claims by government entities, including retroactive claims; a disregard for due process and the rule of law by local courts; the risk of expropriation and nationalization; delays in obtaining or the inability to obtain necessary governmental permits or the reimbursement of refundable tax from fiscal authorities. 
 Threats or instability in a country caused by political events including elections, change in government, changes in personnel or legislative bodies, foreign relations or military control present serious political and social risk and instability causing interruptions to the flow of business negotiations and influencing relationships with government officials. Changes in policy or law may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks include increased unpaid state participation, higher energy costs, higher taxation levels and potential expropriation. 
 Other risks include the potential for fraud and corruption by suppliers or personnel or government officials which may implicate us, compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), by virtue of our or our joint ventures operating in jurisdictions that may be vulnerable to the possibility of bribery, collusion, kickbacks, theft, improper commissions, facilitation payments, conflicts of interest and related party transactions and our or our joint ventures possible failure to identify, manage and mitigate instances of fraud, corruption or violations of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and applicable regulatory requirements. 
 There is also the risk of increased disclosure requirements; currency fluctuations; restrictions on the ability of local operating companies to hold Canadian dollars, U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies in offshore bank accounts; import and export restrictions; increased regulatory requirements and restrictions; increased health-related regulations; limitations on the repatriation of earnings or on our ability to assist in minimizing our expatriate workforce s exposure to double taxation in both the home and host jurisdictions; and increased financing costs. 
 These risks may limit or disrupt our joint ventures, strategic alliances or investments, restrict the movement of funds, cause us to have to expend more funds than previously expected or required or result in the deprivation of contract rights or the taking of property by nationalization or expropriation without fair compensation, and may materially adversely affect our business, financial position and/or results of operations. In addition, the enforcement by us of our legal rights in foreign countries, including rights to exploit our properties or utilize our permits and licenses and contractual rights may not be recognized by the court systems in such foreign countries or enforced in accordance with the rule of law. 
 We currently do, and may in the future, invest in companies, or engage in joint ventures, in countries with developing economies. It is difficult to predict the future political, social and economic direction of the countries in which we or our joint ventures operate, and the impact government decisions may have on our business. Any political or economic instability in the countries in which we operate could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to Regulation and Compliance 
 We operate in highly regulated sectors where the regulatory environment is rapidly developing, and we may not always succeed in complying fully with applicable regulatory requirements in all jurisdictions where we carry on business. 
 Our business and activities are heavily regulated in all jurisdictions where we carry on business. Our operations are subject to various laws, regulations and guidelines by governmental authorities (including, in Canada, Health Canada and other federal, provincial and local regulatory agencies and, in the U.S., the FDA, the USDA, CDPH, DEA, PTO and FTC and other federal and state agencies) relating to the cultivation, manufacture, processing, marketing, labeling, packaging, management, transportation, distribution, import, export, storage, sale, pricing and disposal of cannabis and U.S. hemp, and also including laws, regulations and guidelines relating to health and safety, insurance coverage, the conduct of operations and the protection of the environment (including relating to emissions and discharges to water, air and land, and the handling and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous materials and wastes). Our operations may also be affected in varying degrees by government regulations with respect to, among other things, price controls, import or export controls, controls on currency remittance, increased income taxes, restrictions on foreign investment and government policies rewarding contracts to local competitors or requiring domestic producers or vendors to purchase supplies from a particular jurisdiction. Laws, regulations and guidelines, applied generally, grant government agencies and self-regulatory bodies broad administrative discretion over our activities, including the power to limit or restrict business activities as well as impose additional disclosure requirements on our products and services, as well as on our personnel (including management and our board of directors). 
 Achievement of our business objectives is contingent, in part, upon compliance with regulatory requirements enacted by these governmental authorities and obtaining all necessary regulatory approvals for the cultivation, production, processing storage, transportation, distribution, sale, import and export, as applicable, of our products. The cannabis and U.S. hemp industries are still new, and in Canada in particular, the Cannabis Act is a new regime that has no close precedent in Canadian law. Similarly, the 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 regulatory regimes in the jurisdictions in which we and our joint ventures operate outside of the U.S. and Canada are new and are still being developed without close precedent in such jurisdictions. The effect of relevant governmental authorities administration, application and enforcement of their respective regulatory regimes and delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain, necessary regulatory approvals may significantly delay or impact the development of markets, products and sales initiatives and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The regulatory environment for our products is rapidly developing, and the need to build and maintain robust systems to comply with different and changing regulations in multiple jurisdictions increases the possibility that we may violate one or more applicable requirements. While we endeavor to comply with all relevant laws, regulations and guidelines, any failure to comply with the regulatory requirements applicable to our operations could subject us to negative consequences, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, asset seizures, revocation or imposition of additional conditions on licenses to operate our business, the denial of regulatory applications (including, in the U.S., by other regulatory regimes that rely on the positions of the DEA and FDA in the application of their respective regimes), the suspension or expulsion from a particular market or jurisdiction of our key personnel, or the imposition of additional or more stringent inspection, testing and reporting requirements, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, scheduled or unscheduled inspections of our facilities or facilities of our joint ventures or third-party suppliers by applicable regulatory agencies could result in adverse findings that could require significant remediation efforts and/or temporary or permanent shutdown of our facilities or those of our joint ventures or third-party suppliers. In the U.S., failure to comply with FDA requirements (and analogous state agencies) may result in, among other things, injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines and criminal prosecutions. The outcome of any regulatory or agency proceedings, investigations, inspections, audits, and other contingencies could harm our reputation, require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions that could harm our operations or require us to pay substantial amounts of money, harming our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There can be no assurance that any pending or future regulatory or agency proceedings, investigations, inspections and audits will not result in substantial costs or a diversion of management s attention and resources, negatively impact our future growth plans and opportunities or have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If the Company s U.S. hemp business activities are found to be in violation of any of U.S. federal, state or local laws or any other governmental regulations, in addition to the items described above: 
 the Company may be subject to Warning Letters, fines, penalties, administrative sanctions, settlements, injunctions, product recalls and/or other enforcement actions arising from civil, administrative or other proceedings initiated that could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance; 
 the profits or revenues derived therefrom could be subject to anti-money laundering statutes, including the Money Laundering Control Act, which could result in significant disruption to our U.S. hemp business operations and involve significant costs, expenses or other penalties; and 
 the Company s suppliers, service providers and distributors may elect, at any time, to breach, terminate or otherwise cease to participate in supply, service or distribution agreements, or other relationships, on which the Company s operations rely. 
 As it relates to U.S. Schedule I cannabis, in the U.S., despite cannabis possession and use having been legalized at the state level for medical use in many states and for adult-use in a number of states, marijuana as defined by the CSA continues to be categorized as a Schedule I controlled substance under the CSA and subject to the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act CSIEA ). Although we do not engage in any activities related to marijuana as defined by the CSA in the U.S., violations of any U.S. federal laws and regulations, including the CSA and the CSIEA, whether intentional or inadvertent, could result in civil, criminal and/or administrative enforcement actions, which could result in fines, penalties, and other sanctions, including but not limited to, cessation of business activities. Additionally, U.S. border officials could deny entry into the U.S. to those employed at or investing in legal and licensed non-U.S. cannabis companies and such persons could face detention, denial of entry or lifetime bans from the U.S. for their business associations with cannabis businesses. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 We and our joint ventures and strategic investments are reliant on required licenses, authorizations, approvals and permits for our ability to grow, process, store and sell cannabis, U.S. hemp and cannabinoids which are subject to ongoing compliance, reporting and renewal requirements, and we may also be required to obtain additional licenses, authorizations, approvals and permits in connection with our business. 
 Our ability to grow, process, store and sell cannabis in Canada is dependent on our licenses from Health Canada, and in particular the licenses currently held by Peace Naturals, Cronos Fermentation and Cronos GrowCo. Failure to comply with the requirements of the licenses or failure to maintain the licenses would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe Peace Naturals, Cronos Fermentation and Cronos GrowCo will meet the requirements of the Cannabis Act for their licenses, there can be no guarantee that Health Canada will extend or renew the licenses or, if they are extended or renewed, that they will be extended or renewed on the same or similar terms or that Health Canada will not revoke the licenses. Should we fail to comply with requirements of the licenses, should Health Canada not extend or renew the licenses, should they be renewed on different terms (including not allowing for anticipated capacity increases) or should the licenses be revoked or suspended, our business, financial condition and results of the operations will be materially adversely affected. To the extent we apply for any additional licenses from Health Canada, there can be no assurance that such licenses will be granted or, if granted, that they will be granted on commercially reasonable terms or within the time period we expect, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to grow, process, store and sell cannabis in Israel is dependent on maintaining our cannabis cultivation, production and distribution licenses and our ability to export products to, or import products from, Cronos Israel is also dependent on obtaining the relevant permits. Cronos GrowCo s ability to grow, process, store and sell cannabis at its production facility depends on obtaining and maintaining the appropriate licenses from Health Canada. Should we or our joint ventures fail to comply with the requirements of the licenses, or should they not be extended or renewed by the applicable regulatory authorities, or should they be renewed on different terms (including not allowing for anticipated capacity increases) or should the licenses be revoked, the business, financial condition and results of our and our joint ventures operations will be materially adversely affected. There is no assurance that we or our joint ventures will be able to obtain necessary permits or licenses on commercially reasonable terms or within expected time periods, if at all. Moreover, the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus will increase the importance of the licenses of Cronos GrowCo for our business and operations. 
 In addition, Ginkgo s ability to conduct certain R D activities in the U.S. under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement is conditional on Ginkgo continuing to maintain all necessary licenses, permits and approvals required for Ginkgo to perform such R D activities. There are no assurances that Ginkgo will be able to maintain required licenses, permits and approvals and, to the extent such licenses, permits and approvals are not maintained, we may not realize the expected benefits of the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership. 
 We have obtained a processed food registration from CDPH and may also be required to obtain and maintain certain permits, licenses and approvals in the jurisdictions where we source, process, or sell products derived from U.S. hemp. We may be unable to obtain or maintain any necessary licenses, permits or approvals. Additional government licenses are currently, and in the future, may be, required in connection with our operations, in addition to other unknown permits and approvals which may be required. To the extent such permits, and approvals are required and not obtained, we may be prevented from operating and/or expanding our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in the laws, regulations and guidelines governing cannabis and U.S. hemp may adversely impact our business. 
 Our current operations are subject to various laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by governmental authorities (including, in Canada, Health Canada and other federal, provincial and local regulatory agencies and, in the U.S., the FDA, the USDA, CDPH, DEA, FTC and PTO and other federal and state agencies) relating to the cultivation, processing, marketing, acquisition, manufacture, packaging/labeling, management, transportation, distribution, import, export, storage, sale and disposal of cannabis or U.S. hemp but also including laws and regulations relating to health and safety, the conduct of operations and the protection of the environment. Additionally, our growth strategy continues to evolve as regulations governing the cannabis industry in the jurisdictions other than Canada and the U.S. in which we and our joint ventures operate become more fully developed. Interpretation of these laws, rules and regulations and their application to our operations and those of our joint ventures is ongoing. No assurance can be given that new laws, regulations and guidelines will not be enacted or that existing laws, regulations and guidelines will not be amended, repealed or interpreted or applied in a manner which could require extensive changes to our operations, increase compliance costs, give rise to material liabilities or a revocation of our licenses and other permits, restrict the growth opportunities that we currently anticipate or otherwise limit or curtail our operations. For example, the Cannabis Act requires the Canadian federal government to conduct a review of the Cannabis Act after three years, which commenced in September 2022. The scope of this statutory review includes, among other things, consideration of (i) the administration and operation of the Cannabis Act, (ii) the impact of the Cannabis Act on public health, (iii) the health and consumption habits of young persons, (iv) the impact of cannabis on Indigenous persons and communities and (v) the impact of cultivation of cannabis plants in a dwelling-house. This report resulting from the statutory review may recommend and/or lead to the amendment, removal or addition of provisions in or to the Cannabis Act which could adversely affect our business. Amendments to current laws, regulations and guidelines governing the production, sale and use of cannabis and cannabis-based products, more stringent implementation or enforcement thereof or other unanticipated events, including changes in political regimes or political instability, currency controls, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and rates of inflation, labor unrest, changes in taxation laws, regulations and policies, restrictions on foreign exchange and repatriation, governmental regulations relating to foreign investment and the cannabis business more generally, and changes in attitudes toward cannabis, are beyond our control and could require extensive changes to our operations, which in turn may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 While the production of cannabis in Canada, among other things, is under the regulatory oversight of the federal government of Canada, the distribution and retail sale of adult-use cannabis in Canada falls within the jurisdiction of the provincial and territorial governments. The impact of the legislation regulating adult-use cannabis passed in the provinces and territories on the cannabis industry and our business plans and operations is uncertain. Provinces and territories have announced certain restrictions that are more stringent than the federal rules or regulations such as retail sale and marketing restrictions, bans on certain types of cannabis products, raising minimum age of purchase and flavor restrictions. For example, Qu bec and Prince Edward Island do not currently permit sales of cannabis vaporizers, and Qu bec limits the sale of other high THC non-edible cannabis products. In addition, the distribution and retail channels and applicable rules and regulations in the provinces continue to evolve, and our ability to distribute and retail cannabis products in Canada is dependent on the ability of the provinces and territories of Canada to establish licensed retail networks and outlets. There is no guarantee that the applicable legislation regulating the distribution and sale of cannabis for adult-use purposes will allow for the growth opportunities we currently anticipate and may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Furthermore, additional countries continue to pass laws with respect to the production and distribution of cannabis in some form or another. We have subsidiaries, investments, joint ventures and strategic alliances in place outside of the U.S. and Canada, which may be affected if more countries legalize cannabis. Increased international competition and limitations placed on us by Canadian regulations might lower the demand for our products on a global scale. We also face competition in each jurisdiction outside of the U.S. and Canada where we have subsidiaries, investments, joint ventures and strategic alliances with local companies that have more experience, more in-depth knowledge of local markets or applicable laws, regulations and guidelines or longer operating histories in such jurisdictions. 
 We are subject to certain restrictions of the TSX and Nasdaq, which may constrain our ability to expand our business internationally. 
 Our common shares are listed on the TSX and Nasdaq. We must comply with the TSX and Nasdaq requirements or guidelines when conducting business. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 On October 16, 2017, the TSX provided clarity regarding the application of Section 306 (Minimum Listing Requirements), Section 325 (Management) and Part VII (Halting of Trading, Suspension and Delisting of Securities) of the TSX Company Manual (collectively, the Requirements to TSX-listed issuers with business activities in the cannabis sector. In TSX Staff Notice 2017- 0009, the TSX notes that issuers with ongoing business activities that violate U.S. federal law regarding U.S. Schedule I cannabis are not in compliance with the Requirements. The TSX reminded issuers that, among other things, should the TSX find that a listed issuer is engaging in activities contrary to the Requirements, the TSX has the discretion to initiate a delisting review. Although we do not conduct any operations in the U.S. with respect to U.S. Schedule I cannabis, failure to comply with the Requirements could result in a delisting of our common shares from the TSX or the denial of an application for certain approvals, such as to have additional securities listed on the TSX, which could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common shares and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 While Nasdaq has not issued official rules specific to the cannabis or U.S. hemp industry, stock exchanges in the U.S., including Nasdaq, have historically refused to list certain U.S. Schedule I cannabis related businesses, including U.S. Schedule I cannabis retailers, that operate primarily in the U.S. Failure to comply with any requirements imposed by Nasdaq could result in the delisting of our common shares from Nasdaq or denial of any application to have additional securities listed on Nasdaq which could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common shares. 
 We are constrained by law in our ability to market and advertise our products. 
 Our marketing and advertising are subject to regulation by various regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions we operate. In Canada, the development of our business and related results of operations may be hindered by applicable regulatory restrictions on sales and marketing activities. For example, the regulatory environment in Canada limits our ability to compete for market share in a manner similar to other industries. Furthermore, the applicable regulatory restrictions on sales and marketing activities are not always clear, may be subject to interpretation and have in the past, and may in the future, be interpreted or applied inconsistently by the applicable Canadian regulatory agencies, which have broad interpretative and enforcement discretion with respect to such activities. This may result in such restrictions on sales and marketing activities being interpreted unfavorably by a regulatory agency against some market participants, including us, but not others. Furthermore, if our competitors fail to comply with applicable laws relating to sales and marketing activities with which we comply, and regulatory agencies delay or do not take enforcement action against such competitors, or take sporadic enforcement action, our ability to compete for market share and our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we are unable to effectively market our products and compete for market share in Canada, or if the costs of compliance with government legislation and regulation cannot be absorbed through increased selling prices for our products, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. See Business Regulatory Framework in Canada. 
 In the U.S., our advertising is subject to regulation by the FTC under the Federal Trade Commission Act as well as the FDA under the FFDCA, including as amended by the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994, and by state agencies under analogous and similar state and local laws and regulations. In recent years, the FTC, the FDA and state agencies have initiated numerous investigations of food and dietary supplement products both because of their CBD and/or cannabinoid content and based on allegedly deceptive or misleading marketing claims and have, on occasion, issued Warning Letters or instituted enforcement actions due to such claims. Some U.S. states also permit content, advertising and labeling laws and regulations to be enforced by state attorneys general, who may seek civil and criminal penalties, relief for consumers, class action certifications, class wide damages and recalls of products sold by us. There has also been an increase in private litigation that seeks, among other things, relief for consumers, class action certifications, class wide damages and recalls of products. We have been subject to such litigation and may be subject to additional private class action litigation. Any actions against us by governmental authorities or private litigants could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to U.S. Regulation and Compliance 
 We are subject to uncertainty regarding the legal and regulatory status of U.S. hemp, including with respect to U.S. federal and state implementation of the 2018 Farm Bill and related laws and regulations, including the FFDCA, and the interpretation or application of, or changes to, such laws and regulations may have material and adverse effects on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. 
 On December 20, 2018, the 2018 Farm Bill was signed into law. The 2018 Farm Bill, among other things, removes hemp (which we refer to as U.S. hemp in this Annual Report, defined as the plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of that plant, including the seeds thereof and all derivatives, extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers, whether growing or not, with a THC concentration of not more than 0.3 on a dry weight basis and its derivatives) from the U.S. federal Controlled Substances Act and amends the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to permit the production and sale of U.S. hemp in the U.S. The 2018 Farm Bill tasked the USDA with promulgating regulations in relation to the cultivation and production of U.S. hemp. The 2018 Farm Bill also directed the USDA to promulgate federal regulations that would apply to the production of U.S. hemp in every state which does not put forth a state U.S. hemp plan for approval by the USDA, for which the USDA has issued final rules. Beginning in January 2024, the USDA will require hemp producers to use a laboratory that is registered with the DEA for analytical testing of hemp plants. The USDA rules also include provisions for producers to dispose of or remediate violative hemp plants without the use of a DEA-registered reverse distributor or law enforcement. Various states have applied and are in the process of applying to the USDA for approval of their U.S. hemp production regulations which impose different levels of regulation and costs on the production of U.S. hemp, and many such state plans have been approved by the USDA. The 2018 Farm Bill provides that its provisions do not preempt or limit state laws that regulate the production of U.S. hemp. Accordingly, some states may choose to restrict or prohibit some or all U.S. hemp production or sales within the state, and variances in states laws and regulations on U.S. hemp are likely to persist. Further, each state has discretion to develop and implement its own laws and regulations governing the manufacturing, marketing, labeling, and sale of U.S. hemp products, which has created a patchwork of different regulatory schemes applicable to such products. 
 The FDA or particular states may ultimately prohibit the sale of some or all dietary supplements or conventional foods containing U.S. hemp and U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids, and we may be required to submit a New Dietary Ingredient notification to the FDA, which may not be accepted without objection. 
 Under the 2018 Farm Bill, the FDA has retained authority over the FFDCA-regulated products (e.g., drugs (human and animal), food (human and animal), dietary supplements and cosmetics) containing U.S. hemp and U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD. The FDA has consistently taken the position that CBD, whether derived from U.S. hemp or U.S. Schedule I cannabis, is prohibited from use as an ingredient in food and dietary supplements. This stems from its interpretation of the exclusionary clauses in the FFDCA because CBD is the active ingredient in a drug that has been approved as a prescription drug and is the subject of substantial clinical investigations as a drug, which have been made public. The exclusionary clauses under the FFDCA provide that a substance that has been approved or has been subject to substantial clinical investigations as a drug may not be used in a food or dietary supplement, unless the substance was first marketed in a food or dietary supplement prior to the initiation of substantial clinical investigations of the substance as a drug. 
 To date, the FDA has not issued regulations that elaborate on the exclusionary clauses, and the FDA has not taken any enforcement action in the courts asserting a violation of the exclusionary clauses due to the marketing of U.S. hemp, U.S. hemp extracts, CBD or other cannabinoids. Additionally, on January 26, 2023, the FDA stated its views publicly that a new regulatory pathway for CBD is needed and it is prepared to work with Congress to create such a pathway. To date, the FDA has issued several Warning Letters to companies unlawfully marketing CBD products. In many of these cases, the manufacturer made unsubstantiated claims about the product being able to treat medical conditions (e.g., cancer, Alzheimer s disease, opioid withdrawal, anxiety and COVID-19) and had not obtained drug approvals. Some of these letters were co-signed with the FTC and cited the companies for making claims about the efficacy of CBD or other ingredients which were not substantiated by competent and reliable scientific evidence. In December 2020, the FTC announced it had entered into settlement agreements with six companies marketing CBD products including oils, gummies, creams, and others with deceptive health claims about serious health conditions. The settlements included monetary penalties ranging from 20,000 to 85,000. The FTC announced another CBD enforcement action and settlement in May 2021, ordering more than 30,000 in consumer redress. The FDA has also issued a Warning Letter to at least one dietary supplement manufacturer for a number of violations observed during an inspection, including manufacturing CBD supplements in a licensed facility. In November 2022, the FDA issued Warning Letters to five additional companies selling CBD-products in forms that the FDA asserted are appealing to children, including gummies, hard candies and cookies. These letters also outlined additional violations of the FFDCA including that several of the companies made claims that CBD-containing products cure, mitigate, treat or prevent various diseases or were added to animal foods. 
 Until the FDA formally adopts regulations with respect to CBD or other U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid products or announces an official position with respect to CBD or other U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoid products, there is a risk that the FDA could take enforcement action (e.g., a Warning Letter, seizure, or injunction) against the Company in respect of its U.S. hemp-derived products sold in the U.S. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Moreover, states have retained regulatory authority through their own analogues to the FFDCA, and the states may diverge from the federal treatment of the use of U.S. hemp as, or in, food, dietary supplements or cosmetic products. The FDA or applicable states (under their CSA or FFDCA analogues) may ultimately not permit the sale of non-pharmaceutical products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Even if the exclusionary clause issue discussed above is resolved in a manner favorable to us, we could be required to submit a NDIN to the FDA with respect to U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids we intend to include in our products, used in dietary supplement products. This could depend on whether we can establish that a particular ingredient was marketed as a dietary ingredient in a dietary supplement prior to October 15, 1994 or is otherwise currently in the food supply in the same chemical form as used in our dietary supplement products. If the FDA objects to our NDIN, this could prevent us from producing, marketing and selling ingestible U.S. hemp products which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such an NDIN submitted by one of our competitors was objected to by the FDA in August 2021. 
 The FDA or particular U.S. states may seek to regulate our cosmetic products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids, as drugs, medical devices, or drug-device combination products. 
 The FDA may seek to regulate our cosmetic products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids, under its authorities for medical products (i.e., drugs, medical devices, or drug-device combination products). Specifically, the agency could assert that our lotions, oils, balms and creams are intended for use in diagnosing, treating, mitigating or preventing disease or for use in affecting the structure or any function of the body. In making classification decisions, the agency considers a wide variety of factors to determine a product s intended use; indeed, the FDA has sometimes asserted that a product qualifies as a drug based solely on the presence of an ingredient widely understood to have drug effects, even in the absence of express claims about them. Though we do not market our lotions, oils, balms and creams as drugs for use in the treatment of diseases or their symptoms, the FDA could still assert that the products are intended for use as drugs, including based on the understood or presumed physical effects of topically administered cannabinoids. Thus, we may not have the ability to successfully respond to such allegations simply by modifying labeling or advertising claims. Ultimately, if the FDA asserts one of its medical product authorities over our lotion, oil, balm and cream products, and we cannot or elect not to comply with the onerous regulatory requirements applicable to the asserted medical product category (e.g., drug), we could be prevented from producing, marketing and selling cosmetic products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD or other cannabinoids. In addition, states may similarly seek to regulate our cosmetic products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids, as medical products (i.e., drugs, medical devices, or drug-device combination products) under state analogues to the FFDCA or otherwise. States have also considered and established additional restrictions on, or requirements for, the marketing of cosmetic products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients. If states assert their medical product authorities over our cosmetic products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD or other cannabinoids, in a manner that we cannot address simply by modifying labeling or advertising claims, and we cannot or elect not to comply with the onerous regulatory requirements applicable to the asserted medical product category (e.g., drug), we could be prevented from producing, marketing and selling cosmetic products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids. Likewise, if states enforce or adopt regulatory interpretations or restrictions that limit our ability to market our cosmetic products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids, in such states, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. 
 Recent U.S. legislation granting the FDA additional authority to regulate cosmetics products imposes additional requirements relating to the manufacture, labeling, safety reporting, recordkeeping, and other aspects of cosmetics products. Compliance with these additional requirements will be complex and we may need significant additional resources to comply with these new requirements. 
 On December 29, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Modernization of Cosmetics Regulation Act of 2022, which significantly expands FDA s enforcement authorities over cosmetics products and imposes new obligations on the cosmetics industry, including requirements relating to GMP, labeling, safety substantiation, facility registration and product listing with the FDA, adverse event reporting and recordkeeping, among others. Under the new legislation, the FDA is required over the next several years to issue additional regulations and reports to clarify requirements. Most enforcement of requirements under the new legislation will not go into effect until a year or later from the date of enactment; however, we expect that regulation of our cosmetic products in the U.S. will become increasingly complex, and compliance with regulatory requirements may take significant additional resources. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The DEA could take enforcement action against us or other participants in the U.S. hemp industry. 
 There is substantial uncertainty concerning the legal status of U.S. hemp and U.S. hemp products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids. The status of products derived from the cannabis or hemp plant, under both federal and state law can depend on the THC content of the plant or derivative (including whether the plant meets the statutory definition of industrial hemp or hemp ), the part of the plant from which an individual or entity produces the derivative (including whether the plant meets the statutory definition of marihuana under the CSA), the THC concentration during the manufacturing process, whether the cultivator, processor, manufacturer or product marketer engages in cannabis-related activities for research versus purely commercial purposes, as well as the form and intended use of the product. The mere presence of a cannabinoid (such as CBD) is not dispositive as to whether the product is legal or illegal. Under U.S. federal law, products containing CBD may be unlawful if derived from U.S. Schedule I cannabis (including hemp with a concentration greater than 0.3 THC on a dry weight basis), or if derived from U.S. hemp grown outside the parameters of an approved U.S. hemp pilot program or U.S. hemp cultivated in violation of the 2018 Farm Bill. Even after enactment of the 2018 Farm Bill, the DEA may not treat all products containing U.S. hemp-derived ingredients, including CBD and other cannabinoids, as exempt from the CSA. In September 2020, the DEA issued an interim final rule that purported to align the DEA s regulations with the statutory changes to the CSA made effective by the 2018 Farm Bill. The DEA received a number of comments objecting to the interim final rule, and the interim final rule has been the subject of litigation. However, the litigation was dismissed by the D.C. Circuit Court in June 2022. If the DEA takes action against us or other participants in the U.S. hemp industry, this could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. 
 There is continuing uncertainty regarding the FDA s potential position on CBG and other cannabinoids. 
 CBG is a cannabinoid that can be lawfully derived from U.S. hemp and the Company has begun and plans to continue developing products with CBG and other rare cannabinoids (i.e., cannabinoids other than THC and CBD). The 2018 Farm Bill preserved the FDA s authority over U.S. hemp-derived consumer products and to date, the FDA has provided no guidance as to how cannabinoids other than CBD will be regulated under the FFDCA. Future regulatory changes or enforcement actions by the FDA, with respect to CBG or other U.S. hemp-derived cannabinoids, could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 Risks Relating to Competition 
 The markets in which we operate are increasingly competitive, and we may compete for market share with other companies, both domestically and internationally, that may have longer operating histories and more financial resources, manufacturing and marketing experience than us. 
 The markets for cannabis and U.S. hemp are competitive and evolving and we face strong competition from both existing and emerging companies that offer similar products. Some of our current and potential competitors may have longer operating histories, greater financial, marketing and other resources and larger customer bases than we have. In addition, there is potential that the cannabis and U.S. hemp industries will undergo consolidation, creating larger companies with financial resources, manufacturing and marketing capabilities and product offerings that are greater than ours. As a result of this competition, we may be unable to maintain our operations or develop them as currently proposed on terms we consider acceptable, or at all. Increased competition by larger, better-financed competitors with geographic advantages could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Given the rapid changes affecting global, national and regional economies generally, and the U.S. hemp industry in particular, we may not be able to create and maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Our success will depend on our ability to respond to, among other things, changes in the economy, regulatory conditions, market conditions and competitive pressures. Any failure by us to anticipate or respond adequately to such changes could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. 
 In Canada, the number of licenses granted by Health Canada could also have an impact on our operations. We expect to face additional competition from new market entrants that are granted licenses under the Cannabis Act or existing license holders which are not yet active in the industry. If a significant number of new licenses are granted by Health Canada in the near term, we may experience increased competition for market share and may experience downward price pressure on our products as new entrants increase production. If the number of users of cannabis in Canada increases, the demand for products will increase and we expect that competition will become more intense, as current and future competitors begin to offer an increasing number of diversified products. To remain competitive, we will require a continued high level of investment in R D, sales and customer support. We may not have sufficient resources to maintain R D, sales and customer support efforts on a competitive basis which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the Canadian federal authorization of home cultivation, outdoor grow, and the easing of other barriers to entry to the Canadian adult-use cannabis market, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 In the U.S., the number of competitors in the U.S. hemp industry has increased significantly in recent years and is expected to continue to increase, which could negatively impact our market share and demand for our products. Additionally, if the U.S. takes steps to legalize U.S. Schedule I cannabis, the impact of such a development could result in new entrants into the market and increased levels of competition. 
 We face competition from the illegal cannabis market. 
 We face competition from illegal market operators that are unlicensed and unregulated. As these illegal market participants do not comply with the regulations governing the cannabis industry, their operations may also have significantly lower costs and they may be able to sell products with significantly higher cannabinoid potencies or which include ingredients that are prohibited by law. The perpetuation of the illegal market for cannabis may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition as well as the perception of cannabis use. 
 We have been and may in the future be required to write down inventory due to downward pressure on market prices, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. 
 At the end of each reporting period, management performs an assessment of inventory obsolescence, prices and demand to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. We also consider factors such as slow-moving or non-marketable products in our determination of obsolescence. As a result of this assessment, inventory write-downs may occur from period to period. Due to continued pricing pressures in the Canadian marketplace, we may incur further inventory write-downs in the future. We have had a series of inventory write-downs due to price compression in the cannabis market. We expect these write-downs to continue as pricing pressures remain elevated. These inventory write-downs have in the past and may in the future materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 
 We may be unable to attract or retain skilled labor and personnel with experience in the cannabis or U.S. hemp sector and may be unable to attract, develop and retain additional employees required for our operations and future developments. 
 We may be unable to attract or retain employees with sufficient experience in the cannabis or U.S. hemp industry, and may prove unable to attract, develop and retain additional employees required for our development and future success. 
 Our success is currently largely dependent on the performance of our skilled employees. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. In 2022, we announced a Realignment to, among other things, centralize functions under common leadership to increase efficient distribution of resources, optimize collaboration and strategic alignment and eliminate duplication of roles and costs, including a reduction in headcount impacting a number of employees. The Realignment could lead to increased attrition amongst those employees who were not directly affected by the reduction in headcount, and we may not be successful at retaining such employees or attracting new employees, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Further, certain shareholders, directors, officers and employees in our Canadian operations may require security clearance from Health Canada or require analogous clearance by various provincial agencies. Under the Cannabis Act, a security clearance cannot be valid for more than five years and must be renewed before the expiry of a current security clearance. There is no assurance that any of our existing personnel who presently or may in the future require a security clearance will be able to obtain or renew such clearances or that new personnel who require a security clearance will be able to obtain one. A failure by any of our existing personnel to maintain or renew his or her security clearance may impair our business operations. In addition, if an employee with security clearance leaves and we are unable to find a suitable replacement who has a security clearance required by the Cannabis Act in a timely manner, or at all, there could occur a material adverse effect on our business operations. Similar risks and potential effects apply to analogous security clearances required by various provincial agencies. 
 Risks Relating to the Altria Investment 
 Altria has significant influence over us following closing of the Altria Investment. 
 Altria is our single largest shareholder. As of December 31, 2022, Altria beneficially owned approximately 41 of our issued and outstanding common shares (calculated on a non-diluted basis). In light of such ownership, Altria is in a position to exercise significant influence over matters affecting shareholders or requiring shareholder approval, including the election of the Board, amendments to our articles and the determination of significant corporate actions. In addition, pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, Altria has certain rights, including the right to nominate a specified number of directors to the Board, approval rights over certain Company actions and pre-emptive and top-up rights entitling Altria to maintain its pro rata beneficial ownership in us. Further, as of the date hereof, four of the seven directors on the Board are Altria Nominees. For more information, see Business -Altria Strategic Investment Investor Rights Agreement . 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Accordingly, Altria currently has significant influence over us. There can be no assurance that Altria s interests will align with our interests or the interests of other shareholders. In addition, such influence could limit the price that an acquirer might be willing to pay in the future for our common shares and it may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us, such as a merger or take-over. 
 We have discretion in the use of net proceeds from the Altria Investment and may not use them effectively. 
 Under the Subscription Agreement, we have discretion in the use of net proceeds from the Altria Investment, subject to our obligation to consult with Altria, in certain circumstances, seek the approval of Altria (such approval not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed) and certain other limitations regarding the use of net proceeds set forth in the Subscription Agreement. Accordingly, shareholders may not agree with the manner in which management chooses to allocate and spend the net proceeds. Our failure to apply the funds effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have cash on hand, including short-term investments, of approximately 878 million as of December 31, 2022. There can be no assurance that we will be able to deploy the available cash in an effective manner that is accretive to us, or at all. Until such time as we are able to deploy the cash available to us, we anticipate holding the net proceeds as cash balances in our bank accounts, investing in certificates of deposit and other instruments issued by banks or obligations of or guaranteed by the Government of Canada or any province thereof, or investing in U.S. Treasury securities or other obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government, its agencies or instrumentalities. Based on the level of current interest rates, we will not earn any material revenue from such invested cash. 
 We may not realize the benefits of our strategic partnership with Altria, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We believe that the strategic partnership between us and Altria provides us with additional financial resources, product development and commercialization capabilities, and deep regulatory expertise to better position us to compete, scale and lead the rapidly growing global cannabis industry. We believe that the growth opportunities for us are significant and could extend across the globe as new markets open. With Altria s resources, we expect to be even better positioned to support cannabinoid innovation, create differentiated products and brands across medical and adult-use categories and expand our global footprint and growing production capacity. Nevertheless, a number of risks and uncertainties are associated with the expansion into such markets and the pursuit of these other growth opportunities. The successful implementation of the Altria Investment is critical to our growth and capital position. The failure to successfully implement or reap the anticipated benefits of Altria s resources and expertise to realize growth and expansion opportunities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Altria s significant interest in us may impact the liquidity of our common shares. 
 Our common shares may be less liquid and trade at a discount relative to the trading that could occur in circumstances where Altria did not have the ability to significantly influence or determine matters affecting us. Additionally, Altria s significant voting interest in us may discourage transactions involving a change of control of us, including transactions in which an investor, as a shareholder, might otherwise receive a premium for its common shares over the then-current market price. 
 Future sales of our common shares by Altria could cause the market price for our common shares to fall. 
 Sales of a substantial number of our common shares by Altria could occur at any time. Such sales, or the market perception of such sales, could significantly reduce the market price of our common shares. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that future public sales of our common shares beneficially owned by Altria or the availability of these common shares for sale will have on the market price of our common shares. If the market price of our common shares were to drop as a result, this might impede our ability to raise additional capital and might cause a significant decline in the value of the investments of our other shareholders. 
 The intentions of Altria regarding its long-term economic ownership of our common shares are subject to change as a result of changes in the circumstances of Altria or its affiliates, changes in our management and operation and changes in laws and regulations, market conditions and our financial performance. 
 Conflicts of interest may arise between us and our directors and officers, including as a result of the continuing involvement of certain of our directors with Altria and its affiliates. 
 We may be subject to various potential conflicts of interest because of the fact that some of our directors and officers may be engaged in a range of business activities, or have relationships with or are employed by Altria. One of our directors, Jason Adler, is the co-founder and Managing Member of Gotham Green Partners, a private equity firm focused primarily on early-stage investing in companies in the cannabis industry, and Michael Gorenstein, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, is a co-founder and non-managing Member of Gotham Green Partners. Three of our directors, Jody Begley, Murray Garnick and Heather Newman, are employed by Altria as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy, respectively. As a result of these relationships, conflicts of interests may arise between us and them, as described below. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 We may also become involved in other transactions that are inconsistent or conflict with the interests of our directors and officers, and/or our directors and officers may have interests in persons, firms, institutions, corporations or transactions that are inconsistent or in conflict with our interests and those of our shareholders. In addition, from time to time, Gotham Green Partners or Altria may be competing with us for available investment opportunities. Conflicts of interest, if any, will be subject to the procedures and remedies provided under applicable laws and regulations. In particular, in the event that such a conflict of interest arises at a meeting of our directors, a director who has such a conflict will abstain from voting for or against the approval of the transaction and may recuse himself or herself from any related discussion or deliberation. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, our directors are required to act honestly, in good faith and in our best interests. 
 Risks Relating to Our Common Shares 
 It is not anticipated that any dividend will be paid to holders of our common shares for the foreseeable future. 
 No dividends on our common shares have been paid to date. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, for future operation and expansion. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, financial results, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. Any changes to our policy with respect to the declaration and payment of any dividends requires Altria s approval. As a result, investors may not receive any return on an investment in our common shares unless they sell their shares for a price greater than that which such investors paid for them. 
 The market price for our common shares may be volatile and subject to fluctuation in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 The market price for our common shares may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to many factors, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 
 changes in estimates of our future results of operations by us or securities research analysts; 
 changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 additions or departures of our executive officers and other key personnel; 
 our restating financial results twice in the last four years; 
 sales of additional common shares or the perception in the market that such sales might occur; 
 significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, investments, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving us or our competitors; 
 increases in speculative trading activity by investors targeting publicly traded cannabis companies, which can further contribute to the volatility of the market price for our common shares if aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of our common shares available for purchase; 
 news reports relating to trends, concerns or competitive developments, regulatory changes or enforcement actions and other related issues in our industry or target markets; 
 the prospect of actual or perceived future changes to the legal and regulatory regimes that govern our products and our industries; 
 investors general perception of us and the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC and Canadian securities regulators; 
 our failure to timely file our public filings with the SEC and Canadian securities regulators; 
 our failure to comply with the Nasdaq and TSX rules and potential trading halts or delisting notices; 
 reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions, and market rumors or speculation; and 
 negative announcements by our customers, competitors or suppliers regarding their own performance. 
 For example, reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions, market rumors or speculation could trigger a sell-off in our common shares. Any sales of substantial numbers of our common shares in the public market or the perception that such sales might occur may cause the market price of our common shares to decline. In addition, to the extent that other large companies within our industries experience declines in their stock price, the price of our common shares may decline as well. Moreover, if the market price of our common shares drops significantly, shareholders may institute securities class action lawsuits against us. Lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of our management and other resources. 
 Securities markets continue to experience significant price and volume fluctuations that have, in some cases, been unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of public companies. Accordingly, the market price of our common shares may decline even if our results of operations, underlying asset values or prospects have not changed. In addition, certain institutional investors may base their investment decisions on consideration of our environmental, governance, diversity and social practices and performance against such institutions respective investment guidelines and criteria, and failure to meet such criteria may result in limited or no investment in our common shares by those institutions, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common shares. There can be no assurance that continuing fluctuations in price and volume will not occur. If such increased levels of volatility and market turmoil continue, the trading price of the common shares may be adversely affected. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Securities class action litigation often has been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. We have been the target of such litigation and may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Regardless of merit, such litigation could result in substantial costs and damages and divert management s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. Any adverse determination in litigation against us could also subject us to significant liabilities. 
 We may require additional capital in the future or be required to issue common shares pursuant to certain of our agreements, which may dilute holders of our securities. 
 We may be required to issue additional common shares pursuant to the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. Pursuant to the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, upon Ginkgo s demonstration that the microorganisms they develop are capable of producing certain target cannabinoids above a minimum productivity level, we will issue to Ginkgo up to approximately 14.7 million common shares in the aggregate. To date, we have issued approximately 7.1 million common shares to Ginkgo in respect of certain Equity Milestone Events that have occurred. Additional tranches of common shares will be issued if and when additional Equity Milestone Events are reached. The issuance of such common shares, if any, would dilute holders of our common shares. In addition, Altria has pre-emptive rights to subscribe for additional common shares in us following any issuances we make to Ginkgo pursuant to the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, and the issuance of such common shares, if any, would further dilute holders of our common shares. 
 Holders of common shares will have no pre-emptive rights in connection with such further issuances. Our Board has the discretion to determine if an issuance of common shares is warranted, the price at which such issuance is effected and the other terms of issue of common shares. Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity will dilute the percentage of ownership of holders of our common shares. Capital raised through debt financing would require us to make periodic interest payments and may impose restrictive covenants on the conduct of our business. 
 A substantial number of our securities are owned by a limited number of existing shareholders. 
 Our management, directors and employees own a substantial number of our outstanding common shares (on a fully diluted basis). In addition, as of December 31, 2022, Altria beneficially owned approximately 41 of our outstanding common shares (calculated on a non-diluted basis). As such, our management, directors and employees, as a group, and Altria each are in a position to exercise significant influence over matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and the determination of significant corporate actions. In addition, these shareholders could delay or prevent a change in control that could otherwise be beneficial to holders of common shares. 
 Investors in the U.S. may have difficulty bringing actions and enforcing judgments against us and others based on securities law civil liability provisions. 
 We are incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia and our head office is located in the Province of Ontario. Some of our directors and officers and some of the experts named in this Annual Report are residents of Canada or otherwise reside outside of the U.S., and a substantial portion of their assets and our assets are located outside the U.S. Consequently, it may be difficult for investors in the U.S. to bring an action against such directors, officers or experts or to enforce against those persons or us a judgment obtained in a U.S. court predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws or other laws of the U.S. In addition, while statutory provisions exist in British Columbia for derivative actions to be brought in certain circumstances, the circumstances in which a derivative action may be brought, and the procedures and defenses that may be available in respect of any such action, may be different than those of shareholders of a company incorporated in the U.S. 
 If we are a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes in any year, certain adverse tax rules could apply to U.S. holders of our common shares. 
 We will be classified as a passive foreign investment company PFIC for any taxable year for U.S. federal income tax purposes if for a taxable year, (i) 75 or more of our gross income is passive income, or (ii) 50 or more of the value of our assets either produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income, based on the quarterly average of the fair market value of such assets. The determination of PFIC status depends on interpretive rules and computational conventions that are often unclear. In particular, in making our determination, we are relying on the application of certain look-through rules, taking into account certain intercompany items. There is, however, no direct legal authority applying these look-through rules to our particular situation (including to what extent, they apply to intercompany items). Likewise, in light of the volatility of our common share price, we intend to take the position that the spot trading price of our stock at each quarter end, as adjusted by liabilities, does not dictate the determination of the fair market value of our assets. Based on current business plans and financial expectations, an independent valuation report in respect of our assets, and the application of certain look-through rules (including the taking into account of certain intercompany items), we do not expect to be a PFIC for the taxable year ending December 31, 2023. However, PFIC status is determined annually and depends upon the composition of our gross income and assets, both of which are subject to change. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service IRS or a court will agree with our interpretation of fair market value or its computation, or with our interpretation of the PFIC rules (including the look-through rules and the scope of their application, including in respect of intercompany items). Therefore, there can be no assurance as to our PFIC status for the current taxable year or for future taxable years, nor any assurance that the IRS or a court will agree with our determination of our PFIC status. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common shares depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common shares or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the trading price of our common shares would likely decline. In addition, if our results of operations fail to meet the forecasts of analysts, the trading price of our common shares would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common shares could decrease, which might cause our trading price and trading volume to decline. 
 General Risks 
 We are dependent on our senior management. 
 Our success is dependent upon the ability, expertise, judgment, discretion and good faith of our senior management. While employment agreements are customarily used as a primary method of retaining the services of key employees, these agreements cannot assure the continued services of our senior management team. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. The loss of the services of a member of senior management, or an inability to attract other suitably qualified persons when needed, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to execute on our business plan and strategy, and we may be unable to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. We do not maintain key-person insurance on the lives of any of our officers or employees. 
 We will seek to maintain adequate insurance coverage in respect of the risks we face; however, insurance premiums for such insurance may not continue to be commercially justifiable, and there may be coverage limitations and other exclusions which may not be sufficient to cover our potential liabilities. 
 We have insurance to protect our assets, operations and employees. While we believe our insurance coverage addresses all material risks to which we are exposed in our current state of operations, such insurance is subject to deductibles, coverage limits and exclusions and may not be available or adequate for the risks and hazards to which we are exposed. For example, certain wholesalers, distributors, retailers and other service providers may require suppliers of U.S. hemp products to provide an indemnification from liability in connection with such products, which may not be covered by insurance. In addition, no assurance can be given that such insurance will be adequate to cover our liabilities or will be generally available in the future or, if available, that premiums and deductibles will be commercially justifiable. If we were to incur substantial liability claims and such damages were not covered by insurance or were in excess of policy limits, or if we were to incur such liability at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, our insurers have in the past and may in the future deny us coverage, whether or not such denial is with merit, and we have in the past and may in the future need to commence litigation against such insurers, which could be time consuming and expensive and divert significant management resources, with no assurance that we will be successful in any resulting proceedings. 
 Tax and accounting requirements may be interpreted or changed in ways that are complex and not necessarily anticipated by us, and we may face difficulty or be unable to implement and/or comply with any such interpretations or changes. 
 We are subject to numerous tax and accounting requirements, and changes in existing accounting or taxation rules or practices, or varying interpretations of current rules or practices, could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results, the manner in which we conduct our business or the marketability of any of our products. In many countries, including the U.S., we are subject to transfer pricing and other tax regulations designed to ensure that appropriate levels of income are reported as earned and are taxed accordingly. Although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with all applicable regulations and restrictions, we are subject to the risk that governmental authorities could audit our transfer pricing and related practices and assert that additional taxes are owed or that various jurisdictions could assert that we should file tax returns in jurisdictions where we do not file and subject us to additional tax. In the future, the geographic scope of our business may expand, and such expansion will require us to comply with the tax laws and regulations of additional jurisdictions. Requirements as to taxation vary substantially among jurisdictions. Complying with the tax laws and regulations of these jurisdictions can be time consuming and expensive and could potentially subject us to penalties and fees in the future if we failed to comply. In the event that we failed to comply with applicable tax laws and regulations, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business and results of operations have been adversely affected and will likely continue to be materially adversely impacted by the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has in the past, and could in the future, severely restrict the level of economic activity around the world and in all countries in which we or our affiliates, investments and joint ventures operate (including the U.S., Canada, and Israel). In response to the COVID-19 pandemic the governments of many countries, states, provinces, municipalities, and other geographic regions took preventative or protective actions, such as imposing restrictions on travel and business operations, ordering temporary closures of businesses and advising or requiring individuals to limit or forego their time outside of their homes. Although many preventative or protective actions have been eased or lifted in varying degrees by different governments of various countries, states and municipalities, the situation remains dynamic and subject to rapid and possibly material changes. Notwithstanding widespread 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 vaccine availability within Canada, the U.S. and Israel, the emergence of COVID-19 variants and slowing vaccination rates in certain localities have resulted in increased infection rates and has caused, and may continue to cause, several jurisdictions to reinstitute certain COVID-19 restrictions. Additional waves of increased COVID-19 infections as well as COVID-19 related restrictions imposed by various governmental authorities (including, for example, requirements to show proof of vaccination), could negatively impact our supply chain, as well as traffic and sales volume for retailers offering the Company s products, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Further effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and any emerging COVID-19 variants could include closures of our or our joint ventures facilities or the facilities of our suppliers and other vendors in our supply chain and other preventive and protective measures in our supply chain. If the pandemic persists, including if and when new variants of the virus emerge, closures or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations of our joint ventures, third party manufacturers, suppliers or vendors could disrupt our supply chain. We have experienced minor delays in shipping and the increased global demand on shipping and transport services, in addition to customs and border control policies put in place in response to COVID-19 that require shipments to undergo quarantine periods, may cause us to experience delays or increased costs in the future which could impact our ability to obtain materials or deliver our products in a timely manner, could otherwise disrupt our operations and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and the extent of its effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including the duration, scope and severity of the pandemic, the development and availability of effective treatments and vaccines, further actions taken by governments and other third parties to contain or mitigate its impact, the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and related containment measures, and new information that will emerge concerning the severity and impact of COVID-19 and new variants of the virus, among others. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, our businesses could also be negatively impacted should the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic lead to changes in consumer behavior, including as a result of a decline in the level of vaping or demand for inhalable products in light of certain recent published articles and studies on the potential increased susceptibility of individuals who smoke or vaporize nicotine or cannabis to COVID-19, in light of changes in consumer behavior such as reduced spending on certain product formats historically used in shared experiences such as pre-rolls or in reductions in discretionary spending. 
 Natural disasters, unusual weather, pandemic outbreaks, boycotts and geo-political events or acts of terrorism could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 
 The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods and earthquakes, unusually adverse weather, pandemic outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 virus, influenza and other highly communicable diseases or viruses, boycotts and geo-political events, such as civil unrest in countries in which our or our joint ventures operations are located and acts of terrorism, or similar disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These events could result in physical damage to one or more of our or our joint ventures properties, increases in fuel or other energy prices, the temporary or permanent closure of one or more of our or our joint ventures facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate workforce in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods, delay in the delivery of goods to our or our joint ventures facilities, and disruption to our information systems. Such events could also negatively impact consumer sentiment, reduce demand for consumer products like ours and cause general economic slowdown. 
 Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks. 
 We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, Nasdaq and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity. In addition, increasingly regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing on environmental, social and governance ESG matters and related disclosures. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. For example, developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of ESG, and collecting, measuring and reporting ESG related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards, including the SEC s recently proposed climate-related reporting requirements, and similar proposals by other international regulatory bodies. We may also communicate certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, responsible sourcing and social investments and other ESG related matters, in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals within the scope of ESG could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Further, statements about our ESG related initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. If our ESG-related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our initiatives or goals within the scope of ESG on a timely basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Climate change may disrupt our business and our efforts to address concerns relating to climate change could result in damage to our reputation. 
 Our business and that of our joint venture partners involves the growing of cannabis, an agricultural product, and adverse weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the agricultural industry and consequently in operating results by causing crop failures or significantly reduced harvests, which may negatively affect the supply and pricing of agricultural commodities, such as cannabis. Additionally, the potential physical impacts of climate change are uncertain and may vary by region. These potential effects could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels that could adversely impact our costs and business operations, the location, costs, and competitiveness of cannabis production and related storage and processing facilities and the supply of cannabis. 
 We are also exposed to risks resulting from changes in public policy, laws and regulations, or market and public perceptions and preferences in connection with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy. These changes could adversely affect our business, results of operations and reputation. 
 Our financial performance is subject to risks of foreign exchange rate fluctuation, which could result in foreign exchange losses. 
 We may be exposed to fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against certain other currencies, particularly the Canadian dollar, because we publish our financial statements in U.S. dollars, while a significant portion of our assets, liabilities, revenues and costs are or will be denominated in other currencies. Exchange rates for currencies of the countries in which we operate may fluctuate in relation to the U.S. dollar, and such fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on our earnings or assets when translating foreign currency into U.S. dollars. 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by disruptions in the global economy caused by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
 The global economy has been negatively impacted by the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Furthermore, governments in the U.S., Canada, United Kingdom, and European Union have each imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. Although we do not have any customers or direct supplier relationships in Russia or Ukraine, businesses in the United States and globally have experienced shortages in materials and increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw material due in part to the negative impact of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict on the global economy. Further escalation of geopolitical tensions related to the military conflict, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyberattacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine and globally and assessing its potential impact on our business. Although our business has not been, to the date of this Annual Report, materially impacted by the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine, it is impossible to predict the extent to which our operations, or those of our suppliers and vendors, will be impacted in the short and long term, or the ways in which the conflict may impact our business. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but may be substantial. In addition, the effects of the ongoing conflict could heighten any of our known risks described above. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Our executive offices are located in Toronto, Ontario in Canada, where we lease office space. As of December 31, 2022, our Rest of World segment owned various manufacturing facilities in the Canadian provinces of Manitoba and Ontario, and in Hadera, Israel. As of December 31, 2022, our United States segment leased office space and manufacturing facilities in Los Angeles, California. Management believes that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements and, to the extent that our facilities are leased, comparable space is readily available. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 The Company is subject to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business and in connection with its marketing, distribution and sale of its products. Many of these legal proceedings are in the early stages of litigation and seek damages that are unspecified or not quantified. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 these legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial condition but could be material to its results of operations for any particular reporting period depending, in part, on its results for that period. 
 Class action complaints relating to restatement of 2019 interim financial statements 
 On March 11 and 12, 2020, two alleged shareholders of the Company separately filed two putative class action complaints in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York against the Company and its former Chief Executive Officer (now Executive Chairman) and now former Chief Financial Officer. The court has consolidated the cases, and the consolidated amended complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder against all defendants, and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the individual defendants. The consolidated amended complaint generally alleges that certain of the Company s prior public statements about revenues and internal controls were incorrect based on the Company s disclosures relating to the Audit Committee of the Board s review of the appropriateness of revenue recognized in connection with certain bulk resin purchases and sales of products through the wholesale channel. The consolidated amended complaint does not quantify a damage request. Defendants moved to dismiss on February 8, 2021. 
 On June 3, 2020, an alleged shareholder filed a Statement of Claim, as amended on August 12, 2020, in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, seeking, among other things, an order certifying the action as a class action on behalf of a putative class of shareholders and damages of an unspecified amount. The Amended Statement of Claim names (i) the Company, (ii) its former Chief Executive Officer (now Executive Chairman), (iii) now former Chief Financial Officer, (iv) former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Commercial Officer, and (v) current and former members of the Board as defendants and alleges breaches of the Ontario Securities Act, oppression under the Ontario Business Corporations Act and common law misrepresentation. The Amended Statement of Claim generally alleges that certain of the Company s prior public statements about revenues and internal controls were misrepresentations based on the Company s March 2, 2020 disclosure that the Audit Committee of the Board was conducting a review of the appropriateness of revenue recognized in connection with certain bulk resin purchases and sales of products through the wholesale channel, and the Company s subsequent restatement. The Amended Statement of Claim does not quantify a damage request. On June 28, 2021, the Court dismissed motions brought by the plaintiff for leave to commence a claim for misrepresentation under the Ontario Securities Act and for certification of the action as a class action. The plaintiff has appealed the Court s dismissal of the motions only with respect to the Company, the former Chief Executive Officer (now Executive Chairman), and the now former Chief Financial Officer; the remaining defendants were dismissed from the matter with prejudice and the Company and all individual defendants agreed not to seek costs from plaintiff in connection with the dismissal of the motions. On September 26, 2022, the Court of Appeal for Ontario reversed the Superior Court s dismissal of the leave and certification motions, granted the plaintiff leave to proceed to bring a claim for misrepresentation under the Ontario Securities Act, and remitted the certification motion back to the Superior Court. 
 Regulatory reviews relating to restatement 
 The Company previously responded to requests for information from various regulatory authorities relating to its previously disclosed restatement of its financial statements for the first three quarters of 2019 as well as the previously disclosed restatement of the second quarter of 2021 interim financial statements (collectively, the Restatements ). On October 24, 2022, the Company announced settlements with those regulatory authorities as follows: 
 SEC Settlement 
 On October 24, 2022, the SEC issued an Order Instituting Cease-and-Desist Proceedings Pursuant to Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and Section 21(c) of the Exchange Act, Making Findings, and Imposing a Cease-and-Desist Order (the Settlement Order resolving the Restatements. 
 The Company agreed to settle with the SEC, without admitting or denying the allegations described in the Settlement Order. The Settlement Order fully and finally disposes of the investigation of the Company by the SEC into the Restatements without the payment of any civil penalty or other amount. 
 The Settlement Order required the Company to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act, Sections 10(b), 13(a), 13(b)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act and Rules 10b-5, 13a-13, 13a-15(a), 13a-16 and 12b-20 thereunder. Additionally, the Company agreed to certain undertakings, which include, among other things, retaining a qualified independent consultant (the Consultant to engage in a review of, and make recommendations with respect to, certain of the Company s internal accounting controls and internal control over financing reporting. 
 As a result of the Settlement Order, the Company (i) lost its status as a well-known seasoned issuer for a period of three years, (ii) is unable to rely on the private offering exemptions provided by Regulations A and D under the Securities Act for a period of five years and (iii) is unable to rely on the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for a period of three years. 
 Ontario Securities Commission Settlement 
 On October 24, 2022, the Ontario Capital Markets Tribunal approved a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement between the Company and the staff of the Ontario Securities Commission OSC ), resolving the Restatements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, which fully and finally disposes the investigation of the Company by the OSC, Cronos agreed to pay a total of C 1.34 million to fully settle the matter, and acknowledged that it had failed to comply with the requirement under Section 77 of the Securities Act (Ontario) to file interim financial reports in the manner set out therein and had acted in a manner contrary to the public interest. Additionally, the Company agreed to retain the Consultant to engage in a review of, and make recommendations with respect to, certain of the Company s internal accounting controls and internal control over financing reporting, on substantially the same terms as were required by the SEC pursuant the Settlement Order. 
 Litigation relating to marketing, distribution and sale of products 
 On June 16, 2020, an alleged consumer filed a Statement of Claim on behalf of a class in the Court of King s Bench of Alberta in Alberta, Canada, against the Company and other Canadian cannabis manufacturers and/or distributors. On December 4, 2020, a Third Amended Statement of Claim was filed, which added a second alleged consumer. The Third Amended Statement of Claim alleges claims related to the defendants advertised content of cannabinoids in cannabis products for medicinal use on or after June 16, 2010 and cannabis products for adult use on or after October 17, 2018. The Third Amended Statement of Claim seeks a total of C 500 million for breach of contract, compensatory damages, and unjust enrichment or such other amount as may be proven in trial and C 5 million in punitive damages against each defendant, including the Company. The Third Amended Statement of Claim also seeks interest and costs associated with the action. The Company has not responded to the Third Amended Statement of the Claim. On January 31, 2022, upon consent of the Company and the plaintiffs, the court dismissed the case in its entirety as to the Company. 
 A number of claims, including purported class actions, have been brought in the U.S. against companies engaged in the U.S. hemp business alleging, among other things, violations of state consumer protection, health and advertising laws. On April 8, 2020, a putative class action complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against Redwood, alleging violations of California s Unfair Competition Law, False Advertising Law, Consumers Legal Remedies Act, and breaches of the California Commercial Code for breach of express warranties and implied warranty of merchantability with respect to Redwood s marketing and sale of U.S. hemp products. The complaint did not quantify a damage request. On April 10, 2020, the class action complaint was dismissed for certain pleading deficiencies and the plaintiff was granted leave until April 24, 2020 to amend the complaint to establish federal subject matter jurisdiction. On April 28, 2020, the action was dismissed without prejudice for failure to prosecute and for failure to comply with a court order. As of the date of this Annual Report, the plaintiff has not refiled the complaint. 
 We expect litigation and regulatory proceedings relating to the marketing, distribution and sale of our products to increase. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 
 Not applicable. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Our common shares are traded on Nasdaq and the TSX under the symbol CRON. 
 Holders 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were approximately 107 holders of record of our common shares. This number of holders of record does not represent the actual number of beneficial owners of our common shares because shares are frequently held in street name by securities dealers and others for the benefit of individual owners who have the right to vote their shares. 
 Dividends 
 As of the date of this Annual Report, we have not declared any dividends or made any distributions on our common shares. Furthermore, we have no current intention to declare dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future. Any decision to pay dividends on our common shares in the future will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, current and anticipated cash requirements and surplus, financial condition, any future contractual restrictions and financing agreement covenants, our ability to meet solvency tests imposed by corporate law and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information concerning securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans will be set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders or an amendment to this Annual Report to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Persons 
 None. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return of our common shares as listed on Nasdaq with the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and a market-weighted index of publicly traded peers over the 58-month period beginning on February 27, 2018 and ending on December 31, 2022. The new peer group includes Aurora Cannabis Inc., Canopy Growth Corporation, Green Thumb Industries, Inc., HEXO Corporation, Organigram Holdings Inc., Tilray Inc., and Trulieve Cannabis Corp., (the New Peer Group ). The graph assumes that 100 is invested in each of our common shares, the S P 500 Index, and the indices of publicly traded peers on February 27, 2018 and that all dividends, if applicable, were reinvested. Past performance may not be indicative of future performance. 
 The old peer group included Aurora Cannabis Inc., Canopy Growth Corporation, Green Thumb Industries, Inc., HEXO Corporation, iAnthus Capital Holdings Inc., Organigram Holdings Inc., and Tilray Inc. (the Old Peer Group ). iAnthus Capital Holdings Inc. was removed from the New Peer Group and replaced with Trulieve Cannabis Corp. to better align the New Peer Group, as iAnthus Capital Holdings Inc. s share price has fallen to a nominal value. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Date Cronos Group Inc. S P 500 Old Peer Group New Peer Group February 27, 2018 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 March 31, 2018 88.32 97.46 111.22 114.36 June 30, 2018 85.56 100.81 121.53 136.42 September 30, 2018 145.93 108.58 190.41 217.76 December 31, 2018 136.35 93.90 98.39 115.61 March 31, 2019 241.86 106.71 145.34 187.52 June 30, 2019 209.71 111.31 124.13 155.63 September 30, 2019 118.77 113.20 70.99 101.19 December 31, 2019 100.66 123.46 55.09 60.79 March 31, 2020 74.41 99.27 32.45 36.12 June 30, 2020 78.87 119.66 37.99 39.30 September 30, 2020 65.75 130.35 33.33 35.71 December 31, 2020 91.08 146.18 58.43 57.65 March 31, 2021 124.15 155.21 80.99 85.50 June 30, 2021 112.86 168.47 70.52 74.35 September 30, 2021 74.28 169.46 47.25 42.72 December 31, 2021 51.44 188.14 32.67 28.17 March 31, 2022 51.05 179.49 29.70 36.89 June 30, 2022 37.01 150.59 11.66 15.59 September 30, 2022 37.01 143.24 11.13 14.14 December 31, 2022 33.33 154.07 9.00 11.88 
 100 invested on 2/27/18 in stock or 2/28/18 in index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright 2022 Standard Poor s, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Business Overview 
 54 
 Recent Developments 
 55 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 57 
 Summary of financial results ROW 
 61 
 Summary of financial results U.S. 
 62 
 Non-G AAP Measures 
 62 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 67 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 68 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements and related notes, which are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), to enhance the understanding of our operations and our present business environment. 
 This discussion contains Forward-Looking Statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 
 For more information about our operations and the risks facing our business, see Item 1 Business and Item 1A Risk Factors , respectively, of this Annual Report. 
 
 Business Overview 
 Cronos is an innovative global cannabinoid company committed to building disruptive intellectual property by advancing cannabis research, technology and product development. With a passion to responsibly elevate the consumer experience, Cronos is building an iconic brand portfolio. Cronos diverse international brand portfolio includes Spinach , PEACE NATURALS and Lord Jones . 
 Unless otherwise noted or the context indicates otherwise, references in this Annual Report to the Company , Cronos , we , us and our refer to Cronos Group Inc., its direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries and, if applicable, its joint ventures and investments accounted for by the equity method; the term cannabis means the plant of any species or subspecies of genus Cannabis and any part of that plant, including all derivatives, extracts, cannabinoids, isomers, acids, salts, and salts of isomers; the term U.S. hemp has the meaning given to term hemp in the U.S. Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018, including hemp-derived cannabidiol CBD ). 
 Strategy 
 Cronos seeks to create value for shareholders by focusing on four core strategic priorities: 
 growing a portfolio of iconic brands that responsibly elevate the consumer experience; 
 developing a diversified global sales and distribution network; 
 establishing an efficient global supply chain; and 
 creating and monetizing disruptive intellectual property. 
 Business Segments 
 We report through two segments: United States (the U.S. segment and Rest of World (the ROW segment ). These two segments represent the geographic regions in which we operate and the different product offerings within each geographic region. 
 The U.S. segment manufactures, markets and distributes U.S. hemp-derived products through e-commerce, retail and hospitality partner channels in the United States under the Lord Jones brand. 
 The ROW segment is involved in the cultivation, manufacturing, and marketing of cannabis products for the medical and adult-use markets. In Canada, Cronos operates two wholly owned license holders under the Cannabis Act (Canada) (the Cannabis Act ), Peace Naturals Project Inc. Peace Naturals ), which has production facilities near Stayner, Ontario (the Peace Naturals Campus ), and Thanos Holdings Ltd., known as Cronos Fermentation Cronos Fermentation ), which has a production facility in Winnipeg, Manitoba. In Israel, the Company operates under the IMC-GAP, IMC-GMP and IMC-GDP certifications required for the cultivation, production and marketing of dried flower, pre-rolls and oils in the Israeli medical market. Cronos has established two strategic joint ventures in Canada and Israel. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, Cronos held approximately 10 of the issued capital of Vitura Health Limited Vitura ), formerly known as Cronos Australia Limited, which is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the trading symbol VIT and approximately 13.7 of the issued capital of Natuera. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Recent Developments 
 COVID-19 
 In December 2019, an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was identified in Wuhan, China. Since then, COVID-19 has spread across the globe, including the U.S., Canada and Israel, and other countries in which Cronos or its affiliates operate, and was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a sharp contraction in many areas of the global economy and increased volatility and uncertainty in the capital markets. In response to the pandemic, the governments of many countries, provinces, states, municipalities, and other geographic regions took preventative or protective actions, including closures of certain businesses, mandatory quarantines, limits on individuals time outside of their homes, travel restrictions and social distancing or other preventative measures. Such measures have been eased or lifted in varying degrees by different governments of various countries, states and municipalities since implementation in 2020, but the continued spread of COVID-19 and increased infection rates has caused, and may continue to cause, some jurisdictions to roll back reopening plans that had been underway and re-impose quarantines, border closures, closure of certain businesses and stay-at-home orders. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy and, specifically, the U.S., Canada, Israel, and the other countries in which Cronos or its affiliates operate. We continue to closely monitor and respond, where possible, to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. As the global situation continues to change rapidly, ensuring the health and safety of our employees remains one of our top priorities. 
 In the U.S., numerous states have continued to remove their COVID-19 related restrictions. This has resulted in the re-opening of, and increased occupancy capacities in, retail outlets, including those that sell our products. Any reinstatement of restrictions on the operations of retail outlets could negatively impact our short-term results of operations in the U.S. Additionally, in the U.S., there have been a number of supply chain challenges, such as container ships facing delays due to congestion in ports, impacting many industries, including the industries in which we operate. Although we have not yet seen a significant impact from supply chain disruptions, we continue to monitor our supply chain closely. 
 In Canada, COVID-19 restrictions began gradually easing at the end of June 2021 as the vaccination rate increased. The lockdown measures taken in the first six months of 2021 to slow infection rates negatively impacted our short-term revenue growth in Canada in 2021. The increase in cases related to the Omicron variant of COVID-19 beginning in December 2021 caused the reinstatement of some restrictions on non-essential retail stores in some provinces, including Quebec, in early 2022; however, those restrictions have eased in most other provinces. Each province is responsible for implementing re-opening plans and certain provinces, including Ontario, are progressing through phases of re-opening which may permit continued increases to the allowance of in-person shopping, typically in the form of percentage of store capacity. All provinces have some form of cannabis retail open to consumers, and most provinces have lifted the requirement that retail shoppers show proof of vaccination before entering retail stores. The potential for recurring retail restrictions is ongoing, which could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 In Israel, most COVID-19 restrictions have been removed as vaccination rates have increased. Occupancy limitations in retail outlets have been removed, including those that sell our products. We do not expect the remaining COVID-19 restrictions to have a material impact on our short-term revenue growth in Israel. 
 Collectively, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have adversely affected our results of operations and, if the effects continue unabated, could continue to do so as long as measures to combat the COVID-19 pandemic remain in effect or supply chains continue to be challenged. At this time, neither the duration nor scope of the disruption can be predicted; therefore, the ultimate impact to our business cannot be reasonably estimated, but such impact could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Despite the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe that our significant cash on hand and short-term investments will be adequate to meet liquidity and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 2022 Business Highlights 
 Spinach Branded Product Portfolio Expansion in Canada 
 Throughout 2022, the Company expanded its Spinach gummies portfolio under both SOURZ by Spinach and Spinach FEELZ , with the following new products: 
 April 2022: SOURZ by Spinach Cherry Lime (Hybrid), 10mg of THC per pack 
 July 2022: Spinach FEELZ DEEP DREAMZ CBN, 10mg of THC and 5mg of CBN per pack 
 October 2022: SOURZ by Spinach Tropical Triple Berry 2:1 CBD:THC, 20mg of CBD and 10mg of THC per pack 
 December 2022: Spinach FEELZ 1:3 THC+CBC Mango Lime, 10mg of THC and 30mg of CBC per pack 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 In 2022, Cronos was also focused on renovating both its vape and pre-roll offerings and launched the products below in those categories in 2022: 
 Vape: 
 August 2022: Spinach FEELZ Deep Dreamz Blackberry Kush (7:1 THC|CBN) 1-gram vape 
 May 2022: Spinach Cosmic Green Apple and Polar Mint Vortex (800 mg/g THC) 1-gram vapes 
 In November, 2022, Cronos launched two infused pre-rolls in Canada. The first, Fully Charged Atomic GMO, was launched under the Spinach brand and is offered in a 5-pack with 0.5 grams per pre-roll. Second, Cronos launched Tropical Diesel CBG, a 3-pack of CBG infused pre-rolls with 0.5 grams per pre-roll under the Spinach FEELZ sub-brand. 
 Intellectual property initiatives 
 In 2022, we continued to progress our fermentation initiative in partnership with Ginkgo. We achieved equity milestones for the following cannabinoids in 2022: 
 June 2022: tetrahydrocannabivaric acid THCVA 
 November 2022: cannabichromenic acid CBCA 
 December 2022: cannabichromevarinic acid CBCVA 
 Strategic and Organizational Update 
 In February 2023, the Company announced a shift in its strategic plans for the Realignment, with the intent to retain select components of its operations at the Peace Naturals Campus, namely distribution and warehousing, certain research and development activities and manufacturing of certain of the Company s proprietary innovation products. 
 Appointments 
 In March 2022, the Board of Directors appointed Cronos s founder, Mike Gorenstein, as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Gorenstein previously served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cronos until September 2020, when he transitioned to the Executive Chairman role. 
 In April 2022, the Company appointed Terry Doucet as Senior Vice President, Legal, Regulatory Affairs and Corporate Secretary, after serving in an interim capacity since December 2021. Mr. Doucet has been with Cronos since 2018 and has guided Cronos through significant growth over the last few years, including the build-out of the Company s Legal and Regulatory Affairs teams, the Altria Investment, the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership, the PharmaCann Option and various product commercialization initiatives. 
 In August 2022, the Company appointed Arye Weigensberg as Senior Vice President, Head of Research Development, after serving in an interim capacity since November 2021. Prior to serving as interim Head of Research and Development, Mr. Weigensberg was the General Manager and Vice President of Research and Technology at Cronos Research Labs. Before joining the Company, Mr. Weigensberg was the CEO of Altria Israel Ltd (an Altria research and development hub). Since joining Cronos, Mr. Weigensberg has played a foundational role developing the scope of our rare cannabinoid work, while advancing our research capabilities to forge new strategies for differentiated cannabis products. 
 In October 2022, Jeff Jacobson was appointed Chief Growth Officer. Mr. Jacobson previously served as the Company s Senior Vice President, Head of Growth (North America). Mr. Jacobson has been with Cronos since December 2016 and was a co-founder of Peace Naturals Project Inc. Mr. Jacobson s expertise and experience in licensing and compliance, new business development, project management and resource management assist Cronos in developing and penetrating domestic and international markets. 
 In November 2022, the Company appointed James Holm as Chief Financial Officer after nearly two decades of finance and accounting experience at leading companies across industries. He most recently served as the Global Vice President of Finance Transformation at Vertiv, a global provider of critical digital infrastructure and continuity solutions, where he led the company s centralization, standardization and optimization to a Global Shared Service hub for finance processes. Before joining Vertiv, Mr. Holm served as Finance Leader, Finance Solutions Process Transformation Organization at Worldpay, one of the largest global payment processors. There he drove financial reporting accuracy, capabilities and enhancements across the company. Earlier in his career, he held multiple positions of increasing seniority in the finance department during his eight-year tenure at Procter and Gamble. 
 2021 Compared to 2020 
 Results of Operations 
 For a discussion of our 2021 results of operations compared to 2020, see Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cash Flows 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 For a discussion of our 2021 cash flows compared to 2020, see Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Foreign currency exchange rates 
 All currency amounts in this Annual Report are stated in U.S. dollars, which is our reporting currency, unless otherwise noted. All references to dollars or are to U.S. dollars. The assets and liabilities of our foreign operations are translated into dollars at the exchange rate in effect as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, as reported on Bloomberg. Transactions affecting the shareholders equity (deficit) are translated at historical foreign exchange rates. The consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) and consolidated statements of cash flows of our foreign operations are translated into dollars by applying the average foreign exchange rate in effect for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, as reported on Bloomberg. 
 The exchange rates used to translate from Canadian dollars C to dollars are shown below: 
 (Exchange rates are shown as C per Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average rate 1.3017 1.2541 1.3411 Spot rate 1.3554 1.2746 1.2751 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The tables below set forth our consolidated results of operations, expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars for the periods presented. Our consolidated financial results for these periods are not necessarily indicative of the consolidated financial results that we will achieve in future periods . 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net revenue before excise taxes 114,456 89,486 Excise taxes (22,552) (15,051) Net revenue 91,904 74,435 Cost of sales 79,935 80,008 Inventory write-down 11,961 Gross profit 11,969 (17,534) Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 22,282 44,937 Research and development 13,381 23,331 General and administrative 71,178 96,482 Restructuring costs 5,333 Share-based compensation 15,115 10,151 Depreciation and amortization 6,025 4,484 Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets 236,056 Impairment loss on long-lived assets 3,493 127,619 Total operating expenses 136,807 543,060 Operating loss (124,838) (560,594) Other income (expense) (9,721) 163,459 Income tax benefit (expense) (34,175) 431 Loss from discontinued operations (500) Net loss (168,734) (397,204) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest (1,097) Net loss attributable to Cronos Group (168,734) (396,107) 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of select financial results 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Net revenue 91,904 74,435 17,469 23 Cost of sales 79,935 80,008 (73) Inventory write-down 11,961 (11,961) (100) Gross profit 11,969 (17,534) 29,503 168 Gross margin (i) 
 13 (24) N/A 37 pp 
 (i) Gross margin is defined as gross profit divided by net revenue. 
 Net revenue 
 For 2022, we reported consolidated net revenue of 91.9 million, representing a 17.5 million increase from 2021. This change was primarily due to higher cannabis flower sales in the Israeli medical market and higher cannabis extract sales in the Canadian adult-use market, partially offset by a reduction in revenue in the U.S. segment, lower cannabis flower sales in the Canadian adult-use market driven by an unfavorable price/mix shift and the impact of the weakening Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar during 2022. 
 Cost of sales 
 For 2022, we reported consolidated cost of sales of 79.9 million, essentially flat with 2021, despite a 23 increase in net revenue. This was primarily due to lower cannabis biomass costs, lower sales volumes in the U.S. segment and the impact of the weakening Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar during the period, partially offset by higher sales volumes in the ROW segment and lower fixed cost absorption due to the timing of the wind-down of cultivation and certain production activities associated with the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus. 
 Inventory write-downs 
 For 2021, we reported inventory write-downs of 12.0 million, primarily related to cannabis strains and potency levels that were no longer in-line with consumer preferences in the Canadian market and adjustments for obsolete inventory in Canada. We reported no inventory write-downs for 2022. 
 Gross profit 
 For 2022, we reported consolidated gross profit of 12.0 million, representing a 29.5 million improvement from 2021. The improvement in gross profit is primarily due to increased revenue in the ROW segment driven mainly by a favorable mix of cannabis extract products, which carry a higher gross profit and gross margin than other product categories, higher sales of cannabis flower in Israel, the absence of inventory write-downs in 2022, and lower cannabis biomass costs, partially offset by lower revenue in the U.S. segment and lower fixed cost absorption due to the timing of the wind-down of cultivation and certain production activities associated with the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus. 
 Operating expenses 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Sales and marketing 22,282 44,937 (22,655) (50) Research and development 13,381 23,331 (9,950) (43) General and administrative 71,178 96,482 (25,304) (26) Restructuring costs 5,333 5,333 100 Share-based compensation 15,115 10,151 4,964 49 Depreciation and amortization 6,025 4,484 1,541 34 Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets 236,056 (236,056) (100) Impairment loss on long-lived assets 3,493 127,619 (124,126) (97) Operating expenses 136,807 543,060 (406,253) (75) 
 Sales and marketing 
 For 2022, we reported sales and marketing expenses of 22.3 million, representing a decrease of 22.7 million from 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower advertising and marketing spend and lower personnel-related costs in the U.S. segment as a result of the Realignment. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development 
 For 2022, we reported research and development expenses of 13.4 million, representing a decrease of 10.0 million from 2021. This decrease was primarily due to lower costs associated with the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement and cancellation of beauty-focused product development spending in the U.S. segment. 
 General and administrative 
 For 2022, we reported general and administrative expenses of 71.2 million, representing a decrease of 25.3 million from 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower expected credit losses on our loans to joint venture partners when compared to 2021, lower legal and advisory fees associated with strategic initiatives and lower personnel-related costs associated with the Realignment. 
 Restructuring costs 
 For 2022, we reported restructuring costs of 5.3 million, compared to no restructuring costs in 2021. The restructuring costs in 2022 were related to Realignment activities. For further information, see Note 16 Restructuring to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Share-based compensation 
 For 2022, we reported share-based compensation expenses of 15.1 million, representing an increase of 5.0 million from 2021. The increase was primarily due to the acceleration of expense on equity awards granted to certain executive employees in connection with their separation from the Company as well as the approval for grant of previously held-back equity awards granted to certain executives in connection with the SEC and OSC settlements. For further information, see Note 10 Share-based Compensation to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 For 2022, depreciation and amortization expenses were 6.0 million, representing an increase of 1.5 million from 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher amortization on our Ginkgo exclusive license intangible assets. 
 Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 For 2021, we reported impairment loss on goodwill and intangible assets of 236.1 million due to impairment charges on the goodwill associated with our U.S. reporting unit and impairment on our Lord Jones brand. For 2022, we reported no such impairment losses. For further information, see Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Impairment loss on long-lived assets 
 During 2022, we recorded impairment charges of 3.5 million related to the right-of-use lease asset and leasehold improvements associated with our corporate headquarters in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, which the Company plans to sublease. For 2021, we recorded an impairment charge of 119.9 million on long-lived assets related to the previously announced planned exit from the Peace Naturals Campus. Additionally, in 2021, we recorded impairment charges of 4.8 million related to our Ginkgo exclusive licenses for cannabigerolic acid CBGA and cannabigerovarinic acid CBGVA for the difference between the fair value of the licenses and the consideration paid. Furthermore, in 2021, our U.S. segment recorded impairment charges of 1.2 million on property, plant, and equipment where the carrying value of those assets was not recoverable and a 1.7 million impairment charge related to ceasing use of certain leased premise and the derecognition of the associated right-of-use asset. See Note 5 Property, plant and equipment, net Note 6, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net and Note 7 Leases to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Total other income, income tax benefit (expense) and loss from discontinued operations 
 Year ended December 31, Change (i) 
 2022 2021 Interest income, net 22,537 9,071 13,466 148 Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities 14,060 151,360 (137,300) (91) Impairment loss on other investments (61,392) (61,392) N/M Share of income (loss) from equity method investments 3,114 (6,313) 9,427 149 Gain on revaluation of financial instruments 14,739 8,611 6,128 71 Foreign currency transaction loss (2,286) (2,286) N/M Other, net (493) 730 (1,223) (168) Total other income (9,721) 163,459 (173,180) (106) Income tax benefit (expense) (34,175) 431 (34,606) N/M Loss from discontinued operations (500) 500 (100) Net loss (168,734) (397,204) 228,470 58 
 (i) N/M is defined as not meaningful. 
 Interest income, net 
 For 2022, we reported interest income, net of 22.5 million, representing an increase of 13.5 million from 2021 primarily due to higher short-term investment balances and higher interest rates in 2022 when compared to 2021. 
 Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities 
 For 2022, we reported a gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities of 14.1 million, representing a decrease of 137.3 million from 2021 primarily due to the greater impact on the derivative liabilities in 2021 from the decreased estimated term of the derivative instruments and the decreased price of Cronos common shares. 
 Impairment loss on other investments 
 For 2022, impairment loss on other investments was 61.4 million, driven by impairment charges recorded on our PharmaCann Option for the difference between its estimated fair value and its carrying amount. There were no such impairment losses on other investments during 2021. For more information, see Note 3 Investments to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 Share of income (loss) from equity method investments 
 For 2022, we reported share of income from equity method investments of 3.1 million, representing an increase of 9.4 million from 2021. The change was primarily due to improved results from our equity method investment in Cronos GrowCo. 
 Gain (loss) on revaluation of financial instruments 
 For 2022, we reported a gain on revaluation of financial instruments of 14.7 million, representing an increase of 6.1 million from 2021. The increase was due to the change in fair value of our investment in Vitura. See Note 3 Investments to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 Foreign currency transaction loss 
 For 2022, foreign currency transaction loss was 2.3 million, which related to certain foreign currency-denominated intercompany loans anticipated to be settled in the foreseeable future. There were no such foreign currency transaction gains or losses during 2021. 
 Other, net 
 For 2022, other, net was a loss of 0.5 million, compared to income of 0.7 million in 2021. The change was primarily due to loss on disposal of assets associated with the Realignment, partially offset by 0.4 million of dividend income from our Vitura investment during 2022. 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 For 2022, we reported income tax expense of 34.2 million, compared to an income tax benefit of 0.4 million in 2021. The change was due primarily to a capital gain for tax purposes of 479.8 million, which resulted in an income tax liability of 34.2 million, related to the irrevocable relinquishment by Altria of the Warrant on December 16, 2022. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Loss from discontinued operations 
 For 2021, we reported loss from discontinued operations of 0.5 million. There was no such loss from discontinued operations in 2022. 
 
 Results of Operations by Business Segment: 2022 compared with 2021 
 The tables below set forth our consolidated results of operations by our two business segments: the ROW segment and the U.S. segment, expressed in U.S. dollars and in thousands for the periods presented. Our consolidated financial results for these periods are not necessarily indicative of the consolidated financial results that we will achieve in future periods. Certain totals in the tables below will not sum to exactly 100 due to rounding. 
 Summary of financial results ROW 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Net revenue 86,749 64,561 22,188 34 Cost of sales 71,313 70,193 1,120 2 Inventory write-down 11,961 (11,961) (100) Gross profit 15,436 (17,593) 33,029 188 Gross margin 18 (27) N/A 45 pp 
 Net revenue ROW 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Cannabis flower 63,593 55,194 8,399 15 Cannabis extracts 22,522 8,807 13,715 156 Other 634 560 74 13 Net revenue 86,749 64,561 22,188 34 
 For 2022, the ROW segment reported net revenue of 86.7 million, representing an increase of 22.2 million from 2021. This increase was primarily due to higher cannabis extract sales in the Canadian adult-use market and higher cannabis flower sales in the Israeli medical market, partially offset by lower cannabis flower sales in the Canadian adult-use market driven by an unfavorable price/mix shift and the impact of the weakening Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar during 2022. 
 Cost of sales - ROW 
 For 2022, the ROW segment reported a year-over-year increase in cost of sales of 2 , while net revenue increased 34 . This increase was primarily due to higher sales volumes and lower fixed cost absorption due to the timing of the wind-down of cultivation and certain production activities associated with the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus, partially offset by lower cannabis biomass costs and the impact of the weakening Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar during 2022. 
 Inventory write-downs - ROW 
 We reported no inventory write-downs for 2022. For 2021, we reported inventory write-downs of 12.0 million, primarily related to cannabis strains and potency levels that were no longer in-line with consumer preferences in the Canadian market and adjustments for obsolete inventory in Canada. 
 Gross profit - ROW 
 For 2022, the ROW segment reported gross profit of 15.4 million, representing an increase of 33.0 million from 2021. The improvement in gross profit is primarily due to increased revenue driven mainly by a favorable mix of cannabis extract products, which carry a higher gross profit and gross margin than other product categories, sales of cannabis flower in Israel, the absence of inventory write-downs in 2022, and lower cannabis biomass costs, partially offset by lower fixed cost absorption due to the timing of the wind-down of cultivation and certain production activities at the Peace Naturals Campus. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Summary of financial results U.S. 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Net revenue 5,155 9,874 (4,719) (48) Cost of sales 8,622 9,815 (1,193) (12) Gross profit (3,467) 59 (3,526) N/M Gross margin (67) 1 N/A (68) pp 
 Net revenue U.S. 
 For 2022, the U.S. segment reported net revenue of 5.2 million, representing a decrease of 4.7 million from 2021. The decrease in sales was driven by the decision to exit the adult beauty business, a decrease in promotional spending and SKU rationalization efforts as the Company implements the Realignment in the U.S. segment. 
 Cost of sales U.S. 
 For 2022, the U.S. segment reported cost of sales of 8.6 million, representing a decrease of 1.2 million from 2021. This decrease was primarily due to lower sales volumes due to the decision to exit the adult beauty business, partially offset by higher inventory reserves associated with discontinued products. 
 Gross profit U.S. 
 For 2022, the U.S. segment reported negative gross profit of 3.5 million, representing a decrease in gross profit of 3.5 million from 2021. This decrease was primarily due to the decision to exit the adult beauty business and higher inventory reserves associated with discontinued products. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 Cronos reports its financial results in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ). This Annual Report refers to measures not recognized under U.S. GAAP non-GAAP measures ). These non-GAAP measures do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by U.S. GAAP and are therefore unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Rather, these non-GAAP measures are provided as a supplement to corresponding U.S. GAAP measures to provide additional information regarding our results of operations from management s perspective. Accordingly, non-GAAP measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. All non-GAAP measures presented in this Annual Report are reconciled to their closest reported GAAP measure. Reconciliations of historical adjusted financial measures to corresponding U.S. GAAP measures are provided below. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Management reviews Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure which excludes non-cash items or items that do not reflect management s assessment of ongoing business performance of our operating segments. Management defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest, tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization adjusted for: share of income (loss) from equity method investments; impairment loss on goodwill and intangible assets; impairment loss on long-lived assets; (gain) loss on revaluation of derivative liabilities; (gain) loss on revaluation of financial instruments; transaction costs related to strategic projects; impairment loss on other investments; foreign currency transaction loss; other, net; loss from discontinued operations; restructuring costs; share-based compensation; and financial statement review costs and reserves related to the restatements of our 2019 and 2021 interim financial statements (the Restatements ), including the costs related to the settlement of the SEC s and the OSC s investigations of the Restatements and legal costs defending shareholder class action complaints brought against us as a result of the 2019 restatement (see Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, of this Annual Report for a discussion of the settlement of the SEC s and OSC s regulatory reviews relating to the Restatements and shareholder class action complaints relating to the restatement of the 2019 interim financial statements). 
 Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA provides the most useful insight into underlying business trends and results and provides a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. Management uses Adjusted EBITDA for planning, forecasting and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA is reconciled to net income (loss) as follows: 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Year ended December 31, 2022 US ROW Corporate Total Net loss (84,194) (54,129) (30,411) (168,734) Interest income, net (4,518) (18,019) (22,537) Income tax expense 34,175 34,175 Depreciation and amortization 1,485 11,637 13,122 EBITDA (87,227) (26,336) (30,411) (143,974) Share of income from equity accounted investments (3,114) (3,114) Impairment loss on long-lived assets (ii) 
 3,493 3,493 Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities (iii) 
 (14,060) (14,060) Gain on revaluation of financial instruments (iv) 
 (14,739) (14,739) Impairment loss on other investments (vi) 
 61,392 61,392 Foreign currency transaction loss 2,286 2,286 Other, net (vii) 
 169 324 493 Restructuring costs (ix) 
 1,788 3,545 5,333 Share-based compensation (x) 
 3,744 11,371 15,115 Financial statement review costs (xi) 
 7,167 7,167 Adjusted EBITDA (20,134) (37,230) (23,244) (80,608) 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Year ended December 31, 2021 US ROW Corporate Total Net loss (283,883) (81,811) (31,510) (397,204) Interest income, net (40) (9,031) (9,071) Income tax benefit (89) (342) (431) Depreciation and amortization 917 14,485 15,402 EBITDA (283,095) (76,699) (31,510) (391,304) Share of loss from equity method investments 6,313 6,313 Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (i) 
 236,019 37 236,056 Impairment loss on long-lived assets (ii) 
 2,955 124,664 127,619 Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities (iii) 
 (151,360) (151,360) Gain on revaluation of financial instruments (iv) 
 (8,611) (8,611) Transaction costs (v) 
 3,801 3,801 Other, net (vii) 
 3 (733) (730) Loss from discontinued operations (viii) 
 500 500 Share-based compensation (x) 
 3,401 6,750 10,151 Financial statement review costs (xi) 
 7,102 7,102 Adjusted EBITDA (40,717) (99,139) (20,607) (160,463) 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Year ended December 31, 2020 US ROW Corporate Total Net income (loss) (77,368) 32,671 (30,573) (75,270) Interest expense (income), net 18 (18,433) (18,415) Income tax expense 323 1,024 1,347 Depreciation and amortization 234 6,811 7,045 EBITDA (76,793) 22,073 (30,573) (85,293) Share of loss from equity accounted investments 4,510 4,510 Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (i) 
 40,000 40,000 Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities (iii) 
 (129,254) (129,254) Loss on revaluation of financial instruments (iv) 
 9 9 Transaction costs (v) 
 40 40 Other, net (vii) 
 20 1,805 1,825 Loss from discontinued operations (viii) 
 650 650 Share-based compensation (x) 
 8,714 6,647 15,361 Financial statement review costs (xi) 
 9,688 9,688 Gain on disposal of investments (xii) 
 (4,789) (4,789) Adjusted EBITDA (28,019) (98,349) (20,885) (147,253) 
 (i) For the year ended December 31, 2021, impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets relates to impairment on goodwill and intangible assets related to our U.S. segment and impairment on an indefinite-lived trademark related to our ROW segment. For the year ended December 31, 2020, impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets relates to impairment on goodwill and intangible assets related to our U.S. segment. See Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (ii) For the year ended December 31, 2022, impairment loss on long-lived assets relates to the Company s decision to seek a sublease for leased office space in Toronto, Ontario, Canada during the first quarter of 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, impairment loss on long-lived assets relates to impairment charges on property, plant and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets in the Canadian asset group, impairment charges for the differences between the consideration paid to Ginkgo for the achievement of two equity milestones in connection with the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement and the fair values of the CBGA exclusive license and CBGVA exclusive license as well as impairment on leased premises in the U.S. segment. See Note 5 Property, Plant and Equipment, net and Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (iii) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities represents the fair value changes on the derivative liabilities. See Note 8 Derivative Liabilities to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (iv) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, gain on revaluation of financial instruments relates primarily to our unrealized holding gain on our mark-to-market investment in Vitura as well as revaluations of financial liabilities resulting from deferred share units DSUs granted to directors. For the year ended December 31, 2020, loss on revaluation of financial instruments relates to revaluations of financial liabilities resulting from DSUs. See Note 3 Investments and Note 10 Share-based Compensation to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (v) For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, transaction costs represent legal, financial and other advisory fees and expenses incurred in connection with various strategic investments. These costs are included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 (vi) For the year ended December 31, 2022, impairment loss on other investments related to the PharmaCann Option for the difference between its fair value and carrying amount. See Note 3 Investments to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (vii) For the year ended December 31, 2022, other, net primarily related to related to 646 loss on disposal of assets and 390 of dividends declared by Vitura on the Company s 55,176,065 ordinary shares in the capital of Vitura. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, other, net is primarily related to (gain) loss on reclassification of held-for-sale assets and (gain) loss on disposal of assets. 
 (viii) For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, loss from discontinued operations relates to the discontinuance of Original B.C. Ltd. OGBC ). 
 (ix) For the year ended December 31, 2022, restructuring costs related to the employee-related severance costs and other restructuring costs associated with the Realignment, including the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus. See Note 16 Restructuring to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (x) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, share-based compensation relates to the vesting expenses of share-based compensation awarded to employees under our share-based award plans as described in Note 10 Share-based Compensation to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (xi) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, financial statement review costs include costs related to the restatements of the Company s 2019 interim financial statements and second quarter 2021 interim financial statements, costs related to the Company s responses to requests for information from various regulatory authorities relating to such restatements, the costs related to the Settlement Order and Settlement Agreement and legal costs defending shareholder class action complaints brought against the Company as a result of the 2021 and 2019 restatements. 
 (xii) For the year ended December 31, 2020, gain on disposal of investments is primarily comprised of the gain recorded related to the sale of common shares of Aurora, which were received in connection with the achievement of a milestone related to Aurora s acquisition of Whistler Whistler Transaction in 2020 and as a result of the closing of the Whistler Transaction in 2019. There were no disposals of investments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 3 Investments to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Constant Currency 
 To supplement the consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we have presented constant currency adjusted financial measures for net revenues, gross profit, gross profit margin, operating expenses, net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA for 2022, as well as cash and cash equivalents and short-term investment balances as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021, which are considered non-GAAP financial measures. We present constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying operations performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations. To present this information, current and prior period income statement results in currencies other than U.S. dollars are converted into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rates from the comparative period in 2021 rather than the actual average exchange rates in effect during 2022; constant currency current period balance sheet information is translated at the prior year-end spot rate rather than the current year-end spot rate. All growth comparisons relate to the corresponding period in 2021. We have provided this non-GAAP financial information to aid investors in better understanding the performance of our segments. The non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Annual Report should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 The table below sets forth certain measures of consolidated results from continuing operations on an as-reported and constant currency basis for 2022 compared to 2021, as well as cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021, on an as-reported and constant currency basis (in thousands): 
 
 As Reported As Adjusted for Constant Currency Year ended December 31, As Reported Change Year ended December 31, Constant Currency Change 2022 2021 2022 Net revenue 91,904 74,435 17,469 23 95,237 20,802 28 Gross profit 11,969 (17,534) 29,503 168 12,571 30,105 172 Gross margin 13 (24) N/A 37 pp 13 N/A 37 pp Operating expenses 136,807 543,060 (406,253) (75) 140,064 (402,996) (74) Net loss (168,734) (397,204) 228,470 58 (170,888) 226,316 57 Adjusted EBITDA (80,608) (160,463) 79,855 50 (82,116) 78,347 49 As of December 31, As Reported Change As of December 31, Constant Currency Change 2022 2021 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 764,644 886,973 (122,329) (14) 793,525 (93,448) (11) Short-term investments 113,077 117,684 (4,607) (4) 120,246 2,562 2 Total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments 877,721 1,004,657 (126,936) (13) 913,771 (90,886) (9) 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Net revenue 
 As Reported As Adjusted for Constant Currency Year ended December 31, As Reported Change Year ended December 31, Constant Currency Change 2022 2021 2022 Cannabis flower 63,593 55,194 8,399 15 66,047 10,853 20 Cannabis extracts 27,677 18,681 8,996 48 28,532 9,851 53 Other 634 560 74 13 658 98 18 Net revenue 91,904 74,435 17,469 23 95,237 20,802 28 
 As Reported As Adjusted for Constant Currency Year ended December 31, As Reported Change Year ended December 31, Constant Currency Change 2022 2021 2022 Canada 56,233 50,294 5,939 12 58,367 8,073 16 Israel 30,516 13,376 17,140 128 31,715 18,339 137 United States 5,155 9,874 (4,719) (48) 5,155 (4,719) (48) Other countries 891 (891) (100) (891) (100) Net revenue 91,904 74,435 17,469 23 95,237 20,802 28 
 Net Revenue 
 For 2022, net revenue on a constant currency basis was 95.2 million, representing a 28 increase from 2021. Net revenue increased on a constant currency basis primarily due to higher cannabis extract sales in the Canadian adult-use market and higher cannabis flower sales in the Israeli medical market, partially offset by a reduction in revenue in the U.S. segment and lower cannabis flower sales in the Canadian adult-use market driven by an adverse price/mix shift. 
 Gross profit 
 For 2022, gross profit on a constant currency basis was 12.6 million, representing a 172 increase from 2021. Gross profit increased on a constant currency basis primarily due to increased revenue in the ROW segment driven mainly by a favorable mix of cannabis extract products, which carry a higher gross profit and gross margin than other product categories, higher sales of cannabis flower in Israel, the absence of inventory write-downs in 2022, and lower cannabis biomass costs, partially offset by lower revenue in the U.S. segment and lower fixed cost absorption due to the timing of the wind-down of cultivation and certain production activities associated with the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus. 
 Operating expenses 
 For 2022, operating expenses on a constant currency basis was 140.1 million, representing a 74 decrease from 2021. Operating expenses decreased on a constant currency basis primarily due to lower advertising and marketing spend and lower payroll-related costs in the U.S. segment as a result of the Realignment, reduced costs associated with the timing of Ginkgo milestones, cancellation of beauty-focused product development spending in the U.S. segment, and an expected credit loss allowance revaluation recognized in 2021, partially offset by higher restructuring costs related to the Realignment. 
 Net loss 
 For 2022, net loss on a constant currency basis was 170.9 million, representing a 57 improvement from 2021. Net loss improved primarily due to lower impairment charges, higher gross profit, lower operating expenses, higher interest income and higher income from equity method investments, partially offset by lower gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities and higher share-based compensation expense in 2022. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 For 2022, adjusted EBITDA on a constant currency basis was 82.1 million, representing a 49 improvement from 2021. Adjusted EBITDA increased on a constant currency basis primarily due to decreases in general and administrative expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and research and development expenses as a result of the Realignment, and an improvement in gross profit. 
 Cash and cash equivalents short-term investments 
 Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments on a constant currency basis decreased 9 to 913.8 million as of December 31, 2022 from 1,004.7 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments is primarily due to cash flows used in operating activities in 2022. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our business operations and capital expenditures over the next twelve months. Our primary need for liquidity is to fund operations and capital expenditures. Our ability to fund operations and capital expenditures depends on, among other things, future operating performance and cash flows that are subject to general economic conditions and financial and other factors, including factors beyond our control. Since 2019, we have been funded by the C 2.4 billion (approximately 1.8 billion) Altria investment in us, pursuant to which we issued to certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Altria 149,831,154 of our common shares and one warrant, as further discussed under Altria Strategic Investment in Item 1 of this Annual Report. As of December 31, 2022, we had 764.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and 113.1 million in short term investments, compared to 887.0 million in cash and cash equivalents and 117.7 million in short term investments as of December 31, 2021. As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had no external financing. 
 Cash flows 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash used in operating activities (88,948) (153,616) (144,871) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (1,842) (28,898) 20,150 Net cash used in financing activities (2,897) (13,442) (3,051) Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents (28,642) 4,906 6,102 Net change in cash (122,329) (191,050) (121,670) 
 2022 cash flows vs 2021 cash flows 
 Operating activities 
 During 2022, we used 88.9 million of cash in operating activities, compared to 153.6 million in 2021, representing a decrease in net cash used of 66.8 million. This change is primarily driven by a 42.0 million increase in net income after adjusting for non-cash items, such as impairment charges, share-based payments, depreciation and amortization, and share of loss from investments in equity method investments in 2022, and a net increase in changes in operating assets and liabilities of 22.7 million related to the timing of collections of accounts receivables, payments for income taxes, payments for accruals and payables, and purchases of inventory. 
 Investing activities 
 During 2022, we used 1.8 million of cash in investing activities, compared to 28.9 million during 2021, representing a decrease of 27.1 million in net cash used. This change is primarily driven by the purchase of the PharmaCann Option during 2021, lower purchases of property, plant and equipment and greater repayments than disbursements on loans receivable during 2022, partially offset by a higher level of short-term investments during 2022. 
 Financing activities 
 During 2022, cash used in financing activities was 2.9 million, as compared to 13.4 million in 2021, representing a decrease of 10.5 million. This change is primarily driven by a decrease in withholding taxes paid on share-based awards. 
 Cash requirements 
 In the near-term, we expect to use our available cash and investments to operate our core business and develop new ways to serve our customers as well as invest in our various strategic partnerships and in our investees. We have maintained adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements. 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations as of December 31, 2022: 
 Leases 
 We have operating leases for buildings and office space, vehicles and land, and a finance lease relating to equipment. As of December 31, 2022, the future minimum payments required under these leases totaled 4.8 million, with 1.6 million payable within 12 months. Refer to Note 7 Leases to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information. 
 Loans receivable with related parties 
 We have entered into three loan agreements with affiliates. As of December 31, 2022, Cronos GrowCo had approximately 0.7 million undrawn on its loan receivable, with no amounts expected to be drawn within 12 months. All other loans receivable have been fully drawn. Refer to Note 4 Loans Receivable, net to the consolidated financial statement in Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Purchase obligations 
 Our purchase obligations primarily consist of contractual obligations to maintain the ordinary course of business through information technology and capital expenditures related to computer software, agricultural supply services and data analytics. Other purchase obligations consist of noncancellable obligations related to maintenance, internet, and telecommunication service. As of December 31, 2022, we had purchase obligations of 13.5 million, with 10.6 million payable within 12 months. 
 Research and development obligations 
 We have entered into multiple R D contracts with partners such as Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc. Ginkgo ), as well as maintained internal cash requirements related to R D activities, to continue to improve processes and gain knowledge on the cannabinoid industry. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.7 million in cash requirements related to R D, with 1.7 million payable within 12 months. Refer to Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Estimates and critical judgments by management 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are reviewed periodically, and adjustments are made as appropriate in the year they become known. Items for which actual results may differ materially from these estimates are described in the following section. 
 Refer to Note 1 Background, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report for further information on our critical accounting estimates and policies, which are as follows: 
 Revenue recognition 
 Revenue is recognized when the control of the promised goods is transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for the performance obligation. Excise taxes remitted to tax authorities are government-imposed excise taxes on cannabis products. Excise taxes are recorded as a reduction of sales in net revenue in the consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) and are recognized as a current liability within accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, with the liability subsequently reduced when the taxes are remitted to the tax authority. 
 In addition, amounts disclosed as net revenue are net of allowances, discounts and rebates. In determining the transaction price for the sale of goods, the Company considers the effects of variable consideration and the existence of significant financing components, if any. Some contracts for the sale of goods may provide customers with a right of return, most-favored-customer rights, or early payment discounts. In addition, the Company may provide, in certain circumstances, a retroactive price reduction to a customer based primarily on inventory movement. These items give rise to variable consideration. The Company uses the expected value method to estimate the variable consideration because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Company will be entitled. The Company uses historical evidence, current information and forecasts to estimate the variable consideration. The Company reduces revenue and recognizes a contract liability equal to the amount expected to be refunded to the customer in the form of a future rebate or credit for a retroactive price reduction, representing its obligation to return the customer s consideration. The estimate is updated at each reporting period date. 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization. We test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that could indicate a potential impairment. We compare the fair value of our reporting units with their carrying amount and recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. 
 We believe that the accounting estimate for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets is a critical accounting estimate because of the judgment required in assessing the fair value of each of our reporting units. We estimate fair value through various valuation methods, including the use of discounted expected future cash flows of each reporting unit, as well as the use of the relief-from-royalty method on the Lord Jones brand. Significant inputs include discount rates, growth rates, and cash flow projections, and, for the Lord Jones brand, royalty rate. These valuation inputs are considered Level 3 inputs as defined by ASC 820 Fair Value Measurement . The expected future cash flows for each reporting unit are significantly impacted by current market conditions. If these market conditions and resulting expected future cash flows for each reporting unit decline significantly, the actual results for each segment could differ from our estimate, which would cause goodwill to be impaired. Our accounting for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets represents our best estimate of future events. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 In the second quarter of 2021, we recognized impairment losses related to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets of 178.4 million and 56.5 million, respectively, in the U.S. reporting unit. During our annual quantitative impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2021, an additional impairment of 1.0 million was recognized on the Lord Jones brand due to the U.S. segment s sustained operating losses and lack of revenue growth. In 2020, based on our assessments and after considering potential triggering events, including COVID-19, we recognized an impairment loss related to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets of 35 million and 5 million, respectively, in the U.S. reporting unit. During our annual quantitative impairment test in the fourth quarter of 2020, no further impairment was recorded as both fair values of the goodwill as well as the Lord Jones brand exceeded carrying amount by more than 10 . 
 Inventory valuation 
 We value our inventory at lower of cost or net realizable value determined using weighted average cost. Inventory is reflected at the lower of cost or net realizable value considering future demand, market conditions and market prices. Our estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. These valuations require the use of management s assumptions that do not reflect unanticipated events and circumstances that may occur. We record an inventory valuation adjustment for excess, slow moving, and obsolete inventory that is equal to the excess of the cost of the inventory over the estimated net realizable value. We also experience inventory write-downs due to reduced market prices. The inventory valuation adjustment to net realizable value establishes a new cost basis of the inventory that cannot be subsequently reversed. Inventory valuation adjustments are based on inventory levels, expected product life, and estimated product demand. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories, we are required to make judgments as to future demand requirements compared with inventory levels. 
 Long-lived assets 
 Long-lived assets are primarily comprised of property, plant, and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets. We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management s judgment, that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Long-lived asset recoverability is assessed on an asset group basis. We group assets and liabilities for our asset groups at the reporting unit level, which is the lowest level for which cash flows are separately identifiable. Long-lived asset recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group with its estimated future undiscounted pre-tax cash flows over the remaining life of the primary long-lived asset of the asset group. If the carrying amount exceeds the estimated future undiscounted cash flows as part of the recoverability assessment, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of the asset group. The impairment charge is allocated to the underlying long-lived assets in the asset group on a relative carrying amount basis; however, carrying amount after allocated impairment is subject to a floor of fair value on an individual asset basis. 
 We believe the accounting estimates used in the long-lived asset impairment assessment are critical accounting estimates because of the judgment required in identifying indicators of impairment, determining asset groups, assessing future undiscounted cash flows of the asset groups, and as applicable, evaluating the fair value of the determined asset groups as well as the underlying long-lived assets, once indicators of impairment have been identified. 
 We periodically evaluate whether impairment indicators related to our property, plant and equipment, operating leases and other long-lived assets are present. These impairment indicators may include a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset or asset group, early termination of an operating lease, a significant adverse change to the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset or asset group is being used or in its physical condition, or a current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset or asset group. If impairment indicators are present, we estimate the fair value for the asset or group of assets. We estimate fair value of long-lived assets through various valuation methods, including the use of the indirect cost approach, income approach, and direct comparison approach. The indirect cost approach is based on the estimated cost to reproduce the asset as if new, adjusted for physical deterioration and consideration of functional and economic obsolescence. The income approach is based on estimated rental and capitalization rates. The direct comparison approach is based on recent observable transactions of comparable assets. The estimation of future undiscounted cash flows of the asset groups as well as each of these fair value approaches are significantly impacted by market conditions. A significant adverse change in market conditions could result in fair values that differ from our estimates, which could adversely impact whether an impairment exists and the extent to which an asset group and underlying assets are impaired. The difference between the fair value and the carrying amount of the asset group is recorded as an impairment charge. 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we concluded that indicators of impairment were present with respect to our corporate headquarters, for which we determined we would seek a sublease. As a result, we recognized an impairment charge of 2.0 million related to the right-of-use lease asset associated with our corporate headquarters. In addition, we recognized an impairment charge of 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to leasehold improvements and other office equipment that we plan to include in any potential sublease agreement. The determination to seek a sublease of the property and include leasehold improvements and other office equipment in any potential sublease agreement triggered the impairment charges. Both of the impairment charges are recognized as impairment loss on long-lived assets on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 During the fourth quarter of 2021, we concluded that indicators of impairment were present with respect to our Canadian asset group. As a result, we estimated the undiscounted cash flows for the Canadian asset group and found that the carrying amount exceeded its undiscounted cash flows. Subsequently, we estimated the fair values of all long-lived assets in the Canadian asset group using the indirect cost approach for personal property, the income and direct comparison approaches for our facility in Stayner, Ontario, Canada, and the indirect cost approach for our facility in Winnipeg, Manitoba Canada, and compared the fair values attributable to the Canadian asset group to their respective carrying amounts and recorded a non-cash impairment charge on long-lived assets of 119.9 million. Refer to Note 5 Property, plant and equipment, net to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 We account for the cannabinoid exclusive licenses originating from the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership as definite-lived intangible assets in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. The cost of cash and equity in Cronos issued in exchange for the cannabinoid exclusive licenses is initially recognized and measured at the date of acquisition. On the date of acquisition, we then test each cannabinoid exclusive license for impairment by comparing the cost and fair value of each license. We believe that the accounting estimate for the cannabinoid exclusive licenses is a critical accounting estimate because of the judgment required in assessing their fair values and the expected future cash flows are significantly impacted by the future expectations for products containing each cannabinoid. We estimate the fair value using the relief-from-royalty method. Each cannabinoid exclusive license is subject to amortization. 
 In August 2021, the Ginkgo Equity Milestone was achieved related to cannabigerolic acid CBGA ). At that time, we issued 1.5 million common shares valued at 9.0 million based on the observable market price of the shares. In exchange, we received process and background intellectual property related to CBGA, as well as the CBGA exclusive license, which is a perpetual license with exclusivity for 10 years from the date the license is granted. An impairment of 1.8 million was recognized to record the CBGA exclusive license at its fair value of 7.3 million. 
 In November 2021, the Ginkgo Equity Milestone was achieved related to cannabigerovarinic acid CBGVA ). At that time, we issued 1.5 million common shares valued at 8.2 million based on the observable market price of the shares. In exchange, we received process and background intellectual property related to CBGVA, as well as the CBGVA exclusive license, which is a perpetual license with exclusivity for 10 years from the date the license is granted. An impairment of 3.0 million, was recognized to record the CBGVA exclusive license at its fair value of 5.3 million. 
 In June 2022, the Ginkgo Equity Milestone was achieved related to tetrahydrocannabivaric acid THCVA ). At that time, we issued 2.2 million common shares and paid cash of 600, for total consideration of 8.4 million based on the observable market price of the shares. In exchange, we received process and background intellectual property related to THCVA, as well as an exclusive license with respect to THCVA, which is a perpetual license with exclusivity for 10 years from the date the license is granted. No impairment was recorded with respect to the THCVA exclusive license. 
 In November 2022, the Ginkgo Equity Milestone was achieved related to the early commercialization of cannabichromenic acid CBCA ). At the time we issued 0.5 million common shares valued at 1.5 million based on the observable market price of the shares. In exchange, we received process and background intellectual property related to CBCA, as well as an exclusive license with respect to CBCA, which is a perpetual license with exclusivity for 10 years from the date the license is granted. No impairment was recorded with respect to the CBCA exclusive license. 
 In December 2022, the Ginkgo Equity Milestone was achieved related to cannabichromevarinic acid CBCVA ). At the time we issued 1.5 million common shares valued at 3.7 million based on the observable market price of the shares. In exchange, we received process and background intellectual property related to CBCVA, as well as an exclusive license with respect to CBCVA, which is a perpetual license with exclusivity for 10 years from the date the license is granted. No impairment was recorded with respect to the CBCVA exclusive license. 
 Refer to Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Valuation of derivative liabilities 
 Prior to December 16, 2022, derivative liabilities consisted of the Altria Warrant, Pre-emptive Rights, and certain Top-up Rights. On December 16, 2022, Altria notified us that its wholly owned subsidiary, Altria Summit LLC, irrevocably relinquished the Warrant and all rights that it may have held in the Warrant or any common shares underlying the Warrant for no consideration. As of December 31, 2022, derivative liabilities consisted of Pre-emptive Rights and certain Top-up Rights. We measure derivative liabilities at fair value at each reporting date until settlement with the re-measurement gain or loss being recognized immediately in net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). We calculate fair value of the derivative liabilities using the Black-Scholes model. Significant assumptions are used in the valuation of derivative liabilities, including the expected term and our stock price. The assumptions used in computing the fair value of derivative liabilities reflect our best estimates, but involve uncertainties relating to market and other conditions, many of which are outside of our control. Sensitivity is performed on various inputs, refer to Note 8 Derivative Liabilities to the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Impairment of other investments without readily determinable fair values 
 We hold other investments without readily determinable fair values that are measured under the cost method less impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same investee. Each reporting period, we qualitatively assess if indicators of impairment are present, and, if present, we estimate the fair value of the investments and record impairment charges on the consolidated statements of income if the carrying value exceeds fair value. To estimate the fair value of the investments, we use a combination of the income and market approaches. Under the income approach, significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow method that require the use of judgment are the discount rate, growth rates, cash flow projections, and the timing of federal legalization of cannabis in the U.S. Under the market valuation approach, the key assumptions that require judgment under the Guideline Public Companies method are cash flow projections, selected multiples and the discount for lack of marketability. As a result of our analysis, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of 11.2 million, 29.0 million and 21.2 million in the first, third and fourth quarters of 2022, respectively, related to the PharmaCann Option. No such impairments were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021, as no indicators of impairment were present. 
 Share-based compensation 
 We measure the fair value of services received in exchange for all stock options granted based on the fair market value of the award as of the grant date. We compute the fair value of stock options with time-based vesting using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and recognize the cost of the equity awards over the period that services are provided to earn the award. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model includes assumptions regarding dividend yields, expected volatility, expected option term and risk-free interest rates. The assumptions used in computing the fair value of share-based compensation expense reflect our best estimates, but involve uncertainties relating to market and other conditions, many of which are outside of our control. We estimate expected volatility based primarily on historical daily price changes of our stock and peers. The expected option term is the number of years that we estimate that the stock options will be outstanding prior to exercise. 
 Loans receivable, net 
 Loans receivable are presented net of an allowance for credit losses. In the third quarter of 2021, we changed methodologies for estimating the allowance for credit loss on loans receivable from the historical credit loss method to the probability of default method. The probability of default rate is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future losses as necessary. We may also record a specific reserve for individual accounts when we become aware of specific customer circumstances, such as in the case of a bankruptcy filing or deterioration in the borrower s operating results or financial condition. The allowance for credit loss accrual balance was 13.1 million and 14.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Interest rate risk 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the value or yield of fixed-income investments may decline if interest rates change. Fluctuations in interest rates may impact the level of income and expense recorded on the cash equivalents and short-term investments, and the market value of all interest-earning assets, other than those which possess a short-term to maturity. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had interest income, net of 22.5 million and 9.1 million, respectively. A 10 change in the interest rate in effect on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, would not have a material effect on (i) fair value of the cash equivalents and short-term investments as the majority of the portfolio has a maturity date of three months or less, or (ii) interest income, net. Management continues to monitor external interest rates and revise our investment strategy as a result. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our average variable interest rate increased by approximately 3.5 . During the year ended December 31, 2021, our average variable interest rate did not materially change. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign currency risk 
 Our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the annual report are expressed in U.S. dollars. In addition, we have net assets, liabilities, and revenues denominated in foreign currencies, including Canadian dollars and Israeli new shekels. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency translation gains and losses. Revenue and expenses of all foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the foreign currency exchange rates that approximate the rates in effect during the period when such items are recognized. Appreciating foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar will adversely impact operating income and net earnings, while depreciating foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar will have a positive impact. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had foreign currency gain (loss) on translation of (50.6) million and 8.2 million, respectively. A 10 change in the exchange rates for the Canadian dollar would affect the carrying amount of the net assets by approximately 77.4 million and 87.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The corresponding impact would be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. We have not historically engaged in hedging transactions and do not currently contemplate engaging in hedging transactions to mitigate foreign exchange risks. As we continue to recognize gains and losses in foreign currency transactions, depending upon changes in future currency rates, such gains and losses could have a significant, and potentially adverse, effect on our results of operations. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Table of Contents Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 74 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Net Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 80 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 82 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Cronos Group Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cronos Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of an option to purchase equity securities without a readily determinable fair value 
 As disclosed in note 1(g) of the consolidated financial statements, the Company records its other investments without a readily determinable fair value using the cost method, and assesses such investments for observable price changes and other than temporary impairment on a periodic basis. Changes in the reported value of other investments are reported in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). As disclosed in note 3(b) to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s investment in an option to purchase equity securities of PharmaCann, Inc. (the PharmaCann Option is accounted for as an other investment without a readily determinable fair value. To estimate the fair value of the PharmaCann Option, management uses a combination of the income and market approaches. Under the income approach, significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow method that require the use of judgment are the discount rate, terminal growth rate, cash flow projections, and the timing of federal legalization of cannabis in the United States. Under the market valuation approach, the key assumptions which require judgment under the Guideline Public Companies method are cash flow projections, selected multiples and the discount for lack of marketability. As disclosed in note 14(a) of the consolidated financial statements, the Company s other investment in PharmaCann Option amounted to 49,000 thousand as of December 31, 2022. 
 We identified the evaluation of the impairment assessment of PharmaCann Option as a critical audit matter. As the original cash flow projections of the investee were not prepared by management, a high degree of challenging auditor judgement was required to evaluate fair value of the investment. These assumptions were challenging to test as they represented subjective determinations of future market, economic, and legal conditions that are sensitive to variation. Minor changes to these assumptions could have had a significant 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 impact on the Company s assessment of the fair value of the PharmaCann Option. Additionally, the audit effort associated with this estimate required specialized skills and knowledge. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of an internal control related to the critical audit matter. We compared the historical cash flow projections of PharmaCann to actual results to assess the Company s ability to accurately project PharmaCann cash flows. We evaluated the reasonableness of the cash flow projections by comparing them to historical actual results, planned business initiatives, external industry reports, and peer data. We evaluated the reasonableness of the timing of federal legalization of cannabis in the United States by comparing management s estimated timing with external industry reports and market information. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 assessing the discount rate used in the income approach and the multiples used in the market approach against ranges that were independently developed using peer data 
 evaluating the terminal growth rate used in the income approach by comparing management s assumption against external market information 
 independently developing a discount for lack of marketability and comparing to management s assumption used in the market approach. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 Vaughan, Canada 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Cronos Group Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Cronos Group Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness, described below, on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness related to the design and maintenance of effective controls over Information Technology General Controls, pertaining to user access management and the provisioning and monitoring of user access, including privileged access was identified by management. This material weakness did not impact any information derived from information systems and did not result in any identified misstatements in the financial statements. The material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants 
 Vaughan, Canada 
 February 28, 2023 
 76 

CRONOS GROUP INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 
 Cronos Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars) 
 Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Other receivables Current portion of loans receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaids and other current assets Total current assets Equity method investments, net Other investments Non-current portion of loans receivable, net Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Income taxes payable Accrued liabilities Current portion of lease obligation Derivative liabilities Current portion due to non-controlling interests Total current liabilities Non-current portion due to non-controlling interests Non-current portion of lease obligation Deferred income tax liability Total liabilities Shareholders equity Share capital (authorized for issue as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: unlimited; shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: and , respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total equity attributable to shareholders of Cronos Group Non-controlling interests ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Net Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S dollars, except share and per share amounts) 
 Table of Contents 

 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net revenue, before excise taxes Excise taxes ) ) ) Net revenue Cost of sales Inventory write-down Gross profit ) ) Operating expenses Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Restructuring costs Share-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets Impairment loss on long-lived assets Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Other income (expense) Interest income, net Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities Share of income (loss) from equity method investments ) ) Gain (loss) on revaluation of financial instruments ) Impairment loss on other investments ) Foreign currency transaction loss ) Gain on disposal of investments Other, net ) ) Total other income (expense) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest ) ) Net loss attributable to Cronos Group ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Net loss ) ) ) Foreign exchange gain (loss) on translation ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Cronos Group ) ) ) Net loss from continuing operations per share Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S dollars, except number of share amounts) 
 Table of Contents 

Number of shares Share capital Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Non-controlling interests Total shareholders equity Balance as of January 1, 2020 ) Shares issued Share issuance costs Activities relating to share-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) Foreign exchange gain (loss) on translation ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Shares issued Share issuance costs Activities relating to share-based compensation ) ) Share issuance pursuant to research and development milestones Accelerated restricted share units vesting out-of-period adjustment ) Top-up rights out-of-period adjustment ) Net loss ) ) ) Foreign exchange gain on translation Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Activities relating to share-based compensation Share issuance pursuant to research and development milestones Net loss ) ) Foreign exchange gain (loss) on translation ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S dollars) 
 Table of Contents 

 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Share-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets Impairment loss on long-lived assets Impairment loss on other investments (Income) loss from investments ) ) Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities ) ) ) Changes in expected credit losses on long-term financial assets ) Gain on disposal of investments ) Non-cash sales and marketing Foreign currency transaction loss Other non-cash operating activities, net ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Other receivables ) ) Prepaids and other current assets Inventory, net ) ) Accounts payable ) ) ) Income taxes payable ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) Investing activities Proceeds from short-term investments Purchase of short-term investments ) ) ) Purchase of investments ) Dividend proceeds Repayments (advances) on loan receivables ) ) Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net of disposals ) ) ) Purchase of intangible assets, net of disposals ) ) ) Other investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S dollars) 
 Table of Contents 

 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Financing activities Advance to non-controlling interests ) Withholding taxes paid on equity awards ) ) ) Other financing activities, net ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplementary cash flow information: Interest received Taxes paid 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 1. 

(c) 
 
 Cronos Israel G.S. Manufacturing Ltd. (i) 
 Israel September 4, 2018 Cronos Israel G.S. Store Ltd. (i) 
 Israel June 28, 2018 Cronos Israel G.S. Pharmacy Ltd. (i) 
 Israel February 15, 2018 
 (i) These Israeli entities are collectively referred to as Cronos Israel. 

(d) 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

(e) 

(f) 
 (g) Investments 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 (h) 
 
 to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Furniture and fixtures years 
 
 When assets are disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and any related gain or loss is recognized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Significant expenditures, which increase productivity or extend the useful life of the asset, are capitalized. 
 Available for use is defined as the point at which the related property, plant and equipment is operational, including the possession of any requisite licenses. Depreciation commences at the point the assets are available for use. 
 (i) 
 years Health Canada licenses Straight-line Useful life of corresponding facilities Ginkgo exclusive licenses Straight-line years Israeli codes (i) 
 Straight-line Useful life of corresponding facilities 
 (i) The preliminary licenses granted to Kibbutz Gan Shmuel (the Cronos Israel joint venture partner) by the Medical Cannabis Unit of the Israeli Ministry of Health in early 2017 (the Israeli codes were transferred by non-controlling interests to Cronos Israel in exchange for equity interests in the Cronos Israel entities specified above. 
 Amortization begins when assets become available for use. The estimated useful life, amortization method, and rate are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. 
 Intangible assets originating from the strategic partnership (the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership with Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc. Ginkgo are accounted for in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. Equity interests issued in exchange for an asset are initially recognized and measured at the date of acquisition at fair value. We estimate fair value using the relief-from-royalty method and key assumptions include the discount rate and estimated life. Definite-lived intangible assets, including intangible assets originating from the Ginkgo Strategic Partnership, are subject to amortization and reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that fair value has been reduced to less than its carrying amount. 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 Accrued professional fees Accrued taxes Other accrued expenses Total accrued liabilities 
 
 (k) 
 (l) 
 and each period. The Company does not enter into or hold derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Derivative liabilities are initially recognized at fair value at the date on which the derivative contract was entered into. Any attributable transaction costs are recognized in net income (loss) as incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivative liabilities are measured at fair value at each reporting date until settlement with the re-measurement gain or loss being recognized immediately in net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). For more details on derivative liabilities consisting of the Altria Warrant, Pre-emptive Rights, and certain Top-up Rights, see Note 8 Derivative Liabilities. 
 (m) 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

(o) 
 
 (p) 
 Advertising costs were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 (q) 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

(r) 
 
 (s) 
 
 (t) 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

(u) 
 
 (v) 
 segments: the U.S. segment and the ROW segment. These segments represent the geographic regions in which the Company operates and the different product offerings within each geographic region. Refer to Note 12 Segment Information and Disaggregated Revenue for additional information. 
 (w) 
 
 (x) 
 (y) 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

2. 
 Work-in-progress Finished goods Supplies and consumables Total 

3. 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 impairment charges were recorded. There were no such indicators of impairment present for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Natuera 
 Upon formation, Natuera was a joint venture registered in Luxembourg with the objective of cultivating and commercializing hemp and cannabis products, and its economic performance is driven by the quantity and strains of cannabis grown. Until December 2022, the Company held variable interests in Natuera through its ownership of of Natuera s common shares. An affiliate of Agroidea SAS, a Colombian agricultural services provider, owned the remaining of Natuera s common shares (such affiliate, the Natuera JV Partner ). In December 2022, Natuera entered into a million convertible bridge loan with the Natuera JV Partner and a new investment group, whereby the Natuera JV Partner and the new investment group provided million in exchange for convertible notes that were converted into equity immediately following the closing of the loan. Post-closing, the Company s ownership share was diluted to approximately and the Company will no longer have any members on the board of directors of Natuera. Given these changes in ownership and board representation, the Company believes it no longer exerts significant influence over Natuera, has discontinued accounting for the investment under the equity method and has reclassified its investment in Natuera as an investment in equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, presented in Other Investments on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company concluded that lower than expected sales forecasts as of December 31, 2021 were an other than temporary indicator of impairment for the Company s equity method investment in Natuera. Accordingly, the Company performed a qualitative assessment to determine whether there was any value remaining in the investment. As a result of this analysis, the Company concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, the estimated fair value was , and was recorded as an impairment loss on equity method investments on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 CLS 
 CLS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cannasoul Analytics Ltd., incorporated with the purpose of establishing a commercial cannabis analytical testing laboratory located on the premises of Cronos Israel (the Cannasoul Collaboration ). Cronos Israel agreed to advance up to ILS by a non-recourse loan (the Cannasoul Collaboration Loan to CLS over a period of from April 1, 2020 for the capital and operating expenditures of the laboratory. The loan bears interest at annually. Cronos Israel will receive of the profits of the laboratory until such time as it has recovered of the amounts advanced to CLS, after which time it will receive of the laboratory profits. As a result, the Company is exposed to economic variability from CLS s performance. The Company does not consolidate CLS as it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance; thus, the Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of the entity. The carrying amount of the non-recourse loan is recorded under loans receivable and the full loan amount, ILS , represents the Company s maximum potential exposure to losses through the Cannasoul Collaboration. See Note 4 Loans Receivable, net for further information regarding loans receivable. 
 Natuera (i, ii, iii) 
 / (iii) 
 N/A 
 (i) On April 1, 2021, the Company and the Natuera JV Partner, converted all advances made to Natuera under the master loan agreement entered into with Natuera on September 27, 2019 (the Natuera Series A Loan ), plus accrued interest, into equity of Natuera Natuera Debt Conversion ). Total aggregate gross advances to Natuera under the Natuera Series A Loan were , of which the Company advanced and the Natuera JV Partner advanced the remaining , or each. As a result, the Company transferred the carrying amount of the Natuera Series A Loan of approximately plus accrued interest of , for a total investment value of , which approximated the then fair value, to investments in equity accounted investees in respect of Natuera. See Note 4 Loans Receivable, net. 
 90 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 being recorded as an impairment loss on equity method investments in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 (iii) As of December 31, 2022, the Company classifies its investment in Natuera as an investment in equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, presented in Other Investments on the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ownership interest in Natuera was approximately . 
 The following is a summary of the Company s share of net income (losses) from equity investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Vitura (i) 
 N/A ) ) Cronos GrowCo ) ) Natuera (ii)(iii) 
 N/A ) ) ) ) 
 (i) As of December 31, 2022, the Company held a ownership interest in Vitura, and Vitura is no longer considered an equity-method investment. As of December 31, 2020, and up to December 16, 2021, the Company held a ownership interest in Vitura and was considered an equity-method investment. The gross investment balance in Vitura was offset by equity losses as of December 31, 2020. 
 (ii) As of December 31, 2021, the combination of the Company s share of accumulated net losses and impairment charges was in excess of its equity investment in Natuera, and the net book value of the investment was zero. 
 (iii) As of December 31, 2022, the Company classifies its investment in Natuera as an investment in equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, presented in Other Investments on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 The following is a summary of financial information for the Company s equity method investments: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Current assets Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Gross profit ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) 
 The following is a summary of the maximum exposure to loss from the Company s investments in equity method investments: 
 Ownership interest Other Net Assets (Liabilities) Maximum Exposure to Loss Cronos GrowCo Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Ownership interest Other Net Assets (Liabilities) Maximum Exposure to Loss Cronos GrowCo Natuera Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 91 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 shares of Class A Common Stock of PharmaCann, Inc. PharmaCann ), a vertically integrated cannabis company in the United States, at an exercise price of per share, representing approximately of PharmaCann s issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted basis as of the date of the PharmaCann Option, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately . The option exercise will be based upon various factors, including the status of U.S. federal cannabis legalization, as well as regulatory approvals, including in the states where PharmaCann operates that may be required upon exercise. The Company has deemed its influence in PharmaCann to be non-significant. The PharmaCann Option is classified as an investment in an equity security without a readily determinable fair value. The Company measures the PharmaCann Option at cost less accumulated impairment charges, if any, and subsequently adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The PharmaCann Option is reported as other investments on the consolidated balance sheet for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 On February 28, 2022, PharmaCann closed its previously announced transaction with LivWell Holdings, Inc. LivWell pursuant to which PharmaCann acquired LivWell (the LivWell Transaction ). LivWell is a multi-state cannabis cultivation and retail leader based in Colorado. As a result of the LivWell Transaction, the Company s ownership percentage in PharmaCann on a fully diluted basis decreased to approximately . As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ownership percentage in PharmaCann on a fully diluted basis was approximately . Under the terms of the Company s investment in PharmaCann, the Company s rights to nominate an observer or a director to the PharmaCann board of directors could be lost if the Company s ownership drops below on a fully diluted basis and it sells or transfer all or any portion of the option (subject to certain exceptions). As a result, further dilution could adversely affect the Company s rights under the PharmaCann Option. The decrease in the Company s ownership percentage since acquisition does not materially affect the Company s rights under the PharmaCann Option. 
 During the first, third and fourth quarters of 2022, the Company identified adverse forecast changes in the financial performance of PharmaCann as indicators of impairment related to the PharmaCann Option and conducted analyses comparing the PharmaCann Option s carrying amount to its estimated fair value. The fair value was estimated using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. Under the income approach, significant inputs used in the discounted cash flow method include discount rate, growth rates, and cash flow projections. Under the market valuation approach, the key assumptions are the selected multiples and the discount for lack of marketability. As a result of these analyses, the Company recorded non-cash impairment charges of . and in the first, third and fourth quarters of 2022, respectively, as the difference between the carrying amount of the PharmaCann Option and its estimated fair value, in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company performed an assessment on the existence of impairment indicators on the PharmaCann Option and noted no indicators of impairment existed. As such, no impairment loss on the investment was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Vitura (formerly known as Cronos Australia) 
 On September 14, 2021, Cronos Australia (now, Vitura Health Limited) entered into a merger agreement to acquire 100 of the issued shares of CDA Health Pty Ltd, an Australian medicinal cannabis company, subject to customary closing conditions, including shareholder approval (the Cronos Australia Merger ). The Cronos Australia Merger closed on December 16, 2021. In connection with the closing of the Cronos Australia Merger, all advances made under the Company s A unsecured loan to Cronos Australia, plus accrued interest and certain royalties payable, were converted into ordinary shares of Cronos Australia. In addition, the Company s ownership interest in Cronos Australia decreased to approximately and the Company s number of Cronos Australia board seats was reduced from to . On November 29, 2022, the shareholders of Cronos Australia approved the proposal to change the name of the company to Vitura Health Limited (the CAU Name Change ). On December 2, 2022, in connection with the CAU Name Change, Vitura and the Company mutually agreed to terminate the intellectual property license that granted Vitura the right to use certain intellectual property of the Company, including, but not limited to, the Cronos name and the PEACE NATURALS brand. Vitura has 180 days following the date of termination to cease all usage of the Company s intellectual property. The reduction in ownership interest and loss of all board seats constituted a loss of significant influence and resulted in a reclassification on the consolidated balance sheet from investments in equity method investments using the equity method of accounting to other investments using the fair value method of accounting, with unrealized holding gains and losses included in net income (loss) on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 92 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 and , included in the gain on revaluation of financial instruments on the statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s investment in Vitura was and , included in other investments on the balance sheet, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 ) Vitura ) ) ) 
 (c) Disposal of investments 
 
 (i) During the year ended December 31, 2020, in connection with the achievement of certain milestones related to the Whistler Transaction, the Company received common shares of Aurora Cannabis Inc. Aurora ). The Company sold all of the Aurora common shares during the year ended December 31, 2020, for gross proceeds of approximately , resulting in a gain on disposal of investments being recorded on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

4. 
 Add: Accrued interest Total current portion of loans receivable GrowCo Credit Facility 
 Mucci Promissory Note 
 Cannasoul Collaboration loan Add: Long-term portion of accrued interest Total long-term portion of loans receivable Total loans receivable 
 
 Cronos GrowCo Credit Facility 
 On August 23, 2019, the Company, as lender, and Cronos GrowCo, as borrower, entered into a senior secured credit agreement for an aggregate principal amount of C (the GrowCo Credit Facility ). In August 2021, the GrowCo Credit Facility was amended to increase the aggregate principal amount available to C . As a result of the increase in the aggregate principal amount of the GrowCo Credit Facility and lower than expected sales forecasts from Cronos GrowCo, the Company revalued its allowance for credit loss on the GrowCo Credit Facility resulting in an increase in the allowance of , which was recorded in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. In conjunction with the aforementioned revaluation, the Company changed its expected credit loss valuation methodology from the historical credit loss method to the probability of default method. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Cronos GrowCo had drawn C and C ), respectively, from the GrowCo Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, Cronos GrowCo had repaid C in principal under the terms of the GrowCo Credit Facility. 
 
 93 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 (approximately with Mucci. The Mucci Promissory Note is secured by a general security agreement covering all the assets of Mucci. On September 30, 2022, the Mucci Promissory Note was amended and restated to increase the interest rate from to the Canadian Prime Rate plus , change the interest payments from quarterly to annual, and defer Mucci s initial cash interest payment from September 30, 2022 to July 1, 2023. This debt modification resulted in an increase of approximately C in interest income. 
 
 Cannasoul Collaboration Loan 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, CLS has received ILS (approximately and , respectively), from the Cannasoul Collaboration Loan. See Note 3 Investments for further information regarding the Cannasoul Collaboration Loan. 
 
 ) ) Mucci Promissory Note ) Cannasoul Collaboration Loan ) ) ) 
 As of January 1, 2021 Increase (decrease) (i) 
 Foreign exchange effect As of December 31, 2021 GrowCo Credit Facility ) Natuera Series A Loan ) Mucci Promissory Note ) Cannasoul Collaboration Loan ) 
 (i) During the year ended December 31, 2021, of expected credit losses on long-term financial assets was transferred to investments in equity method investments in relation to the Natuera Debt Conversion, as the carrying amount of the loan receivable, net, approximated fair value as of the date of transfer. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, ) and , respectively, were recorded to general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) as a result of adjustments to our expected credit losses. 
 
 5. 
 Building and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Less: accumulated impairment charges ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment was , and , respectively, and was included in cost of sales as well as depreciation and amortization in operating expenses on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 94 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 related to leasehold improvements and other office equipment that it plans to include in any potential sublease agreement of the Company s corporate headquarters, encompassing approximately square feet, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The determination to seek a sublease of the property and include leasehold improvements and other office equipment in any potential sublease agreement triggered the impairment charges. The impairment charge was recognized as impairment loss on long-lived assets on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company concluded that indicators of impairment were present with respect to its Canadian asset group in connection with the previously anticipated wind-down and closure of the Company s facility in Stayner, Ontario. As a result, the Company compared the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the Canadian asset group to their respective carrying amounts and recorded a non-cash impairment charge on long-lived assets of as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset group and its estimated fair value for the year ended December 31, 2021, in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 During the third quarter of 2021, in connection with the Company s reassessment of indicators of impairment relating to the U.S. segment s property, plant and equipment asset group for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, the Company concluded that triggers were present that indicated that the carrying amounts of those assets were not recoverable. Accordingly, the Company compared the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows attributable to the U.S. asset group (the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are available) to their respective carrying amount and recorded a non-cash impairment charge on long-lived assets of for the difference between the carrying amount of the asset group and its estimated fair values in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the second quarter of 2021, the Company recognized an impairment charge of related to leasehold improvements located within leased premises, encompassing approximately square feet, in Los Angeles, California, which the Company determined it no longer had plans to use. The significant change in the extent and manner in which the leasehold improvements are being used and the expectation that, more likely than not, the leasehold improvements will be disposed of before the end of their useful life triggered an impairment. The impairment charges were recognized in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) as an impairment loss on long-lived assets. 
 There were impairment charges on property, plant and equipment during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 6. 
 Redwood ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2021 Cost Accumulated impairment charges Net Peace Naturals Redwood ) ) 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 Accumulated impairment charges on goodwill consist of: 
 As of January 1, 2022 Impairment charges Foreign exchange effect As of December 31, 2022 Redwood ) ) 
 95 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts ) ) 
 In 2019, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of each of the Redwood operating subsidiaries (collectively Redwood for an aggregate consideration of (the Redwood Acquisition ), which included in cash and common shares of the Company with a fair value of . Goodwill attributable to the acquisition was . The Company is required to perform a quantitative analysis of goodwill to test for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that fair value of the reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount. Under ASC 350 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other , the qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic conditions, and changes in projected future cash flows or planned revenue or earnings of the reporting unit as indicators of impairment when determining the need for a quantitative assessment of impairment. 
 During the third quarter of 2021, the Company reassessed the existence of impairment indicators on goodwill associated with the U.S. reporting unit, derived from the Redwood Acquisition, and the Lord Jones brand indefinite-lived intangible asset as of June 30, 2021, and determined that quantitative impairment analyses were required as of June 30, 2021 due to slower actual revenue growth as compared to previous revenue growth forecasts and significant pricing pressures brought about by increased competition and aggressive discounting in the U.S. reporting unit and associated with the Lord Jones brand indefinite-lived intangible asset. As such, the Company reassessed its estimates and forecasts as of June 30, 2021, to determine the fair values of the reporting unit and intangible asset using a discounted cash flow method on the reporting unit and the relief-from-royalty method on the Lord Jones brand. Significant inputs include discount rates, growth rates, and cash flow projections, and, for the Lord Jones brand, royalty rate. These valuation inputs are considered Level 3 inputs as defined by ASC 820 Fair Value Measurement . As a result of the analysis as of June 30, 2021, the Company concluded that the carrying amount of the U.S. reporting unit exceeded its fair value, which resulted in the recognition of an impairment charge of on goodwill associated with its U.S. reporting unit on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 In June 2020, the Company concluded that the projected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its sales and revenues in the near term, together with the volatility in the market conditions during the second quarter, represented indicators of impairment for the Company s U.S. reporting unit. Accordingly, the Company performed an interim impairment analysis as of June 30, 2020, which revealed the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeded its fair value. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of on goodwill associated with its U.S. reporting unit for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (b) Intangible assets, net 
 ) ) Health Canada licenses ) ) Ginkgo exclusive licenses ) ) Israeli codes (i) 
 ) Total definite-lived intangible assets ) ) Lord Jones brand 
 ) Trademarks ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 96 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 ) ) Health Canada licenses ) ) Ginkgo exclusive licenses ) ) Israeli codes (i) 
 ) Total definite-lived intangible assets ) ) Lord Jones brand 
 ) Trademarks ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 (i) The Israeli codes were transferred by non-controlling interests to Cronos Israel in exchange for their equity interests in the Cronos Israel entities. 
 Ginkgo Exclusive Licenses 
 CBGA 
 In August 2021, the Company achieved the final productivity target in respect of cannabigerolic acid CBGA ), under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. As a result, on August 21, 2021, the Company issued common shares at a share price of C for total consideration given of C to Ginkgo through the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement for the achievement of commercialization and productivity milestones for CBGA. The estimated fair value of the exclusive license for CBGA (the CBGA Exclusive License was determined using a variation of the income approach called the relief-from-royalty method, which requires an estimate or forecast of the expected future cash flows. The definite-lived intangible asset is being amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life of years. The difference between the consideration paid to Ginkgo and the fair value of the exclusive license intangible asset of was recognized as an impairment charge on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 CBGVA 
 In November, 2021, the Company achieved the final productivity target in respect of cannabigerovarinic acid CBGVA ). As a result, on November 12, 2021, the Company issued common shares at a share price of C for total consideration given of C to Ginkgo. The estimated fair value of the exclusive license for CBGVA (the CBGVA Exclusive License was determined using a variation of the income approach called the relief-from-royalty method, which requires an estimate or forecast of the expected future cash flows. The definite-lived intangible asset is being amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life of years. The difference between the consideration paid to Ginkgo and the fair value of the exclusive license intangible asset of was recognized as an impairment charge on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 THCVA 
 In June 2022, the Company achieved the final productivity target in respect of tetrahydrocannabivaric acid THCVA under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. As a result, the Company issued common shares at a share price of C , and made a cash payment of , for total consideration of C to Ginkgo through the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. The definite-lived intangible asset is being amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life of years. 
 CBCA 
 In November 2022, the Company achieved the early commercialization milestone in respect of cannabichromenic acid CBCA under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. As a result, the Company issued common shares at a share price of C for total consideration of C to Ginkgo through the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. The definite-lived intangible asset is being amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life of years. 
 CBCVA 
 In December 2022, the Company achieved the final productivity target in respect of cannabichromevarinic acid CBCVA under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. As a result, the Company issued common shares at a share price of C for total consideration of C to Ginkgo through the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. The definite-lived intangible asset is being amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life of years. 
 97 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 , and , respectively, and was included in depreciation and amortization in operating expenses on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Impairment of Intangible Assets) ) ) Health Canada licenses ) ) Ginkgo exclusive licenses ) ) Lord Jones brand 
 ) ) Trademarks ) ) ) ) ) 
 As at January 1, 2021 Impairment charges Foreign exchange effect As at December 31, 2021 Software ) ) Health Canada licenses ) ) ) Ginkgo exclusive licenses ) ) Lord Jones brand ) ) ) Trademarks ) ) ) ) ) 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, in connection with the previously anticipated wind-down and closure of the Company s facility in Stayner, Ontario, the Company determined that the Peace Naturals Health Canada license associated with ongoing use of the Peace Naturals Campus for cannabis cultivation and production was also impaired. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment loss on long-lived assets in its ROW segment of in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As mentioned above, during third and fourth quarter of 2021, the fair value of each of the Company s Ginkgo exclusive licenses for cannabinoids that achieved productivity milestones in 2021 were deemed to be lower than the consideration paid for each of those licenses. As a result, the Company recorded an aggregate impairment loss of on long-lived assets for the year ended December 31, 2021 in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 During the third quarter of 2021, the Company concluded the carrying amount of the Lord Jones brand exceeded its fair value, which resulted in impairment charges of on its Lord Jones brand in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2021, due to the U.S. segment s sustained operating losses and lack of revenue growth, the Company performed an additional impairment test on Lord Jones brand intangible asset. As a result, the Company concluded the carrying amount of the Lord Jones brand exceeded its fair value, which resulted in an additional impairment charge of on its Lord Jones brand for the year ended December 31, 2021 in the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 98 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Impairment charges on the Company s Health Canada licenses for the year ended December 31, 2020 are related to the discontinuation of Original B.C. Ltd. OGBC ). 

7. 
 to , excluding land use rights, which generally extend to years. These leases often include options to extend the term of the lease for up to years. When it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised, the impact of the option is included in the lease term for purposes of determining total future lease payments. 
 Operating leases greater than one year are included in right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. Finance leases are included in property, plant and equipment on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company s finance leases were not material for any of the periods presented. 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost Supplemental cash flow and other information Operating cash flows - cash paid for operating lease obligations Non-cash activity - right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) operating leases Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the aggregate depreciation expense on right-of-use assets was , and , respectively, and was included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an impairment charge of related to the right-of-use lease asset associated with the Company s corporate headquarters, encompassing approximately square feet, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, for which the Company determined it would seek a sublease. 
 During the year ended, December 31, 2021, the Company recognized an impairment charge of related to the right-of-use asset associated with leased premises, encompassing approximately square feet, in Los Angeles, California, which the Company determined it no longer had plans to use. The significant change in the extent and manner in which the leased asset was being used and the expectation that, more likely than not, the leased asset would be abandoned before the end of the lease term triggered an impairment. 
 99 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 In addition to the minimum lease payments, the Company is required to pay realty taxes and other occupancy costs in accordance with the terms of the lease agreements. 
 
 8. 
 common shares of the Company and warrant of the Company (the Altria Warrant ), issued to a wholly owned subsidiary of Altria. As of the closing date of the Altria Investment, Altria beneficially held an approximate ownership interest in the Company (calculated on a non-diluted basis). As summarized in this note, if exercised in full on such date, the exercise of the Altria Warrant would have resulted in Altria holding a total ownership interest in the Company of approximately (calculated on a non-diluted basis). On December 16, 2022, Altria notified the Company that it was irrevocably relinquishing all of its rights, title and interest in the Altria Warrant, effective immediately. As a result, the Company s liability associated with the Altria Warrant was reduced to , with the change recorded to gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Pursuant to the investor rights agreement between the Company and Altria, entered into in connection with the closing of the Altria Investment (the Investor Rights Agreement ), the Company granted Altria certain rights, among others, summarized in this note. 
 The summaries below are qualified entirely by the terms and conditions fully set out in the Investor Rights Agreement and the Altria Warrant, as applicable. 
 a. The Altria Warrant entitled the holder, subject to certain qualifications and limitations, to subscribe for and purchase up to an additional of the common shares of Cronos at a per share exercise price of C , which was set to expire on March 8, 2023. The Altria Warrant was irrevocably relinquished by Altria on December 16, 2022. 
 b. The Company granted to Altria, subject to certain qualifications and limitations, upon the occurrence of certain issuances of common shares of the Company executed by the Company (including issuances pursuant to the research and development R D partnership with Ginkgo, (refer to Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies ), the right to purchase up to such number of common shares of the Company in order to maintain their ownership percentage of issued and outstanding common shares of the Company immediately preceding any issuance of shares by the Company Pre-emptive Rights ), at the same price per common share of the Company at which the common shares are sold in the relevant issuance; provided that if the consideration paid in connection with any such issuance is non-cash, the price per common share of the Company that would have been received had such common shares been issued for cash consideration will be determined by an independent committee (acting reasonably and in good faith); provided further that the price per common share of the Company to be paid by Altria pursuant to its exercise of its Pre-emptive Rights related to the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement will be C per common share. These rights may not be exercised if Altria s ownership percentage of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company falls below . 
 100 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 -day volume-weighted average price of the common shares of the Company on the TSX for the full days preceding such exercise by Altria; provided that the price per common share of the Company to be paid by Altria pursuant to the exercise of its Top-up Rights in connection with the issuance of common shares of the Company pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants that were outstanding as of March 8, 2019 will be C per common share without any set off, counterclaim, deduction, or withholding. These rights may not be exercised if Altria s ownership percentage of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company falls below . The Altria Warrant, Pre-emptive Rights, and fixed price Top-up Rights have been classified as derivative liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Altria beneficially held of the Company s common shares, an approximate ownership interest in the Company (calculated on a non-diluted basis). 
 ) ) (b) Pre-emptive Rights ) ) (c) Top-up Rights ) ) ) ) 
 As of January 1, 2021 Gain on revaluation Foreign exchange effect 
 As of December 31, 2021 (a) Altria Warrant ) (b) Pre-emptive Rights ) (c) Top-up Rights ) ) 
 Fluctuations in the expected life of the derivative instruments and the Company s share price are primary drivers for the changes in the derivative valuations during each reporting period. As the period of time the derivative liability is expected to be outstanding decreases and the share price decreases, the fair value typically decreases for each related derivative instrument. Weighted-average expected life and share price are two of the significant observable inputs used in the fair value measurement of each of the Company s derivative instruments. 
 Subscription price (per share in C Weighted average risk-free interest rate (i) 
 Weight average expected life (in years) (ii) 
 Expected annualized volatility (iii) 
 Expected dividend yield 
 101 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 Subscription price (per share in C Weighted average risk-free interest rate (i) 
 Weight average expected life (in years) (ii) 
 Expected annualized volatility (iii) 
 Expected dividend yield 
 (i) The risk-free interest rate was based on Bank of Canada government treasury bills and bonds with a remaining term equal to the expected life of the derivative liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the risk-free interest rate uses a range of approximately to and to , respectively, for the Pre-emptive Rights and Top-up Rights. 
 (ii) The expected life represents the period of time, in years, that the derivative liabilities are expected to be outstanding. The expected life of the Pre-emptive Rights and Top-up Rights is determined based on the expected term of the underlying options, warrants, and shares, to which the Pre-emptive Rights and Top-up Rights are linked. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the expected life uses a range of approximately years to years and years to years, respectively. 
 
 Weighted average expected life Expected annualized volatility 
 10 decrease as of December 31, 2021 Altria Warrant Pre-emptive Rights Top-up Rights Share price at issuance date Weighted average expected life Expected annualized volatility 

102 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 9. 
 common shares of the Company (aggregate value of approximately as of July 17, 2018 assuming all milestones are met, collectively the Ginkgo Equity Milestones in tranches and in cash subject to Ginkgo s achievement of certain milestones and to fund certain R D expenses, including foundry access fees. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, shares and shares, respectively, of the Company s common stock were issued in conjunction with this partnership. shares were issued for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (ii) Technion. On October 15, 2018, the Company entered into a sponsored research agreement with the Technion Research and Development Foundation of the Technion Israel Institute of Technology Technion ). Research was focused on the use of cannabinoids and their role in regulating skin health and skin disorders. This research was conducted by Technion over a three-year period and concluded during the fourth quarter of 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company funded of cash payments related to this agreement. The Company had no further funding requirements as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 On February 18, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with a wholly owned subsidiary of Altria (which agreement was subsequently amended and restated to substitute Altria Pinnacle as a party thereto), to receive strategic advisory and project management services from Altria Pinnacle (the Services Agreement ). Pursuant to the Services Agreement, the Company will pay Altria Pinnacle a monthly fee equal to the product of and the sum of: (i) all costs directly associated with the services incurred during the monthly period, and (ii) a reasonable and appropriate allocation of indirect costs incurred during the monthly period. The Company will also pay all third-party direct charges incurred during the monthly period in connection with the services, including any reasonable and documented costs, fees and expenses associated with obtaining any consent, license or permit. The Services Agreement will remain in effect until terminated by either party. See Note 15 Related Party Transactions . 
 (b) Contingencies 
 The Company is subject to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business and in connection with its marketing, distribution and sale of its products. Many of these legal proceedings are in the early stages of litigation and seek damages that are unspecified or not quantified. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe these legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial condition but could be material to its results of operations for any particular reporting period depending, in part, on its results for that period. 
 (i) Class action complaints relating to restatement of 2019 interim financial statements 
 On March 11 and 12, 2020, alleged shareholders of the Company separately filed putative class action complaints in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York against the Company and its Chief Executive Officer and now former Chief Financial Officer. The court has consolidated the cases, and the consolidated amended complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder against all defendants, and Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the individual defendants. The consolidated amended complaint generally alleges that certain of the Company s prior public statements about revenues and internal control were incorrect based on the Company s disclosures relating to the Audit Committee of the Board of Director s review of the appropriateness of revenue recognized in connection with certain bulk resin purchases and sales of products through the wholesale channel. The consolidated amended complaint does not quantify a damage request. Defendants moved to dismiss on February 8, 2021. 
 103 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 million to fully settle the matter, and acknowledged that it had failed to comply with the requirement under Section 77 of the Securities Act (Ontario) to file interim financial reports in the manner set out therein and had acted in a manner contrary to the public interest. Additionally, the Company agreed to retain the Consultant to engage in a review of, and make recommendations with respect to, certain of the Company s internal accounting controls and internal control over financing reporting, on substantially the same terms as were required by the SEC pursuant the SEC Order. 
 104 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 million for breach of contract, compensatory damages, and unjust enrichment or such other amount as may be proven in trial and C million in punitive damages against each defendant, including the Company. The Third Amended Statement of Claim also seeks interest and costs associated with the action. The Company has not responded to the Third Amended Statement of Claim. On January 31, 2022, upon consent of the Company and the plaintiffs, the court dismissed the case in its entirety as to the Company. 
 A number of claims, including purported class actions, have been brought in the U.S. against companies engaged in the U.S. hemp business alleging, among other things, violations of state consumer protection, health and advertising laws. On April 8, 2020, a putative class action complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against Redwood, alleging violations of California s Unfair Competition Law, False Advertising Law, Consumers Legal Remedies Act, and breaches of the California Commercial Code for breach of express warranties and implied warranty of merchantability with respect to Redwood s marketing and sale of U.S. hemp products. The complaint did not quantify a damage request. On April 10, 2020, the class action complaint was dismissed for certain pleading deficiencies and the plaintiff was granted leave until April 24, 2020 to amend the complaint to establish federal subject matter jurisdiction. On April 28, 2020, the action was dismissed without prejudice for failure to prosecute and for failure to comply with a court order. As of the date of this Annual Report, the plaintiff has not refiled the complaint. 

10. 
 RSUs Liability-classified awards (i) 
 Total share-based compensation 
 (i) Represents share-based compensation awards conditionally approved for grant to one of the Company s former executives for a fixed monetary value, but a variable number of shares. These awards were liability-classified until the number of shares was determined. 
 
 (b) Stock options 
 The Company adopted the 2015 Stock Option Plan, which was approved by shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting of shareholders held on June 28, 2017. The 2015 Stock Option Plan allowed the Board to award options to purchase shares to directors, officers, key employees and service providers of the Company. As of June 28, 2018, further awards will be granted under the 2015 Stock Option Plan; however, shares may be purchased via option exercise by the holders of any outstanding options previously issued under the 2015 Stock Option Plan. 
 On June 28, 2018, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2018 Stock Option Plan, which replaced the 2015 Stock Option Plan. The 2018 Stock Option Plan terminated the Company s ability to grant equity under the 2015 Stock Option Plan. As of June 25, 
 105 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 further awards will be granted under the 2018 Stock Option Plan; however, shares may be purchased via option exercise by the holders of any outstanding options previously issued under the 2018 Stock Option Plan. 
 On March 29, 2020, the Board adopted the 2020 Omnibus Plan, which was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the annual and special meeting of shareholders held on June 25, 2020. The 2020 Omnibus Plan provides for grants of stock options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, RSUs and other share-based or cash-based awards, which are subject to terms as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee ), and awards may be granted to eligible employees, non-employee directors and consultants. The 2020 Omnibus Plan terminated the Company s ability to grant equity awards under the 2018 Stock Option Plan and RSUs under the Employment Inducement Award Plan. 
 Options represent the right to purchase Company common shares on the date of exercise at a stated exercise price. The exercise price of an option generally must be at least equal to the fair market value of the Company common shares on the date of grant. Vesting conditions for grants of options are determined by the Compensation Committee. The typical vesting for stock option grants is quarterly vesting over three to . The maximum term of options granted under the 2020 Omnibus Plan is . Participants under the 2020 Omnibus Plan are eligible to be granted options to purchase shares at an exercise price established upon approval of the grant by the Compensation Committee. When options are granted, the exercise price is, with respect to a particular date, the closing price as reported by the TSX or the Nasdaq and, if the shares are not traded on the TSX or the Nasdaq, any other stock exchange on which the Company s common shares are traded (as selected by the Compensation Committee in good faith taking into account applicable legal and tax requirements) on the immediately preceding trading day (the Fair Market Value ). The 2020 Omnibus Plan does not authorize grants of options with an exercise price below the Fair Market Value. 
 Issuance of options Exercise of options ) Cancellation, forfeiture and expiry of options ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Weighted average exercise price (C (i) 
 Number of options Weighted average remaining contractual term (years) Balance as of January 1, 2021 Issuance of options Exercise of options ) Cancellation, forfeiture and expiry of options ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Exercisable at December 31, 2021 
 (i) The weighted average exercise price reflects the conversion of foreign currency-denominated stock options translated into C using the average foreign exchange rate as of the date of issuance. 
 106 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 and C , respectively. 
 C Exercise price (per option) C C Risk-free interest rate Expected life of options (in years) (i) 
 Expected annualized volatility Expected dividend yield Weighted average Black-Scholes value at grant date (per option) C C Forfeiture rate 
 
 2018 Stock Option Plan 2015 Stock Option Plan Total stock options outstanding 
 (c) Restricted share units 
 RSUs are granted under the 2020 Omnibus Plan. RSUs represent an equivalent amount of Company common shares on the date of issuance at fair value. Fair value is determined using the closing price of the trading day immediately preceding the date of grant. RSUs issued under the 2020 Omnibus Plan typically vest over a period following the grant date and have no performance requirements. 
 Granted (i)(ii) 
 Vested and issued ) Cancellation and forfeitures ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Weighted average grant date fair value (C (ii) 
 Number of RSUs Balance at January 1, 2021 Granted (i) 
 Vested and issued ) Cancellation and forfeitures ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 (i) RSUs granted in the period vest annually in equal installments over a period from either the grant date or after a three or cliff-period. All RSUs are subject to such holder s continued employment through each vesting date. The vesting of such RSUs is not subject to the achievement of any performance criteria. 
 (ii) Equity grants for 2020, 2021 and 2022 were held back for certain executives of the Company in connection with ongoing investigations by the SEC and the OSC, which were subsequently settled on October 24, 2022. On August 5, 2022, the Compensation Committee approved the release of these held-back equity grants conditioned upon settlement of the SEC and OSC investigations. These RSUs vest in equal installments over a period of three years from what would have been their original grant dates had the grants not been withheld. 
 (iii) The weighted-average grant date fair value reflects the conversion of foreign currency-denominated RSUs translated into C using the foreign exchange rate as of the date of issuance. 
 107 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 Granting and vesting of DSUs Gain on revaluation ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Financial liability Number of DSUs Balance at January 1, 2021 Granting and vesting of DSUs Liabilities settled ) ) Loss on revaluation ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 (e) Warrants 
 Exercise of warrants ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no warrants outstanding. 
 (f) Liability-classified awards 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee conditionally approved the grant to one of the Company s former executives of share-based compensation awards for a fixed monetary amount, but a variable number of common shares. These awards were liability-classified until the number of common shares was determined. 
 Grants Transfers to equity awards ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021, there were no liability-classified awards outstanding. 
 
 108 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 11.) ) United States ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 The loss before income taxes above excludes losses from discontinued operations of , and for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 ) United States ) Total ) Deferred: Rest of World ) United States Total ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company s current income taxes payable were , and , respectively, related to current income tax expense. Included in other receivables as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is , and , respectively, related to current income tax benefits. 
 109 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 
 ) ) Effective income tax rate Expected income tax benefit ) ) ) Non-taxable income (loss) ) ) Non-deductible share-based compensation Non-deductible expenses Non-deductible transaction costs Effect of provincial tax rate difference ) ) ) Effect of tax rates outside of Canada ) ) Effect of change in tax rates Fair value gain on financial liabilities ) ) ) Changes in valuation allowance ) Capital gain on financial liabilities Other ) Income tax expense (benefit), net ) 
 The valuation allowance recorded against the loss on discontinued operations is not reflected in the effective tax rate reconciliation presented above for continuing operations. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company realized a capital gain for tax purposes of as a result of Altria s irrevocable relinquishment of the Altria Warrant on December 16, 2022, resulting in an increase in the total income tax expense reported for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 110 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 Interest expense carryforwards Deferred financing costs Share issuance cost Finance lease obligation Plant and equipment Investment Intangible asset Inventory Reserve R D investment tax credits Other Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use assets ) ) Unrealized foreign exchange ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) (i) 
 ) 
 (i) Net deferred tax asset (liability) is reported as Other assets within our consolidated balance sheet. 
 The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the Company s generating sufficient taxable income in the years that the temporary differences become deductible. A valuation allowance has been provided for the deferred tax assets that the Company determined did not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold under U.S. GAAP. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s valuation allowance was and , respectively. The valuation allowance decreased by during the year ended December 31, 2022, and increased by during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to the recognition of a portion of deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was recorded in the prior year. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating losses in Canada, the U.S., and Israel available to offset future years taxable income of approximately , , , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had net operating losses in Canada, the U.S., and Israel available to offset future years taxable income of approximately , , and , respectively. The net operating losses in Canada will begin to expire, for purposes of carryforward, in fiscal year 2033. The net operating losses in the U.S. can be carried forward indefinitely for federal purposes. The net operating losses in Israel can be carried forward indefinitely. The decrease in net operating loss carry-forward balance reported in Canada was primarily due to the Company utilizing a portion of its net operating loss carry-forward balance in Canada to offset a portion of the capital gain realized as a result of Altria s irrevocable relinquishment of the Altria Warrant on December 16, 2022. 
 Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to limitations under the tax laws applicable in each tax jurisdiction due to ownership changes that could occur in the future. These ownership changes could limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets that can be utilized to offset future taxable income and tax expense. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by ownership changes, if any, will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has various scientific research and experimental development investment tax credit carryforwards of related to Canadian operations, which, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2040. Investment tax credits are recognized when realization of the tax credits is more likely than not. 
 The Company files federal income tax returns in Canada, Israel and the U.S. The Company has open tax years with the taxation jurisdictions. These open years contain certain matters that could be subject to differing interpretations of applicable tax laws and 
 111 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

Accounting guidance clarifies the accounting for uncertain tax positions and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for recording in the financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Additionally, the authoritative guidance addresses the derecognition, classification, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions. Only tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold may be recognized. There were no identified unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, deferred income taxes have not been provided for any undistributed earnings from operations outside of Canada. The foreign subsidiaries have accumulated losses and as such the amount of undistributed earnings upon which income taxes have not been provided is immaterial to these consolidated financial statements. 

12. 
 reportable segments: United States and Rest of World. The United States operating segment consists of the manufacture and distribution of U.S. hemp-derived products. The Rest of World operating segment is involved in the cultivation, manufacture, and marketing of cannabis-derived products for the medical and adult-use markets . These segments represent the geographic regions in which the Company operates and the different product offerings within each geographic region. The results of each segment are regularly reviewed by the CODM to assess the performance of the segment and make decisions regarding the allocation of resources. The CODM reviews adjusted earnings (loss) before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA as the measure of segment profit or loss to evaluate performance of and allocate resources for its reportable segments. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, non-cash items and items that do not reflect management s assessment of ongoing business performance. 
 Cannabis extracts Other Net revenue Share of income from equity method investments Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income (expense), net Total assets Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss on long-lived assets Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) ) Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net 
 112 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 Cannabis extracts Other Net revenue Share of loss from equity method investments ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) Interest income, net Total assets Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived assets Impairment loss on long-lived assets Loss from discontinued operations ) ) Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) ) Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 United States Rest of World Corporate Total Cannabis flower Cannabis extracts Other Net revenue Share of loss from equity method investments ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income, net ) Total assets Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss on indefinite-lived assets Loss from discontinued operations ) ) Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) ) Purchase of property, plant and equipment, net 
 113 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts ) ) ) Interest income, net ) ) ) Income tax expense Depreciation and amortization EBITDA ) ) ) ) Share of income from equity accounted investments ) ) Impairment loss on long-lived assets (ii) 
 Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities (iii) 
 ) ) Gain on revaluation of financial instruments (iv) 
 ) ) Impairment loss on other investments (vi) 
 Foreign currency transaction loss Other, net (vii) 
 Restructuring costs (ix) 
 Share-based compensation (x) 
 Financial statement review costs (xi) 
 Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) ) 
 (in thousands of U.S. dollars) Year ended December 31, 2021 
 US ROW Corporate Total Net loss ) ) ) ) Interest income, net ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization EBITDA ) ) ) ) Share of loss from equity method investments Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (i) 
 Impairment loss on long-lived assets (ii) 
 Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities (iii) 
 ) ) Gain on revaluation of financial instruments (iv) 
 ) ) Transaction costs (v) 
 Other, net (vii) 
 ) ) Loss from discontinued operations (viii) 
 Share-based compensation (x) 
 Financial statement review costs (xi) 
 Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) ) 
 114 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts ) ) Interest expense (income), net ) ) Income tax expense Depreciation and amortization EBITDA ) ) ) Share of loss from equity accounted investments Impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (i) 
 Gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities (iii) 
 ) ) Loss on revaluation of financial instruments (iv) 
 Transaction costs (v) 
 Other, net (vii) 
 Loss from discontinued operations (viii) 
 Share-based compensation (x) 
 Financial statement review costs (xi) 
 Gain on disposal of investments (xii) 
 ) ) Adjusted EBITDA ) ) ) ) 
 (i) For the year ended December 31, 2021, impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets relates to impairment on goodwill and intangible assets related to our U.S. segment and impairment on an indefinite-lived trademark related to the ROW segment. For the year ended December 31, 2020, impairment loss on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets relates to impairment on goodwill and intangible assets related to the U.S. segment. See Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net . 
 (ii) For the year ended December 31, 2022, impairment loss on long-lived assets relates to the Company s decision to seek a sublease for leased office space in Toronto, Ontario, Canada during the first quarter of 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, impairment loss on long-lived assets relates to impairment charges on property, plant and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets in the Canadian asset group, impairment charges for the differences between the consideration paid to Ginkgo for the achievement of two equity milestones in connection with the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement and the fair values of the CBGA Exclusive License and CBGVA Exclusive License as well as impairment on leased premises in the U.S. segment. See Note 5 Property, Plant and Equipment, net and Note 6 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net . 
 (iii) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the gain on revaluation of derivative liabilities represents the fair value changes on the derivative liabilities. See Note 8 Derivative Liabilities . 
 (iv) For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, gain on revaluation of financial instruments relates primarily to the Company s unrealized holding gain on its mark-to-market investment in Vitura as well as revaluations of financial liabilities resulting from DSUs. For the year ended December 31, 2020, (gain) loss on revaluation of financial instruments relates to revaluations of financial liabilities resulting from DSUs. See Note 3 Investments . 
 (v) For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, transaction costs represent legal, financial and other advisory fees and expenses incurred in connection with various strategic investments. These costs are included in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of net income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss). 
 (vi) For the year ended December 31, 2022, impairment loss on other investments related to the PharmaCann Option for the difference between its fair value and carrying amount. See Note 3 Investments . 
 (vii) For the year ended December 31, 2022, other, net primarily related to loss on disposal of assets and of dividends declared by Vitura on the Company s ordinary shares in the capital of Vitura. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, other, net is primarily related to (gain) loss on reclassification of held-for-sale assets and (gain) loss on disposal of assets. 
 (viii) For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, loss from discontinued operations relates to the discontinuance of OGBC. 
 (ix) For the year ended December 31, 2022, restructuring costs related to the employee-related severance costs and other restructuring costs associated with the Realignment, including the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus. See Note 16 Restructuring. 
 (x) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, share-based compensation relates to the vesting expenses of share-based compensation awarded to employees under the Company s share-based award plans as described in Note 10. Share-based Compensation . 
 (xi) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, financial statement review costs include costs related to the restatements of the Company s 2019 interim financial statements and second quarter 2021 interim financial statements, costs related to the Company s responses to requests for information from various regulatory authorities relating to such restatements and legal costs defending shareholder class action complaints brought against the Company as a result of the 2019 restatement. 
 (xii) For the year ended December 31, 2020, gain on disposal of investments is primarily comprised of the gain recorded related to the sale of common shares of Aurora, which were received in connection with the achievement of a milestone related to the Whistler Transaction in 2020 and as a result of the closing of the Whistler Transaction in 2019. See Note 3 Investments . 
 115 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 Israel United States Other countries Net revenue 
 Property, plant and equipment, net were physically located in the following geographic regions: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Canada United States Israel Total 

13.) ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for computation for basic earnings per share (i) 
 Basic loss from continuing operations per share ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations attributable to the shareholders of Cronos Group ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding from computation for basic earnings per share Basic loss from discontinued operations per share 
 116 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts ) ) Adjustment for exercise of rights on derivative liabilities Net loss used in the computation of diluted loss from continuing operations per share ) ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding used in the computation of basic loss per share Dilutive effect of stock options Dilutive effect of RSUs Dilutive effect of Altria Warrant Dilutive effect of Top-up Rights market price Weighted-average number of common shares for computation of diluted loss from continuing operations per share (i) 
 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations attributable to the shareholders of Cronos Group ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares for computation of diluted loss from discontinued operations per share Diluted loss from discontinued operations per share 
 (i) In computing diluted earnings per share, incremental common shares are not considered in periods in which a net loss is reported, as the inclusion of the common share equivalents would be anti-dilutive. 
 Total securities of , and were not included in the computation of diluted shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, because the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

14. 
 117 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 Short-term investments Other investments (i) 
 Derivative liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Other investments (i) 
 Derivative liabilities 
 (i) On December 16, 2021, Cronos Australia (now, Vitura) closed their merger agreement to acquire CDA Health Pty Ltd, an Australian medicinal cannabis company. In connection with the closing of the Cronos Australia Merger, the Company s ownership interest in Cronos Australia decreased to approximately and the Company s number of Cronos Australia board seats was reduced from to which constituted a loss of significant influence. As such, the Company reclassified the investment from an investment in equity method investments under the equity method of accounting to other investments under the fair value method of accounting. See Note 3 Investments . 
 There were no transfers between fair value categories during the periods presented. 
 
 (i) On June 14, 2021, the Company purchased an option to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock of PharmaCann, a vertically integrated cannabis company in the United States, at an exercise price of per share, representing approximately of PharmaCann s issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted basis as of the date of the PharmaCann Option, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately . On February 28, 2022, PharmaCann closed its previously announced transaction with LivWell pursuant to which PharmaCann acquired LivWell. LivWell is a multi-state cannabis cultivation and retail leader based in Colorado. As a result of the LivWell Transaction, the Company s ownership percentage in PharmaCann on a fully diluted basis decreased to approximately . As of December 31, 2022, the Company s ownership percentage in PharmaCann on a fully diluted basis was approximately . See Note 3 Investments . 
 There were no transfers between fair value categories during the periods presented. 
 (b) Financial risks 
 The Company s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk, interest rate risk, and foreign currency rate risk. 
 Credit risk 
 Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities, primarily accounts receivable and other receivables, and its investing activities, including cash held with banks and financial institutions, short term investments, loans receivable, and advances to joint ventures. The Company s maximum exposure to this risk is equal to the carrying amount of these financial assets, which amounted to and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 118 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on the days past due for groupings of various customer segments with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. Accounts receivable are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than days past due. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company had , and , respectively, in expected credit losses on receivables from contracts with customers in the ROW segment and , and , respectively, in expected credit losses on receivables from contracts with customers in the U.S. segment. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has assessed that there is a concentration of credit risk as of the Company s accounts receivable were due from three customers with an established credit history with the Company. As of December 31, 2021, of the Company s accounts receivable were due from four customers with an established credit history with the Company. 
 The Company sells products through a limited number of major customers. Major customers are defined as customers that each individually accounted for greater than 10 of the Company s revenues. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company earned a total net revenue before excise taxes of from three major customers in the ROW segment, together accounting for of the Company s total net revenue before excise taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the ROW segment earned a total net revenue before excise taxes of from three major customers, together accounting for of the Company s total net revenue before excise taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the ROW segment earned a total net revenue before excise taxes of from four major customers, accounting for of the Company s total net revenues before excise taxes. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 the U.S. segment had no major customers. 
 (ii) Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and other receivables 
 The Company held cash and cash equivalents of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The short-term investments and related interest receivable of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, represent short-term investments with a maturity of less than a year and accrued interest. The cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, including guaranteed investment certificates and bankers acceptances, are held with central banks and financial institutions that are highly rated. In addition to interest receivable, other receivables include sales taxes receivable from the government. As such, the Company has assessed an insignificant loss allowance on these financial instruments. 
 Liquidity risk 
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due and arises principally from the Company s accounts payable. The Company had trade accounts payable of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, included in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company s policy is to review liquidity resources and ensure that sufficient funds are available to meet financial obligations as they become due. Further, the Company s management is responsible for ensuring funds exist and are readily accessible to support business opportunities as they arise. The Company s funding has primarily been provided in the form of capital raised through the issuance of common shares and warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has assessed a concentration of risk of vendors as of accounts payable were due to one vendor. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has assessed a concentration risk of vendors as of accounts payable due to one vendor. 
 Market risk 
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of, or future cash flows from, the Company s financial instruments will significantly fluctuate due to changes in market prices. The value of financial instruments can be affected by changes in interest rates, market and economic conditions, and equity and commodity prices. The Company is exposed to market risk in divesting its investments, such that unfavorable market conditions could result in dispositions of investments at less than their carrying amounts. Further, the revaluation of securities classified as fair value through net income could result in significant write-downs of the Company s investments, which would have an adverse impact on the Company s results of operations, unless these would flow through other comprehensive income. 
 The Company manages risk by having a portfolio of securities from multiple issuers, such that the Company was not materially exposed to any one issuer. 
 119 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s average variable interest rate increased approximately . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s average variable interest rate did not change materially. 
 Foreign currency risk 
 Currency rate risk is the risk that the fair value of, or future cash flows from, the Company s financial instruments will significantly fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company is exposed to this risk on investments in equity investments denominated in A and C , and other assets and liabilities denominated in A and C . The Company is further exposed to this risk through subsidiaries operating in Israel and the U.S. as the Company s functional currency is in Canadian dollars. The Company does not currently use foreign exchange contracts to hedge its exposure to currency rate risk. As such, the Company s financial position and financial results may be adversely affected by the unfavorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had foreign currency gain (loss) on translation of ) and , respectively. A 10 change in the exchange rates for the foreign currencies would affect the carrying amounts of net assets by approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

15. 
 equity interest in the Company. As of December 31, 2022, Altria beneficially held an approximately ownership interest in the Company (calculated on a non-diluted basis). 
 
 There were amounts payable related to the consulting services with Altria Pinnacle as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Refer to Note 8 Derivative Liabilities for further information on the derivative liabilities related to the Altria Investment. 
 120 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 of Cronos GrowCo s common shares and senior secured debt in Cronos GrowCo. See Note 3 Investments for further discussion. 
 
 The Company s outstanding payable balance to Cronos GrowCo was and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Additionally, on August 23, 2019, the Company, as lender, and Cronos GrowCo, as borrower, entered into the GrowCo Credit Facility. See additional information in Note 4 Loans Receivable, net . 
 (c) Vendor Agreement 
 In November 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with an external vendor whereby the vendor would provide certain manufacturing services to the Company. The vendor then subcontracted out a portion of those services to another company whose chief executive officer is an immediate family member of an executive of the Company. The Company has no direct contractual relationship with the related party. 
 
 During the year-ended 2022, the Company purchased of products and services under this agreement and had outstanding accounts payable related to the agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 121 

Cronos Group Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands of U.S. dollars, except for share amounts) 
 Table of Conte nts 

 16. 
 of restructuring costs in connection with the Realignment, including the change in the nature of operations at the Peace Naturals Campus. Charges related thereto include employee-related costs such as severance, relocation and other termination benefits, as well as contract termination and other related costs. 
 United States Total 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s restructuring activity for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 As of January 1, 2022 Expenses Payments/Write-offs As of December 31, 2022 Employee termination benefits ) Other restructuring costs ) Total ) 

17. 

122 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, due to the existence of a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting described below, the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 because of the material weakness described below. 
 We did not design and maintain effective controls over Information Technology General Controls ITGC ), pertaining to user access management and the provisioning and monitoring of user access, including privileged access. We believe this weakness to be the result of ineffective monitoring of security administrator activities, insufficient retention of documentation to support access requests and lack of training on the importance of ITGC. This material weakness did not impact any information derived from information systems and did not result in any identified misstatements to our financial statements. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, who audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report, issued an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 123 

(c) Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the material weakness identified above and measures described below to remediate the material weaknesses previously identified, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act), that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses 
 The Company has implemented various initiatives to address the previously reported material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. During the fourth quarter of 2022 , the Company successfully completed the testing necessary to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. Some of our key remedial initiatives included: 
 Material Weakness Control, Control Enhancement or Mitigant Implementation Status Management Testing Status Remediation Status Control Environment The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have reinforced and will continue to reinforce on an ongoing basis the importance of adherence to the Company s policies, procedures and standards of conduct, including identifying misconduct and raising and communicating concerns; 
 Completed Tested Remediated All accounting personnel that engaged in unprofessional conduct were terminated or resigned from the Company and were replaced with qualified personnel; 
 Completed Tested Remediated We have enhanced our existing sub-certification process to include additional certifications regarding certain complex accounting topics and to include additional employees to increase accountability amongst Company personnel; 
 Completed Tested Remediated We have expanded our compensation claw back provisions to incorporate all personnel who are subject to our enhanced sub-certification process; 
 Completed Tested Remediated We have implemented organizational enhancements including (i) evaluation of the sufficiency, experience and training of personnel within our accounting function and (ii) the hiring of accounting personnel with appropriate knowledge and experience in U.S. GAAP; 
 Completed Tested Remediated We have implemented a training program for accounting and finance personnel to enhance their knowledge of U.S. GAAP outlined in our accounting policies, which are used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements; and 
 Completed Tested Remediated Asset Impairment Testing We have evaluated and will continue to regularly evaluate our policies and procedures relating to certain complex accounting topics and have implemented improvements in those policies and procedures. 
 Completed Tested Remediated 
 As a result of the settlements with the SEC and the OSC related to the Restatements, the Company has retained a consultant to review and make recommendations with respect to certain of the Company s internal controls and internal control over financial reporting. That review is ongoing and it is possible that review results in the identification of other material weaknesses or other control deficiencies that require material changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting. For additional information of this risk, see Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Growth Strategy We have had two restatements and seven material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting over the last four years, and one material weakness remains unremediated at December 31, 2022. We had a material weakness in our control environment, and in 2021 and 2022, we experienced significant turnover, both voluntary and involuntary, in our accounting and financial reporting functions. If we are unable to remediate our existing material weakness and create an appropriate control environment, our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation will be adversely affected. 
 124 

Remediation Plan and Status Related to Material Weakness Identified in the Current Year 
 As discussed above, we have identified a material weakness related to ITGCs in user access management and the provisioning and monitoring of privileged access. 
 As of the filing date, the Company is in the process of implementing various initiatives intended to address the identified material weakness. In this regard, some of our key remedial initiatives include: 
 Material Weakness Control, Control Enhancement or Mitigant Implementation Status Management Testing Status Remediation Status ITGCs Train security administrators on access provisioning and approval protocols. 
 In Planning Stage Not Tested Not Remediated Align approval requirements for all privileged access for consistency and appropriate visibility within the IT function. 
 In Planning Stage Not Tested Not Remediated Implement a process to identify instances where privileged access roles or profiles are assigned and, when identified, review activities performed during the period of assigned privileged access. 
 In Planning Stage Not Tested Not Remediated Implement a periodic control to compare each user s system access to their responsibilities. 
 In Planning Stage Not Tested Not Remediated Implement an oversight control over security administrator actions. 
 In Planning Stage Not Tested Not Remediated 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 125 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement or to an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement or to an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement or to an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 . 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement or to an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement or to an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the close of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 126 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or incorporated herein by reference: 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements . The following financial statements of Cronos Group Inc. are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the pages indicated. 
 CRONOS GROUP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Page No. Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 74 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 77 
 Consolidated Statements of Net Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 78 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 79 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 80 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 82 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules . Schedules are omitted because the required information is inapplicable, not material, or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits . The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index immediately below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or are incorporated by reference herein. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 Options Purchase Agreement, dated June 14, 2021, by and between Cronos USA Holdings Inc. and PharmaCann Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Cronos Group Inc. filed June 15, 2021). 
 2.2 Option, dated June 14, 2021, issued by PharmaCann Inc. to Cronos USA Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Cronos Group Inc. filed June 15, 2021). 
 3.1 Certificate of Continuance, Notice of Articles and Articles of Cronos Group Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cronos Group Inc., filed August 6, 2020). 
 4.1 Form of Cronos Group Inc. Common Share certificate (incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 4.2 Description of Capital Stock of Cronos Group Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group I nc., filed March 1, 2022) 
 10.1 Subscription Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2018, by and among Cronos Group Inc., Altria Summit LLC, and, solely for the purposes specified therein, Altria Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report of Foreign Private Issuer, filed December 10, 2018). 
 10.2 Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2019, by and between Cronos Group Inc. and Altria Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report of Foreign Private Issuer, filed March 15, 2019). 
 10.3 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2018, by and between Cronos Group Inc. and Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Current Report of Foreign Private Issuer, filed September 4, 2018). 
 10.4 First Amendment to Collaboration and License Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Collaboration and License Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2021, by and between Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. and Cronos Group Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Cronos Group Inc. filed June 4, 2021). 
 10.6 Cronos Group Inc. 2015 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan, dated as of May 26, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 of Cronos Group Inc., filed July 11, 2018). 
 10.7 Form of Option Certificate to 2015 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 10.8 First Amendment to the Cronos Group Inc. 2015 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan, dated as of August 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 
 127 

10.9 Cronos Group Inc. Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Option Plan, dated as of November 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 10.10 Cronos Group Inc. Deferred Shared Unit Plan for Non-Executive Directors, dated as of August 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 10.11 Employment Agreement, by and between Cronos Group Inc. (Employment Agreement, by and between Cronos Group Inc. (f/k/a PharmaCann Capital Corporation) and Michael Gorenstein, effective as of August 10, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 10.12 Description of Oral Amendment, effective as of June 2019, to Employment Agreement, by and between Cronos Group Inc. (f/k/a PharmaCann Capital Corporation) and Michael Gorenstein, effective as of August 10, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 10.13 Cronos Group Inc. Employment Inducement Award Plan #1 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 10.14 Form of Director and Officer Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 2, 2020). 
 10.15 Cronos Group Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cronos Group Inc., filed August 6, 2020). 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement to Cronos Group Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cronos Group Inc., filed August 6, 2020). 
 10.17 Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (Israel) to Cronos Group Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cronos Group Inc., filed August 6, 2020). 
 10.18 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2020, by and among Cronos USA Client Services LLC, Cronos Group Inc. and Kurt Schmidt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed September 9, 2020). 
 10.19 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2020, by and among Cronos USA Client Services LLC, Cronos Group Inc., and Michael Gorenstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed September 9, 2020). 
 10.20 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2021, by and among Cronos USA Client Services LLC, Cronos Group Inc. and Todd Abraham (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cronos Group Inc., filed August 6, 2021). 
 10.21 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2021, between Cronos USA, Cronos Group and Robert Madore (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cronos Group Inc., filed August 6, 2021). 
 10.22 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2022, by and among Cronos USA Client Services LLC, Cronos Group Inc., Hortican Inc. and John Griese (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 1, 2022 . 
 10.23 Letter Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2022, by and among Cronos USA Client Services LLC, Cronos Group Inc., and Anna Shlimak (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 8 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 1, 2022 . 
 10.24 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2022, between Cronos USA Client Services LLC, Cronos Group Inc. and Michael Gorenstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 21, 2022). 
 10.25 Letter Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2022, between Cronos USA Client Services LLC, Cronos Group Inc. and Kurt Schmidt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 21, 2022). 
 10.26 Executive Employment Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2020, among Cronos Israel G.S. Cultivation Ltd., Cronos Group Inc. and Ran Gorelik (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cronos Group Inc., filed on May 10, 2022). 
 10.27 Letter Agreement by and among Jeffrey Jacobson and Hortican Inc., dated November 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cronos Group Inc., filed on November 7, 2022). 
 10.28 Letter Agreement by and among John Griese, Cronos USA Client Services LLC, and Hortican Inc., dated November 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cronos Group Inc., filed on November 7, 2022) 
 10.29 James Holm Employment Agreement, dated November 14, 2022, among Cronos USA, the Company and Mr. Holm (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on November 14, 2022). 
 
 128 

10.30 Altria s notice of abandonment, dated December 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on December 19, 2022). 
 10.31 Letter Agreement by and between Robert Madore and Cronos USA Client Services LLC, dated February 8, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A of Cronos Group Inc., filed on February 13, 2023) 
 10.32 Letter Agreement by and between Anna Shlimak and Cronos USA Client Services LLC, dated February 21 , 2023. 
 14.1 Cronos Group Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cronos Group Inc., filed on March 1, 2022). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Cronos Group Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page hereto). 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith and not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 129 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 CRONOS GROUP INC. By: /s/ Michael Gorenstein Michael Gorenstein 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Michael Gorenstein and James Holm, severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 
 Name Title Date /s/ Michael Gorenstein Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 Michael Gorenstein /s/ James Holm Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 28, 2023 James Holm /s/ Carlos Cortez Vice President, Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 Carlos Cortez /s/ Kendrick Ashton, Jr. Director February 28, 2023 Kendrick Ashton, Jr. /s/ Heather Newman Director February 28, 2023 Heather Newman /s/ James Rudyk Director February 28, 2023 James Rudyk /s/ Jody Begley Director February 28, 2023 Jody Begley /s/ Jason Adler Director February 28, 2023 Jason Adler /s/ Murray Garnick Director February 28, 2023 Murray Garnick 
 
 130 

<EX-10.32>
 2
 exhibit1032-annashlimaklet.htm
 EX-10.32

Document 

Exhibit 10.32 
 
 February 21, 2023 
 Anna Shlimak 
 At the Address on file with the Company 

Dear Anna, 
 Further to our recent discussions, this letter agreement (this Letter Agreement ), effective as of the date hereof (the Effective Date ), confirms the following amendment to your employment agreement with Cronos USA Client Services LLC, a limited liability company incorporated in the State of Delaware (the Company ), and solely for the purposes specified therein, Cronos Group Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, dated as of February 21, 2020 (the Employment Agreement ). Capitalized terms used in this Letter Agreement that are not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Employment Agreement. 
 1. Amendment 
 Paragraph (c) of Section 6.3 of the Employment Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced with the following 
 in lieu of notice, provide the Executive with a payment equal to two months of the Executive s annual base salary in effect at the time of the termination plus one month of the Executive s annual base salary in effect at the time of termination for each completed year of service with the Company, subject to a maximum of twelve months of base salary, payable by way of lump sum payment within sixty days following such termination. 
 2. General. 
 Except as expressly modified by this Letter Agreement, all terms and conditions of your employment, as set out in the Employment Agreement, including, without limitation, Section 6 Termination of Employment and Section 7 Restrictive Covenants ), remain unchanged and continue in full force and effect. 
 3. Independent Legal Advice. 
 You acknowledge that you have been encouraged to obtain independent legal advice regarding the execution of this Letter Agreement, and that you have either obtained such advice or voluntarily chosen not to do so, and hereby waive any objections or claims you may make resulting from any failure on your part to obtain such advice. 
 4. Counterparts. 
 This Letter Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Letter Agreement by electronic transmission, including in portable document format (.pdf), shall be deemed as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Letter Agreement. 
 If you agree that this Letter Agreement correctly memorializes our understandings, please sign and return this Agreement, which shall become a binding agreement as the Effective Date. 

Sincerely, 
 CRONOS USA CLIENT SERVICES LLC 
 By s Michael Gorenstein Name Michael Gorenstein Title President 
 CRONOS GROUP INC. 
 By s Michael Gorenstein Name Michael Gorenstein Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Accepted and Agreed 
 s Anna Shlimak Anna Shlimak 
 Date February 21, 2023 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211-listofsubsidiar.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF CRONOS GROUP INC. 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Subsidiaries 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 
 Hortican Inc. 
 Canada 
 Peace Naturals Project Inc. 
 Canada 
 Cronos Global Holdings Inc. 
 Canada 
 Cronos Canada Holdings Inc. 
 Canada 
 Original BC Ltd. 
 Canada 
 Cronos Research Labs Ltd. 
 Israel 
 Cronos Israel G.S. Store Ltd. 
 Israel 
 Cronos Israel G.S. Cultivation Ltd. 
 Israel 
 Cronos Israel G.S. Pharmacy Ltd. 
 Israel 
 Cronos Israel G.S. Manufacturing Ltd. 
 Israel 
 Cronos Group USA Holdings Company Limited 
 British Columbia, Canada 
 Cronos USA Holdings Inc. 
 Delaware, USA 
 Cronos USA Client Services LLC 
 Delaware, USA 
 Zeus Cannabinoids LLC 
 Delaware, USA 
 Redwood Wellness, LLC 
 Delaware, USA 
 Redwood IP Holding, LLC 
 Delaware, USA 
 Redwood Retail, LLC 
 California, USA 
 Redwood Operations CA, LLC 
 California, USA 
 Thanos Holdings Ltd. d b a Cronos Fermentation 
 British Columbia, Canada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-consentofindepe.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 Cronos Group Inc. 
 We consent to the use of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Cronos Group Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, incorporated by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 333-237528 and No. 333-226131) on Form S-8. 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 Vaughan, Canada 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-certificationof.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael Gorenstein, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10 K of Cronos Group Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Michael Gorenstein 
 Michael Gorenstein 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer 

Date February 28, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-certificationof.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, James Holm, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10 K of Cronos Group Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s James Holm 
 James Holm 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 

Date February 28, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-certificationof.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Cronos Group Inc. (the Company as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Gorenstein, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Michael Gorenstein Michael Gorenstein President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer 

Date February 28, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322-certificationof.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Cronos Group Inc. (the Company as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Holm, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s James Holm James Holm Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 

Date February 28, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cron-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cron-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cron-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cron-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cron-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

