<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230130_10-K_edgar_data_1762239_0001731122-23-000093.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5929522</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>311870</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>980274</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1969083</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1122452</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1369844</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-000093.hdr.sgml : 20230130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230130080115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-000093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001762239
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		IRS NUMBER:				833492907
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40641
		FILM NUMBER:		23565296

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4460 OLD DIXIE HIGHWAY
		CITY:			GRANT
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32949
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(833) 452-4825

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4460 OLD DIXIE HIGHWAY
		CITY:			GRANT
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32949

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Quick Start Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-000093.txt : 20230130

10-K
 1
 e4364_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to
_________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive
 Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Securities to be registered under Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The 
 Stock Market, LLC 

Securities to be registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large, accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report
on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes 

As of April 30, 2022, the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing price per share
(or 1.08), of the registrant s common stock as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. 

As of January 27, 2023, there were 
shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

KAIVAL BRANDS INNOVATIONS GROUP, INC. 

PAGE 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 iii 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 23 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 
 23 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 23 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 23 

PART II 

24 
 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 24 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 25 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 31 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 32 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 
 33 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 33 

PART
III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 34 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 38 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 42 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 45 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 46 

PART IV 

47 
 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 47 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 49 

Signatures 
 
 50 

ii 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain statements and
information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2022 (this Report contain or may
contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), Section 21 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We generally use the words may, should, believe, expect, 
 intend, plan, anticipate, likely, estimate, potential, 
 continue, will, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are not statements of historical facts, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future events and results, including,
without limitation, statements related to: 

our
 substantial
 reliance
 on,
 and
 efforts
 to
 diversify
 our
 business
 from,
 that
 of
 our
 affiliate
 Bidi
 Vapor,
 LLC
 Bidi 

our
 ability
 to
 obtain
 the
 products
 we
 distribute
 from
 Bidi; 

the
 impact
 of
 Bidi s
 August
 2022
 11 th
 Circuit
 Court
 of
 Appeals
 victory
 overturning
 the
 U.S.
 Food
 and
 Drug
 Administration s
 FDA previous
 denial
 of
 Bidi s
 Premarket
 Tobacco
 Product
 Application
 PMTA for
 its
 non-tobacco
 flavored
 BIDI 
 Stick
 electronic
 nicotine
 delivery
 system
 ENDS ),
 which
 we
 have
 the
 U.S.
 license
 to
 distribute; 

our substantial reliance on QuikfillRx, LLC to provide key sales, marketing and other support services to us; 

the
 scope
 of
 future
 FDA
 enforcement
 of
 regulations
 in
 the
 ENDS
 products
 generally; 

the
 FDA s
 approach
 to
 the
 regulation
 and
 enforcement
 of
 synthetic
 nicotine
 and
 our
 competitors 
 use
 of
 the
 substance
 in
 their
 products
 to
 avoid
 the
 PMTA
 requirements; 

the
 impact
 of
 black-market
 goods
 on
 our
 business; 

the
 demand
 for
 the
 products
 we
 distribute; 

anticipated
 product
 performance,
 and
 our
 market
 and
 industry
 expectations; 

our
 relationships
 with
 key
 third
 party
 vendors
 and
 commercial
 collaborators
 such
 as
 QuikfillRx
 (now
 known
 as
 Kaival
 Marketing
 Services)
 and
 Phillip
 Morris
 International; 

our
 ability
 or
 plans
 to
 diversify
 our
 product
 offerings; 

changes
 in
 government
 regulation
 or
 laws
 that
 affect
 our
 business;
 and

circumstances or developments that may make us unable to implement or realize the anticipated benefits, or that may increase the costs of our current and planned business initiatives, including matters over which we have little or no control such as the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Such forward-looking statements, including
those concerning our expectations, involve significant risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control,
which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements, or industry results to be materially different from any future
results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. See the
 Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
sections contained in this Report for a listing of some of the factors that could cause the results anticipated by our forward-looking
statements to differ from actual future results. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of
the United States, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events, or otherwise. You are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating
the information presented in this Report. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

 As
used in this Report, the terms we, us, our, the Registrant, the Company, 
and Kaival refer to Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 

Description of Business 

We are focused on growing and incubating innovative
and profitable products into mature, dominant brands, with a current focus on the distribution of electronic nicotine delivery systems ENDS ), also known as e-cigarettes . Our business plan is to seek to diversify into distributing other nicotine
and non-nicotine delivery system products (including those related to hemp-derived c annabidiol (known
as CBD) products . 

On March 9, 2020, we entered into an exclusive distribution
agreement (the Distribution Agreement with our affiliate Bidi Vapor, LLC Bidi ), which Distribution Agreement
was amended and restated on May 21, 2020, April 20, 2021, on June 10, 2022, and on November 17, 2022 (collectively, the A R
Distribution Agreement ). Pursuant to the A R Distribution Agreement, Bidi granted us an exclusive worldwide right to distribute
Bidi s ENDS as well as non-electronic nicotine delivery systems and related components (as more particularly set forth in the A R
Distribution Agreement, the Products for sale and resale to both retail level customers and non-retail level customers.
Currently, the Products consist solely of the BIDI Stick , Bidi s
disposable, tamper resistant ENDS product made with medical-grade components, a UL-certified battery
and technology designed to deliver a consistent vaping experience for adult smokers 21 and over. We presently distribute Products
to wholesalers and retailers of ENDS products, having ceased all direct-to-consumer sales in February 2021.Nirajkumar Patel, our Chief
Science and Regulatory Officer and director and an indirect controlling shareholder of our company, owns Bidi. 

BIDI Stick comes in a variety
of flavor options for adult cigarette smokers. We do not manufacture any of the Products we resell. The BIDI Stick is manufactured
by Bidi. Pursuant to the terms of the A R Distribution Agreement, Bidi provides us with all branding, logos, and marketing
materials to use with our commercial partners use in connection with our marketing and promotion of the Products. 

The A R Distribution Agreement extends the previous
one-year, annual renewable term to an initial term of ten years, which automatically renews for another ten-year term if we satisfy certain
minimum purchase thresholds. The A R Distribution Agreement also provides us with a right of first refusal in the event Bidi receives
an offer that would constitute a change of control transaction, as well as a right of first refusal to act as the exclusive
distributor of any and all future products of Bidi that arise out of or related to ENDS and components related to ENDS, or arise out of
or related to the tobacco-derived nicotine industry. 

In connection with the A R Distribution
Agreement, we entered into non-exclusive sub-distribution agreements, some of which were subsequently amended and restated by the
parties in order to clarify certain provisions (all such sub-distribution agreements, as amended and restated, are collectively
referred to as the Sub-Distribution Agreements ), whereby we appointed the counterparties as non-exclusive sub-distributors.
Pursuant to the Sub-Distribution Agreements, the sub-distributors agreed to purchase for resale the Products in such quantities
as they should need to properly service non-retail customers within the continental United States (the Territory ). 

We
 process all sales made only to non-retail customers, with all sales to non-retail customers
 made through Bidi s age-restricted website, www.wholesale.bidivapor.com. We ceased
 all direct-to-consumer sales in February 2021 in order to better ensure youth access
 prevention and to comply with the Prevent All Cigarette Trafficking PACT Act. We provide all customer service and support at our own expense. We set the minimum prices
 for all sales made by us. We maintain adequate inventory levels of the Products in order
 to meet the demands of our non-retail customers, and deliver the Products sold to these customers. 

A key third party collaborator
of ours is QuikfillRx, LLC, QuikfillRx a Florida limited liability company which recently began doing business as Kaival
Marketing Services to better reflect its contributions to our company. QuikfillRx provides
us with certain services and support relating to sales management, website development and design, graphics, content, public communication,
social media, management and analytics, and market and other research. QuikfillRx provides these services to us pursuant to a Services
Agreement, most recently amended on November 9, 2022, which has a current term ending on October 31, 2025 (subject to potential one-year
extensions) and pursuant to which QuikfillRx receives monthly cash compensation and was granted certain equity compensation in the form
of options. 

We have also entered into key international
licensing agreements with Philip Morris Products S.A. PMPSA ), a wholly owned affiliate of Philip Morris International
Inc. PMI as described further below. 

On
 August 31, 2020, we formed Kaival Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation (herein referred to
 as Kaival Labs ), as a wholly owned subsidiary for the purpose of developing
 our own branded and white-label products and services, of which none has commenced as of
 the date of this Report. On March 11, 2022, we formed Kaival Brands International, LLC, a
 Delaware limited liability company (herein referred to as KBI ), as a wholly
 owned subsidiary for the purpose of entering into an international licensing agreement with
 PMPSA as described further below. 

FDA PMTA Determinations, 11 th 
Circuit Decision and Impact on Our Business 

In September 2021, in connection with the Bidi s
Premarket Tobacco Product Application PMTA process for BIDI Stick, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration s FDA effectively banned flavored ENDS by denying nearly all then-pending PMTAs for such products (including
Bidi s). Following the issuance of by the FDA of a related Marketing Denial Order MDO regarding these ENDS
products, manufacturers were required to stop selling non-tobacco flavored ENDS products. Bidi, along with nearly every other company
in the ENDS industry, received a MDO for its non-tobacco flavored ENDS products. With respect to Bidi, the MDO covered all non-tobacco
flavored BIDI Sticks, including its Arctic (menthol) BIDI Stick. As a result, beginning in September 2021, Bidi pursued
multiple avenues to challenge the MDO. First, on September 21, 2021, separate from the judicial appeal of the MDO in its entirety,
Bidi filed a 21 C.F.R. 10.75 internal FDA review request specifically of the decision to include the Arctic (menthol) BIDI 
Stick in the MDO. In May 2022, the FDA issued a determination that it views the Arctic BIDI Stick as a flavored ENDS product,
and not strictly a menthol flavored product. 

1 

On September 29, 2021, Bidi petitioned the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit (the 11th Circuit to review the FDA s denial of the PMTAs for
its non-tobacco flavored BIDI Stick ENDS (including the Arctic BIDI Stick), arguing that it was arbitrary and capricious
under the Administrative Procedure Act APA ), as well as ultra vires, for the FDA not to conduct any scientific review
of Bidi s comprehensive applications, as required by the Tobacco Control Act TCA ), to determine whether the
BIDI Sticks are appropriate for the protection of the public health . Bidi further argued that the FDA violated
due process and the APA by failing to provide fair notice of the FDA s new requirement for ENDS companies to conduct long-term
comparative smoking cessation studies for their flavored products, and that the FDA should have gone through the notice and comment
rulemaking process for this requirement. 

On October 14, 2021, Bidi requested that the
FDA re-review the MDO and reconsider its position that Bidi did not include certain scientific data in its applications sufficient
to allow the PMTAs to proceed to scientific review. In light of this request, on October 22, 2021, pursuant to 21 C.F.R. 
10.35(a), the FDA issued an administrative stay of Bidi s MDO pending its re-review. Subsequently, the FDA decided not to
rescind the MDO and lifted its administrative stay on December 17, 2021. Following the lifting of the FDA s administrative
stay, Bidi filed a renewed motion to stay the MDO with the 11th Circuit. On February 1, 2022, the 11 th Circuit granted
Bidi s motion to stay (i.e., put on hold) the MDO, pending the litigation on the merits. Oral arguments in the merits-based
proceeding were held on May 17, 2022. 

On August 23, 2022, the 11 th Circuit
set aside (i.e., vacated) the MDO issued to the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks and remanded Bidi s PMTA back to the
FDA for further review. Specifically, the 11 th Circuit held that the MDO was arbitrary and capricious 
in violation of the APA because the FDA failed to consider the relevant evidence before it, specifically Bidi s aggressive
and comprehensive marketing and sales-access-restrictions plans designed to prevent youth appeal and access. 

The 11 th Circuit s opinion
further found that the FDA did not properly review the data and evidence that it has long made clear are critical to the appropriate
for the protection of the public health APPH standard for PMTAs set forth in the Tobacco Control Act including,
in Bidi s case, product information, scientific safety testing, literature reviews, consumer insight surveys, and
details about the company s youth access prevention measures, distribution channels, and adult-focused marketing practices, 
which target only existing adult vapor product users, including current adult smokers, as well as our retailer monitoring
program and state-of-the-art anti-counterfeit authentication system. Because a MDO must be based on a consideration of the relevant
factors, such as the marketing and sales-access-restrictions plans, the denial order was deemed arbitrary and capricious, and vacated
by the FDA. 

The FDA did not appeal to the 11th Circuit s
decision. The FDA had until October 7, 2022 (45 days from the August 23, 2022 decision) to either request a panel rehearing or
a rehearing en banc (a review by the entire 11th Circuit, not just the 3-judge panel that issued the decision), and
until November 21, 2022 (90 days after the decision) to seek review of the decision by the U.S. Supreme Court. No request for a
rehearing was filed, and no petition for a writ of certiorari was made to the Supreme Court. 

In light of the 11th Circuit decision, the
Company anticipates having the continued ability to market and sell the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks, subject to FDA s
enforcement discretion, for the duration of the PMTA scientific review. The FDA has indicated that it is prioritizing enforcement
of unauthorized ENDS against companies (1) that never submitted PMTAs, (2) whose PMTAs have been refused acceptance or filing
by the FDA, (3) whose PMTAs remain subject to MDOs, and (4) that are continuing to market unauthorized synthetic nicotine products
after the July 13, 2022, cutoff. As none of these scenarios apply to Bidi, the Company believes the current risk of FDA enforcement
is low. 

Separately, on or about May 13, 2022, the FDA
placed the tobacco-flavored Classic BIDI Stick into the final Phase III scientific review. 

2 

Other Potential
Product Offerings 

In addition to the BIDI 
Stick, we anticipated launching distribution of the BIDI Pouch, initially outside of the United States.
The initial planned February 2021 roll-out of the BIDI Pouch was delayed due to COVID-19 based manufacturing and supply
chain constraints. Due to these complications, and in an effort to prevent future bottlenecks, Bidi decided to move manufacturing in-house.
In 2021, Bidi modified the planned formulation of the BIDI Pouch. The original BIDI Pouch formulation
(which never came to market) intended to utilize a tobacco-free (synthetic) nicotine formulation, along with natural fibers and a chew-base
filler in six different flavors. However, production of the BIDI 
Pouch was placed on hold domestically due to concerns about the safety of synthetic nicotine and the likelihood of the FDA enforcement
of synthetic nicotine products either as unapproved drugs or unauthorized tobacco products. Subsequently, the Consolidated Appropriations
Act of 2022, signed by President Biden on March 15, 2022, amended the definition of a tobacco product in the Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act and gave the FDA authority to regulate products containing nicotine from any source, including synthetic nicotine. The
legislation also gave manufacturers of synthetic nicotine products 60 days to prepare and submit PMTAs by May 14, 2022. Synthetic nicotine
products subject to timely submitted PMTAs were allowed to remain on the market without the threat of enforcement for another 60 days,
until July 13, 2022. After July 13, 2022, all synthetic nicotine products, regardless of PMTA status, are illegal and subject to FDA enforcement
(unless the product has actually been authorized and is subject to a PMTA Marketing Grant Order). 
 Also, on July 14, 2021, we announced plans to launch
its first Kaival-branded product, a hemp CBD vaping product. In addition to our branded formulation, we anticipate that we will also provide
white label, wholesale solutions for other product manufacturers through its subsidiary, Kaival Labs. We have not yet launched any branded
product, nor has have begun to provide white label wholesale solutions for other product manufacturers, but the diversification of the
types of products we distribute is an important part of our growth strategy. 

Assuming we launch a hemp CBD product, of which there
can be no assurances, we intend that all CBD products will be produced and distributed strictly in compliance under the Agriculture Improvement
Act of 2018 (known as the 2018 Farm Bill), which defines hemp as the plant cannabis sativa and any part of the plant with a delta-9 THC
concentration of not more than 0.3 percent by dry weight. According to the 2018 Farm Bill, hemp-derived products can be offered for retail
sale in many forms: smoke, pouch, tinctures, topicals, capsules, vape oil and gummies/edibles. We plan to utilize Bidi s patented
BIDI Stick delivery mechanism in order to provide a similar, premium experience in the initial CBD product line. We expect
our industrial-grade hemp CBD formula to provide greater bioavailability than many market peers, resulting in a better consumer experience
in less usage. On January 26, 2023, FDA announced that it would not initiate rulemaking to regulate CBD as a dietary food ingredient.
Rather, after careful review, the FDA has concluded that a new regulatory pathway for CBD is needed that balances individuals desire
for access to CBD products with the regulatory oversight needed to manage risks. FDA further indicated that it is prepared to work with
Congress on this matter. 

Recycling Program 

In addition to our current
product offerings, we launched our recycling program, Bidi Cares, in the spring of 2020, that provides an opportunity for its adult (21
years of age or older) customers to recycle their BIDI Sticks and be rewarded with a free BIDI Stick
after recycling ten used BIDI Sticks. Each BIDI Stick contains UL 8139 Certified batteries, which are
high-quality, recyclable batteries that are distinguishable from batteries used in other ENDS Products. Bidi invests in recyclable batteries
as a more sustainable solution to reduce electronic waste. This program is currently on-hold pending the outcome of negotiations with
the USPS to allow for the shipment of recycled ENDS products. 

Marketing Strategy 

Currently, we market and place our Products
into national distribution channels through long-standing industry relationships in accordance with the A R Distribution Agreement
and with the assistance of QuikfillRx. We process all sales made to non-retail customers. 

Our long-term marketing strategy remains based
on FDA compliance and our commitment to preventing underage access to our Products. As such, we steer away from social media marketing
and, instead, are more focused on ground-level marketing and advertising within authorized retailer locations (i.e., advertisement
on retail partners back-bar tobacco products area). Part of this ground-level marketing effort focuses on supporting our
authorized partner stores and distributors in spreading brand awareness of our Products to their adult (21 years of age and older)
consumer base by providing in-store marketing materials. Additionally, we supplement these efforts with informational videos on
Bidi s fight against underage access to vape products and content on what makes the BIDI Stick unique, among
other types of content. 

Retail stores also have access to online informative
videos about the Bidi story, which can be used to educate and assist in training all of their staff members about the core values
of Bidi. From the recycling initiative to the commitment to preventing underage ENDS use, and stand against the illicit market
of ENDS products, we believe that together with Bidi, we are taking the necessary steps to ensure that our partners are aligned
with our community goals. 

We also attend trade shows at established expos
throughout the United States, such as the Tobacco Plus Expo (TPE), held February 22-24, 2022 in Las Vegas, the CSP Outlook Leadership
Conference in Asheville, N.C., August 8-10, 2022, and the National Association for Convenience Stores (NACS) Show held from October
2-4, 2022, also in Las Vegas. Further, we have a dedicated marketing team that focuses on these marketing efforts and more. 

We conduct our sales and marketing activities in close
coordination with our consultant QuikfillRx. Pursuant to our Service Agreement with QuikfillRx (most recently amended as of November 9,
2022), QuikfillRx provides services and support relating to our sales management function (including, without limitation, services and
support relating to business planning and strategy development, staffing and recruitment, training and onboarding, direct sales and marketing,
and monitoring and results evaluation), website development and design, graphics, content, public communication, social media, management
and analytics, and market and other research. 

3 

KBI License Agreements 

On June 10, 2022, Bidi entered into a License
Agreement (the License Agreement with KBI, pursuant to which KBI has the exclusive irrevocable license to use Bidi s
licensed intellectual property to the extent necessary for KBI to fulfill its obligations set forth in the Deed of Licensing Agreement,
dated June 13, 2022 (the PMI License Agreement ), by and between KBI and PMPSA. Such irrevocable license includes:
(i) the right of KBI to grant sub-licenses to PMPSA under the PMI License Agreement for the express purposes set forth in the PMI
License Agreement, but for no other purpose; (ii) the right of KBI to grant to PMPSA the right to grant sub-sub-licenses in the
manner set forth in the PMI License Agreement, but for no other purpose; and (iii) certain branding rights to the extent (but only
to the extent) necessary to permit KBI to perform its obligations to PMPSA as set forth in the PMI License Agreement. 

Pursuant to the License Agreement, if at any
time, KBI receives any license of PMPSA intellectual property from PMPSA or any of its affiliates in the manner contemplated by
the PMI License Agreement, KBI will grant Bidi an irrevocable sub-license of all right, title, and interest of KBI in and to that
PMPSA intellectual property. In addition, Bidi and KBI agree that any amount payable and all net royalties payable to KBI under
the PMI License Agreement will be apportioned equally between Bidi and KBI in a manner such that each will ultimately receive fifty
percent (50 thereof. 

The License Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties, covenants, and indemnification provisions. 

Philip Morris Deed of Licensing Agreement 

On June 13, 2022, KBI entered into the PMI
License Agreement with PMPSA, effective as of May 13, 2022 (the PMI Commencement Date ). Pursuant to the PMI License
Agreement, KBI granted PMPSA an exclusive irrevocable license to use its technology, documentation, and intellectual property to
make, distribute, and sell disposable nicotine e-cigarettes Products based on the intellectual property in certain international
markets set forth in the PMI License Agreement (the PMI Markets ). The Company has the exclusive international distribution
rights to the Products and, in order to allow KBI to fulfill its obligations set forth in the PMI License Agreement, has contributed
the international distribution rights for the PMI Markets to KBI as set forth in a Capital Contribution Agreement, dated June 10,
2022. The sublicense granted to PMPSA is exclusive in the PMI Markets and neither KBI nor any of its affiliates can sell, promote,
use, or distribute any competing products in the PMI Markets for the duration of the term of the PMI License Agreement and any
Sell-Out Period (as defined in the PMI License Agreement). PMSPA will be responsible for any regulatory filings necessary to sell
the Products in the PMI Markets. Both KBI and PMPSA agree to work together in the registration and maintenance of the Intellectual
Property, but KBI will bear all costs and expenses to implement the registration strategy. Finally, PMPSA has agreed to potential
future development services with KBI in the PMI Markets and has been granted certain rights with respect to potential future products. 

The initial term of the PMI License Agreement
is five (5) years and automatically renews for an additional five-year period unless PMPSA has failed to meet the agreed upon minimum
key performance indicators set forth in the PMI License Agreement, in which case the PMI License Agreement will automatically terminate
at the end of the initial license term. 

In consideration for the grant of the licensed rights,
PMPSA agreed to pay to KBI a royalty payment for the sale of each unit of Product manufactured and sold. In addition, before the launch
of the first product in a market and each anniversary of such launch, PMPSA agrees to pre-pay to KBI a guaranteed minimum royalty, equal
to a percentage of the estimated royalties payable by PMPSA to KBI in relation to all markets in the twelve (12)-month period following
the first launch or each successive anniversary of the first launch, subject to an aggregate maximum guaranteed royalty payment for all
markets for each applicable twelve (12)-month period. PMPSA may require modification of certain products to be sold under the PMI Licensing
Agreement to be modified for a PMI Market. Pursuant to the PMI Licensing Agreement, PMPSA has absolute discretion over sales, marketing,
product branding and packaging pertaining to sales in the PMI Markets, as well as the right to select the specific PMI Markets in which
to launch commercialization and determine what product types are to be promoted in each market, subject to sales and marketing plans and
annual business plans set by PMPSA and certain expansion criteria agreed between PMPSA and KBI. 

The PMI License Agreement
contains customary representations, warranties, covenants, and indemnification provisions; however, KBI s liability under the PMI
License Agreement is capped at the greater of: (i) Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000); or (ii) an amount equal to the total of the royalties
due to KBI (but not yet paid) plus the royalties (including the guaranteed royalty payment) paid to KBI pursuant to the PMI License Agreement
during the immediately preceding twelve (12) consecutive months, provided that such amount shall not exceed Thirty Million Dollars 30,000,000).
These royalties may be initially offset on a limited basis by jointly agreed upon costs such as development costs incurred for entry to
specific international markets . 

In connection with the PMI License Agreement,
the Company, Bidi, and PMPSA also entered into a deed of letter Deed of Letter to require specific performance
of the duties and obligations set forth in the PMI License Agreement if KBI is unable or fails to sublicense the intellectual property
to PMPSA pursuant to the PMI License Agreement and/or is unable or fails to perform certain of its obligations or grant the rights
pursuant to the PMI License Agreement. In addition, the Company, Bidi, and PMPSA entered into a guarantee Guarantee ),
whereby each of the Company and Bidi guarantees to PMPSA up to 50 of all of KBI s monetary obligations set forth in the
PMI License Agreement if KBI fails to perform or discharge certain of its obligations in the PMI License Agreement. 

4 

Resellers 

Currently, our potential distribution network
reach is approximately 48,000 stores in the United States. Our Products can be found in many national and regional convenience-store
chains, such as QuikTrip and GPM Investments, as well as at convenience stores (known in the industry as c-stores serviced through distributors such as S. Abraham and Sons and H.T. Hackney Co. Finally, our Products are also accessible to adults
21 years of age and older through the age-gated digital delivery service mobile application, GoPuff, in more than 50 cities across
the United States. 

Concentrations 

Concentration of
Purchases and Other Receivable - Related Party: 

For
the year ended October 31, 2022, 100 of the inventories of Products, consisting solely of the BIDI Stick, were purchased
from Bidi, a related party company that is owned by Nirajkumar Patel, our Chief Science and Regulatory Officer and director, in the amount
of approximately 1.5 million, as compared to 61.9 million for the year ended October 31, 2021. There was no related party accounts
payable balance as of October 31, 2022. In fiscal year 2021, such inventories accounted for 100 of the total related party accounts
payable. 

On April 29, 2022, our company and Bidi agreed to
cancel the 2.9 million inventory order paid in advance in fiscal year 2021 and this was a credit against the accounts payable due to
Bidi. Inventory quality control expenses were paid by us on behalf of Bidi during the year ended October 31, 2022in the amount of approximately
 0.7 million, and were offset as a credit against the existing accounts payable balance-related party. A credit of 2.9 million was applied
on August 1, 2022, resulting in a related-party receivable balance due from Bidi of 2.1 million, to be applied on future orders of Product.
On October 31, 2022, our company and Bidi agreed to a return for short-coded or expiring inventory. An additional credit of 1.5 million
and 108,000 for recycling costs was applied on October 31, 2022, to the related-party receivable balance due from Bidi. 

As of October 31, 2022, we had a related-party receivable
balance due from Bidi of 3,704,132. 1,539,486 of the receivable is classified as current and 2,164, 646 is classified as non-current.
The receivable balance will be realized though Bidi applying 5 credit on all future orders of Product until the entire balance is
extinguished. 

Concentration of Revenues and Accounts Receivable: 

 For
 the year ended October 31, 2022, a substantial portion (over 50 of our revenues from the
 sale of Products, solely consisting of the BIDI Stick were derived from the following
 customers: (i) Favs Business, LLC Favs Business generated approximately 31 ,
 (ii) H.T. Hackney Co. generated approximately 15 , and (iii) GPM generated approximately
 12 . For the year ended October 31, 2021, a substantial portion of our revenues from the
 sale of Products, solely consisting of the BIDI Stick were derived from the following
 customers: (i) Favs Business generated approximately 23 and, (ii) MMS Distributing,
 LLC MMS Distro generated approximately 16 , and (iii) C Store Master generated
 approximately 14 . 

In addition, Favs Business and QuikTrip Corporation
accounted for approximately 65 and 15 of the total accounts receivable from customers, respectively, as of October 31, 2022.
Favs Business and C Store Master accounted for approximately 50 and 16 of the total accounts receivable from customers, respectively,
as of October 31, 2021. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Report we have ten employees,
all of whom are full-time, including our officers. In addition to our officers, we have employees who fulfill the roles of sales
staff, information technology, web development, warehouse staff, and financial accounting and reporting management. All our employees
are eligible to enroll, or have already enrolled, in our medical plan. 

Environment and Government Regulation
Related to our Operations 

Because we are only a wholesale distributor
of the Products, namely the BIDI Stick, we believe that we are only subject to Federal, state, and international
laws pertaining to a distributor, not a manufacturer, of ENDS Products. 

5 

Our business is dependent entirely on the resale
of the Products provided by Bidi; thus, there is a significant risk that our business could be materially adversely affected if
Bidi, as the manufacturer, does not properly abide by any Federal, state, or international laws that regulate ENDS Products. Any
lapse in production or availability of the Products from Bidi would hamper our ability to operate as we would be limited in our
ability to supply our customers if our inventory ran low or ceased to exist entirely. 

As a manufacturer of ENDS Products, Bidi is
responsible for abiding by and following various rules and regulations pertaining to the manufacturing of the ENDS Products we
sell and any lapse in abiding by any pertinent rules and regulations may negatively impact our ability to operate. As a distributor,
we are also subject to various rules and regulations. Some of the below may not directly apply to us at this time due to the nature
of our present operations. These rules and regulations include, but are not limited to, the following: 

FDA and Related Regulations Relating to
ENDS Products 

Effective August 8, 2016, the FDA s regulatory
authority under The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act was extended to all remaining tobacco products, including:
(i) certain new generation products (such as electronic cigarettes, vaporizers, and e-liquids) and their components
or parts (such as tanks, coils, and batteries); (ii) cigars and their components or parts (such as cigar tobacco); (iii) pipe tobacco;
(iv) hookah products; or (v) any other tobacco product newly deemed by the FDA (the Deeming Rule ).
The Deeming Rule applies to all products made or derived from tobacco intended for human consumption but excluding accessories
of tobacco products (such as lighters). Furthermore, starting in April 2022, FDA was also granted authority to regulate products
containing synthetic (non-tobacco) nicotine as tobacco products. Specifically, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022 amended
the definition of a tobacco product in the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and gave the FDA authority to regulate products
containing nicotine from any source, including synthetic nicotine. 

The Deeming Rule requires (i) United States
manufactured products be registered with the FDA and that products include ingredient listings; (ii) newly deemed products be marketed
only after FDA review and authorization, subject to FDA s compliance enforcement policy; (iii) products only make direct
and implied claims of reduced risk if the FDA authorizes after finding that scientific evidence supports the claim and that marketing
the product will benefit public health as a whole; (iv) sellers of such products refrain from distributing free samples; (v) sellers
of such products implement minimum age and identification restrictions to prevent sales to individuals under age 18 (later extended
to 21); (vi) packaging of and advertisements for products include prescribed health warnings; and (vii) sellers refrain from selling
the products in vending machines, unless the machine is located in a facility that never admits youth. We, along with Bidi, must
comply with these regulations. Any lapse in compliance by us, or Bidi, could hamper our ability to operate, which would adversely
affect the results of operations. 

Newly deemed tobacco products are also subject
to the other requirements of the Tobacco Control Act, such as the products cannot be adulterated or misbranded. The FDA could in
the future promulgate good manufacturing practice regulations for these and our other Products, which could have a material adverse
impact on Bidi s ability to, and the cost to, manufacture our Products, which would adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. 

Failure to comply with the Tobacco Control
Act and or with any FDA regulatory requirements could result in litigation, criminal convictions or significant financial penalties
and could impair our ability to market and sell our electronic and vaporizer products. At present, we are unable to predict whether
the Tobacco Control Act will impact our Products to a greater degree than competitors in the industry, thus affecting our competitive
position. 

As part of the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2021, signed into law on December 27, 2020, Congress amended the PACT Act to apply to ENDS, which includes the BIDI 
Stick. The PACT Act regulates the sale, transfer, or shipment of cigarettes, roll-your-own tobacco, smokeless tobacco, and now
ENDS, for both business-to-business transactions as well as online sales. The PACT Act imposes substantial restrictions on sellers
and shippers of ENDS products, including, but not limited to registration with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives
(the ATF ), registration with state Tobacco Tax Administrators, and monthly reporting requirements to state and local
Tobacco Tax Administrators. Delivery sellers are subject to substantial additional restrictions, including, but not limited to,
compliance with state excise tax collection requirements, licensing requirements, shipping, and packaging requirements. Companies
were required to comply with PACT Act requirements beginning on or about March 28, 2021. 

6 

We have adopted the following compliance measures: 

We have retained a team of legal, tax
 and accounting experts to advise on state and local tax, licensing, and regulatory matters associated with the distribution
 of the BIDI Stick; 

We are appropriately licensed or registered
 in every state which requires it; 

We calculate and remit excise taxes
 where required; 

We have made a substantial
 investment in excise tax reporting and compliance software to ensure that all applicable
 taxes are properly calculated and remitted to the appropriate taxing authorities. The software
 is now completely integrated with our systems; 

We have registered with the ATF and
 the states into which we ship the Products; 

We have implemented processes to ensure
 timely filing of all required reporting; and 

In February 2021, we ceased all direct-to-consumer sales. 

Federal Trade
Commission 

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) routinely requests
various industry sectors to provide information on marketing and advertising practices, and typically summarizes the aggregate information
provided by all respondents in a public report. The FTC issued what is known as an Order to File Special Report to a number
of vaping industry members, including Bidi, on June 2, 2022. Upon being advised of the exclusive distribution arrangement between Bidi
and the Company, the FTC withdrew the request directed to Bidi on August 22, 2022 and issued a request to the Company on August 29, 2022.
The Company responded timely to the FTC request on November 30, 2022. 

State and Local Regulations 

As a retail seller and/or wholesale distributor
of ENDS and related products, we must follow several state and local regulations. Individual U.S. state laws and regulations concerning
e-cigarette and related products are also relatively new and developing. Currently, certain state laws about e-cigarette and related
products serve to define and/or tax tobacco products or e-cigarette and related products, restrict access to youth and/or retail
sale, require a license to sell such products, ban e-cigarette use in certain public spaces, and require child resistant packaging
on products containing e-liquids. In addition, a number of states and localities have banned the sale of non-tobacco flavored tobacco
products. Recently, for example, California passed Proposition 31, which prohibits the sale of non-tobacco flavored tobacco products,
including e-cigarettes, in retail locations. Thus, the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks are not permitted to be sold in California
retail locations. We anticipate more states and localities will take this approach. As a distributor, we hold all required state
licenses and permits, and pay all applicable state e-cigarette and related products excise taxes. We work closely with Bidi to
ensure that it is compliant with applicable manufacturer specific state requirements, such as any warning requirements (e.g., California
Proposition 65). 

Excise Taxes on Vapor Products 

Vapor products are currently subject to excise
taxes at the state and local level. Currently, approximately 31 states, plus various localities and jurisdictions, impose a tax
on vapor products. We anticipate that state and localities will likely continue to impose new excise taxes on these products and
/ or increase existing excise taxes for the purpose of funding various legislative initiatives, filling revenue shortfalls, and
/ or to reduce consumption. In addition, while ENDS products are not currently subject to excise tax at the federal level, legislation
to impose excise taxes at the federal level has been introduced in the past and could potentially be adopted in the future. Any
future enactment of excise tax increases at the federal, state, or local level could potentially result in lower consumption, a
shift in sales to discount brands, illicit trade channels or alternatives as consumers seek lower priced products, any of which
could result in a decline of our shipment volume, revenue, and profit. The Company ceased all direct-to-consumer sales in
February 2021. 

7 

International Regulations and Pertinent
Information 

The World Health Organization s Framework
Convention on Tobacco Control FCTC is the first international public health treaty that establishes a global agenda
to reduce initiation of tobacco use and regulate tobacco to encourage tobacco cessation. Over 170 governments worldwide have ratified
the FCTC. The FCTC has led to increased efforts to reduce the supply and demand of tobacco products and to encourage governments
to further regulate the tobacco industry. The tobacco industry expects significant regulatory developments to take place over the
next few years, driven principally by the FCTC. Regulatory initiatives that have been proposed, introduced, or enacted include: 

the levying of substantial and increasing
 tax and duty charges; 

restrictions or bans on advertising,
 marketing, and sponsorship; 

restrictions or bans on advertising,
 marketing, and sponsorship; 

the display of larger health warnings,
 graphic health warnings, and other labeling requirements; 

restrictions on packaging design, including
 the use of colors and generic packaging; 

restrictions or bans on the display
 of tobacco product packaging at the point of sale, and restrictions or bans on cigarette vending machines; 

requirements regarding testing, disclosure,
 and performance standards for tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide, and other smoke constituents levels; 

requirements regarding testing, disclosure,
 and use of tobacco product ingredients; 

increased restrictions on smoking in
 public and workplaces and, in some instances, in private places and outdoors; 

elimination of duty-free allowances
 for travelers; and 

encouraging litigation against tobacco
 companies. 

If the United States becomes a signatory to
the FCTC and/or national laws are enacted in the United States that reflect the major elements of the FCTC, our business, results
of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Environmental Laws 

We may be subject to federal, state, and local
environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with these provisions has not had, nor do we expect such compliance will have any,
material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures, financial condition, or competitive position. We believe that we are not
subject to any material costs for compliance with any environmental laws. 

8 

Competition 

Because we solely distribute Bidi s Products,
which comprises all our business operations, Bidi s competitors in the ENDS industry are indirect competitors of ours. Many
of these competitors in the ENDS industry are better capitalized than we are and have access to greater resources, financial, and
otherwise. We believe that our ability, and Bidi s ability, to effectively compete in the industry and acquire a strong market
position is, and will continue to be, in large part due to the growing recognition of the Bidi brand name, the perceived quality
of each of our Products, and the ongoing efforts of our sales, marketing, and distribution teams. We, through Bidi, compete against,
just to name a few, what we refer to as big tobacco companies, including Altria Group, Inc. (formerly Philip Morris);
British American Tobacco p.l.c. (formerly Reynolds); Swedish Match; Swisher International; and manufacturers including U.K. based
Imperial Brands, PLC, NJOY, and Logic Technology. Big tobacco has substantially greater resources, and a customer
base that has historically demonstrated loyalty to their brands, which can pose a significant hurdle to competitors operating in
the same, or similar, industries. 

Competition in the ENDS industry is based upon
not only brand quality and positioning but also on price, packaging, promotion, and retail availability and visibility. Given the
decreasing prevalence and public acceptance of cigarette consumption, the big tobacco companies continue to demonstrate
an increased interest and participation in other/additional tobacco industries/markets. As such, we consider the big tobacco 
companies to be our primary competitors now, but it is our belief that we have the capability to compete successfully. 

 Based on Goldman Sachs 
Equity Research Report using Nielsen data for total nicotine volumes (the Goldman Report ), the BIDI Stick was the
top disposable ENDS Product based on retail sales for the 52-week period ending on December 17, 2022. The BIDI Stick has decreased
its absolute-dollar market share of the disposable ENDS market share to 3.2 during the 52-week period ending on December 17, 2022, from
24.2 absolute dollar market share for the 52-week period ending January 28, 2022. According
to the Goldman Report, total dollar sales have decreased 54.8 for the 52-week period ended December 17, 2022. We
believe our market position as the top disposable ENDS Product based on retail sales for the last year underscores the unique customer
experience the BIDI Stick provides. 

Intellectual Property 

Currently, as of the date of this Report, we
have no intellectual property rights other than the trademarks KAIVAL BRANDS AND KAIVAL LABS. We rely on certain intellectual
property rights, including logos, trademarks, and trade names, of Bidi that were granted to us pursuant to the A R Distribution
Agreement to be used in connection with the marketing, advertisement, and sale of the Products. We also indirectly rely on Bidi s
intellectual property rights related to the Products, such as patents. If a third-party challenged Bidi s patents, or infringed
upon such rights, our business would be materially adversely affected. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company EGC ),
that is exempt from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years as defined in the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). The JOBS Act eases restrictions on the sale of securities and increases
the number of stockholders a company must have before becoming subject to the reporting and disclosure rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). We have not elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new
or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the JOBS Act, which allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised
accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private
companies. 

Corporate History 

We were incorporated on September 4, 2018,
in the State of Delaware. Effective July 12, 2019, we changed our corporate name from Quick Start Holdings, Inc. to Kaival Brands
Innovations Group, Inc. The name change was affected through a parent-subsidiary short-form merger of Kaival Brands Innovations
Group, Inc., our wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary formed solely for the purpose of the name change, with and into us. We were the
surviving entity. 

2018 Holding Company Reorganization 

On September 4, 2018, USSE Delaware, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation USSE Delaware acquired all of our then-outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001
per share (our Common Stock ), resulting in us becoming its wholly owned subsidiary. On September 19, 2018, our wholly
owned subsidiary, USSE Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation USSE Merger Sub ), merged with and into USSE Delaware,
our then parent, effected a reorganization (the Holding Company Reorganization in accordance with the provisions
set forth in Section 251(g) of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). USSE Delaware was the surviving corporation
and our wholly owned subsidiary. USSE Delaware also changed its name to USSE Corp. following the Holding Company Reorganization. 

9 

Upon completion of the Holding Company Reorganization,
by virtue of the merger, and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, each share of USSE Delaware s common stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Holding Company Reorganization was automatically converted
into one validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable share of our Common Stock. Additionally, each share of USSE Delaware s
preferred stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was converted into one validly issued, fully paid,
and non-assessable share of our preferred stock, having the same designations, rights, powers, and preferences, and the qualifications,
limitation, and restrictions thereof, as the corresponding share of USSE Delaware s preferred stock. Each share of our
Common Stock issued and outstanding and held by USSE Delaware immediately prior to the effective time was canceled. 

2018 Change of Control 

On October 19, 2018, we issued 500,000,000
shares of restricted Common Stock and 400,000 shares of Convertible Series B preferred stock to GMRZ Holdings LLC, a Nevada limited
liability company GMRZ ), for services rendered to us. GMRZ became our controlling stockholder as a result of
such issuances. On February 6, 2019, we entered into a non-binding Share Purchase Agreement (the Agreement by and
among GMRZ, Kaival Holdings, LLC (formerly known as Kaival Brands Innovations Group, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company KH ), and us, pursuant to which, on February 20, 2019, GMRZ sold 504,000,000 shares of our restricted Common Stock,
representing approximately 88.06 percent of our then-issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, to KH, and KH paid GMRZ consideration
in the amount set forth in the Agreement (the Purchase Price ). The consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the Agreement resulted in a change in control of us, with KH becoming our largest controlling stockholder. The sole voting members
of KH are Nirajkumar Patel and Eric Mosser. The Purchase Price was paid with personal funds of the members of KH. 

2020 Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement 

On August 19, 2020, we entered into a Share
Cancellation and Exchange Agreement (the Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement with our controlling stockholder,
KH. 

Pursuant to the Share Cancellation and Exchange
Agreement, KH returned to us 300,000,000 shares of our Common Stock (the Cancellation Shares ), which Cancellation
Shares were canceled and retired by us. Following such cancellation, KH owns 204,000,000 shares of our Common Stock. 

On August 19, 2020, we filed a Certificate
of Designation of Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which authorized a total of 3,000,000 shares, par value 0.01 per share,
of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). 

In exchange for the Cancellation Shares, we
issued 3,000,000 shares (the Preferred Shares of our newly designated Series A Preferred Stock to KH. The exchange
of the Cancellation Shares and the issuance of the Preferred Shares was intended to comply with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, in that the issuance was exempt from the registration requirements of the Act because the exchange of the Cancellation Shares
for the Preferred Shares was an exchange between us, as issuer, with an existing stockholder, and no commission or other remuneration
was paid or given directly for the exchange. 

2021 Reverse Stock Split 

On July 16, 2021, we filed a Certificate of
Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to affect
a 1-for-12 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of the shares of our Common Stock. The Reverse Stock Split
was effective as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time on July 20, 2021. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock
Split. Any fractional shares of our Common Stock that would have otherwise resulted from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up
to the nearest whole number. In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, our Board approved appropriate and proportional adjustments
to all outstanding securities or other rights convertible or exercisable into shares of our Common Stock, including, without limitation,
all preferred stock, warrants, options, and other equity compensation rights. All historical share and per-share amounts reflected
throughout our consolidated financial statements and other financial information in this Report have been adjusted to reflect the
Reverse Stock Split as if the split occurred as of the earliest period presented. The par value per share of our Common Stock was
not affected by the Reverse Stock Split. 

2022 Preferred Shares
Converted 

The authorized preferred stock of the Company
consists of 5,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.001 per share, of which 3,000,000 shares were designated as Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Series A Preferred Stock was initially convertible
into 100 shares of Common Stock; however, as a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the conversion rate was adjusted such that each
share of the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into approximately 8.33 shares of Common Stock. On June 24, 2022, all 3,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into shares of Common Stock by Kaival Holdings, LLC, a related party. The conversion
of 3,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, at a conversion rate of 8.33, equaled 25,000,000 shares of Common Stock. As a
result, the authorized, preferred stock of the Company consists of 5,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.001 per share, with
0 shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding as of October 31, 2022. 

10 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Our business and an investment in our company
is speculative and subject to significant risks . We caution you that the following important factors, among others, could
cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings
with the SEC, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements. Any or all of our forward-looking statements contained
in this Report and in any other public statements we make may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we
might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in the discussion below will be important in determining
future results. Consequently, no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may differ materially from those
anticipated in forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosure we make in our reports filed
with the SEC. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We rely exclusively on Bidi as the supplier
of the Products that we distribute. The loss of this relationship, or any negative impacts on Bidi s ability to manufacture
the Products, would severely harm our business. Pursuant to the A R Distribution Agreement between us and Bidi, Bidi
has engaged us to act as the sole distributor of the ENDS products and related components, including the BIDI Stick, manufactured
by Bidi. Any failure by Bidi to fulfil its obligation under the A R Distribution Agreement could have a material adverse effect
on our revenue and operating results and operating cash flows; and could impair the strength of our brand. 

In addition, because of our dependence on Bidi as
the exclusive supplier of Products, any loss of our relationship with Bidi, or any adverse change in the financial health of Bidi that
would affect its ability to perform its obligations under the A R Distribution Agreement, would have a material adverse effect on
our revenue, operating results, and ability to run our business. 

Further, Bidi is subject to supply shortages and interruptions,
long lead times, and act-of-God events such as global pandemics, weather related catastrophes, or conflict, any of which could disrupt
the operations of Bidi and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We may be unable to identify or contract with
new suppliers or producers in the event of a disruption to our supply and could experience a material adverse effect on our revenue, operating
results, and ability to run our business. 

The terms of our agreements with Bidi, including our A R Distribution Agreement, may not always be as favorable to us as the
terms that may be obtained by arms length negotiation. We currently are, and we anticipate that we will continue to be,
substantially dependent on our relationships with our affiliated entities, including Bidi. We believe that our current arrangement with
Bidi provides our business with stability and transparency. Although we believe that the terms of the A R Distribution Agreement are
as favorable to us as what we could have obtained in an arm s length transaction, there can be no assurance that this arrangement
or any future agreements that we enter with Bidi, or any other affiliated entity, will be as favorable to us as we may be able to negotiate
with unaffiliated parties. 

Our relationship with Bidi is subject
to change. We currently have no intellectual property rights (other than the trademarks KAIVAL BRANDS and KAIVAL LABS)
and rely on the intellectual property rights, including logos, trademarks, and trade names, of Bidi that were granted to us pursuant
to the A R Distribution Agreement to be used in connection with the marketing, advertisement, and sale of the Products. We
also indirectly rely on Bidi s intellectual property rights related to the Products, such as patents. We have from time to
time considered, and discussed with Bidi, potential alterations to this arrangement, including a potential acquisition by us of
all or a portion of the intellectual property owned by Bidi and related to the Products. Should we pursue such a transaction, it
would be a related party transaction, as defined by the listing rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC (the Nasdaq and, thus, subject to the review of the Audit Committee of our Board. Further, should we undertake such a transaction, then we
would become responsible to respond if a third-party challenged Bidi s patents, or infringed upon such rights, in which case
our business could be materially adversely affected. 

11 

We outsource key sales and marketing and other
key functions to QuikfillRx, and the loss of this relationship would damage our business. We conduct our sales and marketing activities
in close coordination with our consultant QuikfillRx. Pursuant to our agreement with QuikfillRx (most recently amended in November 2022),
QuikfillRx provides key services to us. We are therefore reliant on our relationship with QuikfillRx, and the loss of that relationship
for any reason would significantly damage our ability to operation our business. 

We have a limited operating history, and our
historical operating and financial results may not be indicative of future performance, which, along with the relative early stage of
the ENDS industry, makes it difficult to predict our future business prospects and financial performance. Our current business
model is relatively new, and so business and prospects may be difficult to evaluate. Our limited operating history makes it difficult
to evaluate both our operating history and our future potential. We have yet to demonstrate a consistent ability to generate revenue,
and are still subject to many of the risks common to early-stage companies operating in the nicotine and non-nicotine delivery system
products sector, including the uncertainty as to our ability to implement our business plan, market acceptance of business plan, under-capitalization,
cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financing and other resources and uncertainty of our ability to generate revenues.
There is therefore a significant risk that our activities will not result in any material revenues or profit, and the likelihood of our
business viability and long-term prospects must be considered in light of the stage of our development. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to fulfill our stated business strategy and plans, or that financial, technological, market, or other limitations may
force us to modify, alter, significantly delay, or significantly impede the implementation of such plans. We have insufficient results
of operations in our current business model for investors to use to identify historical trends. Investors should consider our prospects
considering the risk, expenses and difficulties we will encounter as an early-stage company. Our revenue and income potential is unproven
and our business model is continually evolving. We are therefore subject to the risk that we will be unable to address these risks, and
our inability to address these risks could lead to the failure of our business. 

Moreover, the ENDS industry is relatively new
and is rapidly evolving. Changes in existing laws, regulations and policies and the issuance of new laws, regulations, policies,
and any other entry barriers in relation to the ENDS industry may materially and adversely affect our business operations. Bidi
was among the many companies that received a MDO for its non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks. On August 23, 2022,
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit set aside (i.e., vacated) the MDO issued to the non-tobacco flavored BIDI 
Sticks and remanded Bidi s Premarket Tobacco Product Application PMTA back to FDA for further review. Specifically,
the Court held that the MDO was arbitrary and capricious in violation of the Administrative Procedure Act APA because the FDA failed to consider the relevant evidence before it, specifically Bidi s aggressive and comprehensive marketing
and sales-access-restrictions plans designed to prevent youth appeal and access. 

The opinion further indicated that the FDA did not
properly review the data and evidence that it has long made clear are critical to the appropriate for the protection of the public
health APPH standard for PMTAs set forth in the Tobacco Control Act including, in Bidi s case, product
information, scientific safety testing, literature reviews, consumer insight surveys, and details about the company s youth access
prevention measures, distribution channels, and adult-focused marketing practices, which target only existing adult vapor
product users, including current adult smokers, as well as the Company s retailer monitoring program and state-of-the-art
anti-counterfeit authentication system. Because a MDO must be based on a consideration of the relevant factors, such as the marketing
and sales-access-restrictions plans, the denial order was deemed arbitrary and capricious, and vacated by the FDA. 

The FDA did not appeal the 11th Circuit s
decision. The Agency had until October 7, 2022 (45 days from the August 23, 2022 decision) to either request a panel rehearing
or a rehearing en banc (a review by the entire 11th Circuit, not just the 3-judge panel that issued the decision),
and until November 21, 2022 (90 days after the decision) to seek review of the decision by the U.S. Supreme Court. No request for
a rehearing was filed, and no petition for a writ of certiorari was made to the Supreme Court. 

In the meantime, we anticipate that Bidi will
be able to continue marketing and selling the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks, subject to FDA s enforcement discretion,
for the duration of the PMTA scientific review. FDA has indicated that it is prioritizing enforcement of unauthorized ENDS against
companies (1) that never submitted PMTAs, (2) whose PMTAs have been refused acceptance or filing by the FDA, (3) whose PMTAs remain
subject to MDOs, and (4) that are continuing to market unauthorized synthetic nicotine products after the July 13, 2022, cutoff.
As none of these scenarios apply to Bidi, we believe the risk of FDA enforcement is low. 

Separately, on or about
May 13, 2022, FDA placed the tobacco-flavored Classic BIDI Stick into the final Phase III scientific review. 

If
Bidi s planned PMTA for the tobacco-derived nicotine-based formulation of the BIDI Pouch is not submitted to
or authorized by the FDA, we will not be able to sell the BIDI Pouch in the United States . We are currently
planning to initiate distribution of the BIDI Pouch initially outside the United States. Bidi is also planning to
submit a PMTA for a BIDI Pouch manufactured using a tobacco-derived nicotine formula. The BIDI Pouch
cannot be distributed in the United States unless the PMTA is authorized. 

If it is determined or perceived that
the usage of ENDS products poses long-term health risks, the use of ENDS products may decline significantly, which may materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Negative publicity on the health consequences
of ENDS products or other similar devices may also adversely affect the usage of ENDS products. For example, the FDA and the United
States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC issued a joint statement on August 30, 2019, linking a number
of cases of respiratory illnesses to ENDS product use. On November 8, 2019, the CDC announced that it had preliminarily linked
cases of severe respiratory illness to the presence of Vitamin E acetate, which was found in certain Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)-containing
ENDS cartridges for non-electronic nicotine delivery systems (non-ENDS) products that may have been obtained illegally. However,
evidence is not sufficient to rule out the contribution of other chemicals of concern, including chemicals in either THC or non-THC
products. In January 2020, after further research, the FDA and CDC recommended against the use of THC-containing ENDS products,
especially those from unofficial sources, and that the underage, pregnant women and adults who do not currently use tobacco products
should not start using ENDS products. On February 25, 2020, the CDC issued a final update, stating that the number of cases of
severe respiratory illnesses had declined to single digits as of February 9, 2020. The CDC also reconfirmed that (i) Vitamin E
acetate, which was found in some THC-containing ENDS cartridges for non-ENDS ENDS products that were mostly obtained illegally,
was strongly linked to and indicated to be the primary cause of the severe respiratory illnesses, and (ii) THC-containing ENDS
products from informal sources were linked to most cases of severe respiratory illnesses. Furthermore, there have been recent claims
that users of ENDS products may suffer a greater risk of more serious COVID-19 complications. However, it remains unclear whether
the exposure to toxic chemicals through ENDS product usage will increase the risk of COVID-19. 

12 

Research regarding the actual causes of these
illnesses is still ongoing. If ENDS product usage is determined or perceived to pose long-term health risks or to be linked to
illnesses, the usage of ENDS products may significantly decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Although we currently do not offer products containing THC, any perceived correlation between
THC and Vitamin E acetate may adversely affect the public s perception of ENDS products in general, regardless of whether
such products contain THC and/or Vitamin E. 

We may not be successful in maintaining
the consumer brand recognition and loyalty of our Products and face intense competition and may fail to compete effectively. We
compete in a market that relies on innovation and the ability to react to evolving consumer preferences and, thus, are subject
to significant competition in the ENDS market, and larger tobacco industry and compete against companies in such market and industry
that have access to significant resources in terms of technology, relationships with suppliers and distributors and access to cash
flow and financial markets. 

Consumer perceptions of the overall safety
of tobacco and nicotine-based products is likely to continue to shift, and our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate
these shifting tastes and the rapidity with which the markets in which we compete will evolve in response to these changes on a
timely and affordable basis. If we are unable to respond effectively and efficiently to changing consumer preferences, the demand
for our Products may decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

Regulations may be enacted in the future, particularly
considering increasing restrictions on the form and content of marketing of tobacco products, that would make it more difficult
to appeal to our consumers or to leverage existing recognition of the Bidi brand, or other brands that we own or license in the
future. Furthermore, even if we can continue to distinguish our Products, there can be no assurance that the sales, marketing,
and distribution efforts of our competitors will not be successful in persuading consumers of our Products to switch to their products.
Many of our competitors have greater access to resources than we do, which better positions them to conduct market research in
relation to branding strategies or to launch costly marketing campaigns. Any loss of consumer brand loyalty to our Products or
reduction of our ability to effectively brand our Products in a recognizable way will have a material effect on our ability to
continue to sell our Products and maintain our market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, and financial condition. 

The competitive environment and our competitive
position are also significantly influenced by economic conditions, the state of consumer confidence, competitors introduction
of low-priced products or innovative products, higher taxes, higher absolute prices, and larger gaps between price categories and
product regulation that diminishes the consumer s ability to differentiate tobacco products. Due to the impact of these factors,
as well as higher state and local excise taxes and the market share of deep discount brands, the tobacco industry has become increasingly
price competitive. As we seek to adapt to the price competitive environment, our competitors that are better capitalized may be
able to sustain price discounts for long periods of time by spreading the loss across their expansive portfolios, with which we
are not positioned to compete. 

Big tobacco has also established
its presence in the ENDS market and has begun to make investments in the alternative space. There can be no assurance that our
Products will be able to compete successfully against these companies or any of our other competitors, some of which have far greater
resources, capital, experience, market penetration, sales and distribution channels than do we. 

Our distribution efforts rely in part
on our ability to leverage relationships with large retailers and national chains. Our distribution efforts rely in part
on our ability to leverage relationships with large retailers and national chains to sell and promote our Products, which is dependent
upon the strength of the Bidi brand name and, in the future, any brand names that we may own or license, and our salesforce effectiveness.
To maintain these relationships, we must continue to supply products that will bring steady business to these retailers and national
chains. We may not be able to sustain these relationships or establish other relationships with such entities, which could have
a material adverse effect on our ability to execute our branding strategies, our ability to access the end-user markets with our
Products, or our ability to maintain our relationships with the manufacturer and sub-distributors of our Products. For example,
if we are unable to meet benchmarking provisions in certain of our contracts or if we are unable to maintain and leverage our retail
relationships on a scale sufficient to make us an attractive distributor, it would have a material adverse effect on our ability
to act as sole distributor for Bidi, and on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

13 

In addition, there are factors beyond our control
that may prevent us from leveraging existing relationships, such as industry consolidation. If we are unable to develop and sustain
relationships with large retailers and national chains or are unable to leverage those relationships due to factors such as a decline
in the role of brick-and-mortar retailers in the North American economy, our capacity to maintain and grow brand and product recognition
and increase sales volume will be significantly undermined. In such an event, we may ultimately be forced to pursue and rely on
local and more fragmented sales channels, which will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

Competition from illicit sources may
have an adverse effect on our overall sales volume, restricting the ability to increase selling prices and damaging brand equity.
 Illicit trade and tobacco trafficking in the form of counterfeit products, smuggled genuine products, and locally manufactured
products on which applicable taxes or regulatory requirements are evaded, represent a significant and growing threat to the legitimate
tobacco industry. Factors such as increasing tax regimes, regulatory restrictions, and compliance requirements are encouraging
more consumers to switch to illegal, cheaper tobacco-related products, and providing greater rewards for smugglers. Illicit trade
can have an adverse effect on our overall sales volume, restrict the ability to increase selling prices, damage brand equity, and
may lead to commoditization of our Products. 

Although we combat counterfeiting of our Products
by engaging in certain tactics, such as requiring all sales force personnel to randomly collect our Products from retailers in
order to be tested by our quality control team, maintaining a quality control group that is responsible for identifying counterfeit
products and surveillance of retailers we suspect are selling counterfeit Products through our own secret shopper force, no assurance
can be given that we will be able to detect or stop sales of all counterfeit products. In addition, we have in the past and will
continue to bring suits against retailers and distributors that sell certain counterfeit products. While we have been successful
in securing financial recoveries from and helping to obtain criminal convictions of counterfeiters in the past, no assurance can
be given that we will be successful in any such suits or that such suits will be successful in stopping other retailers or distributors
from selling counterfeit products. Even if we are successful, such suits could consume a significant amount of management s
time and could also result in significant expenses to us. Any failure to track and prevent counterfeiting of our Products could
have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain or effectively compete for our Products we distribute under the Bidi
brand names, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our Products are regulated by the FDA,
which has broad regulatory powers. Increases in tobacco-related taxes have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue
to be proposed or enacted in numerous jurisdictions. Tobacco products, premium cigarette papers, and tubes have long been
subject to substantial federal, state, and local excise taxes. Such taxes have frequently been increased or proposed to be increased,
in some cases significantly, to fund various legislative initiatives or further disincentivize tobacco usage. Since 1986, smokeless
products have been subject to federal excise tax. Federally, smokeless products are taxed by weight (in pounds or fractional parts
thereof) manufactured or imported. Any increases in tobacco-related taxes may materially adversely affect the demand for the
Products. 

The market for ENDS products is subject
to a great deal of uncertainty and is still evolving. ENDS products, having recently been introduced to market over the
past 10 to 15 years, are at a relatively early stage of development, and represent core components of a market that is evolving
rapidly, highly regulated, and characterized by a number of market participants. Rapid growth in the use of, and interest in, ENDS
products is recent, and may not continue on a lasting basis. The demand and market acceptance for these products is subject to
a high level of uncertainty. Therefore, we are subject to all the business risks associated with a new enterprise in an evolving
market. 

For example, ENDS products that are non-tobacco
flavored continue to face the threat of prohibition at the local level, as many state and local authorities and attorneys general
push for bans or request the FDA to deny a PMTA for flavored ENDS. To date, at least four states have banned the sale of flavored
ENDS (e.g., New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts), with several more considering similar bans (e.g., Maryland,
California, and Connecticut). As the September 9, 2021, PMTA review deadline has now passed, the FDA has implemented a de facto
ban of flavored ENDS by denying over 93 of pending applications, while issuing zero marketing authorizations. 

If flavors are ultimately prohibited to be
sold by Bidi, because of the FDA s decision on the Section 10.75 review regarding the inclusion of the Arctic BIDI Stick
in the MDO, or otherwise, the use of ENDS products may decline significantly, which may materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Continued evolution, uncertainty, and the resulting increased risk of failure of
our new and existing product offerings in this market could have a material adverse effect on our ability to build and maintain
market share and on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

14 

For more information, see Item 1. Business -- FDA
PMTA Determinations, 11 th Circuit Decision and Impact on Our Business. 

Some of our Product offerings through Bidi are
subject to developing and unpredictable regulation. Our Products are sold through our distribution network and may be subject
to uncertain and evolving federal, state, and local regulations, including hemp, non-THC cannabidiol (CBD) and other non-tobacco consumable
products. Enforcement initiatives by those authorities are therefore unpredictable and impossible to anticipate. We anticipate that all
levels of government, which have not already done so, are likely to seek in some way to regulate these products, but the type, timing,
and impact of such regulations remains uncertain. These regulations include or could include restrictions including prohibitions on certain
form factors, such as smokable hemp products, or age restrictions. On January 26, 2023, FDA announced that it would not initiate rulemaking
to regulate CBD as a dietary food ingredient. Rather, after careful review, the FDA has concluded that a new regulatory pathway for CBD
is needed that balances individuals desire for access to CBD products with the regulatory oversight needed to manage risks. The
FDA further indicated that it is prepared to work with Congress on this matter. Accordingly, we cannot give any assurance that such actions
would not have a material adverse effect on this emerging business. 

Significant increases in state and local regulation of our Products have
been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted in numerous jurisdictions. The PACT Act, which went into
effect in June 2010, amended the Jenkins Act and initially only applied to the sales of cigarettes, roll-your-own tobacco, and smokeless
tobacco. Specifically, the PACT Act regulates the sale, transfer, or shipment of these products for both business-to-business transactions
as well as delivery sales, which are defined as any sale of cigarettes, roll-your-own tobacco, or smokeless tobacco where
the consumer orders the product remotely and prohibits such deliveries through the U.S. Postal Service USPS ), except in
certain circumstances e.g., business-to-business deliveries). 

Under the enactment of the Preventing Online
Sales of E-Cigarettes to Children Act (part of the larger 2021 Consolidated Appropriations Act), effective March 27, 2021, the
definition of cigarettes in the PACT Act was amended to include ENDS, which is defined as any electronic device
that, through an aerosolized solution, delivers nicotine, flavor, or any other substance to the user inhaling from the device, 
including an e-cigarette; an e-hookah; an e-cigar; a vape pen; an advanced refillable personal vaporizer; an electronic
pipe; and any component, liquid, part, or accessory of a device described above, without regard to whether the component, liquid,
part, or accessory is sold separately from the device. As such, delivery sales of the BIDI Stick are subject
to the PACT Act. 

The PACT Act requires all sellers to register
with the ATF, as well as the tobacco tax administrators of the states into which a shipment is made or in which an advertisement
or offer is disseminated. Delivery sellers who ship cigarettes (including ENDS) or smokeless tobacco to consumers are further required
to label packages as containing tobacco, verify the age, and identity of the customer at purchase, use a delivery method (other
than through the USPS) that checks ID and obtains adult customer signature at delivery, and maintain records of delivery sales
for a period of four years after the date of sale, among other things. Delivery sellers are also required to file a monthly report
with the state tobacco tax administrator and any other local or tribal entity that taxes the sale of the products. Such reports
must include the name and address of the persons delivering and receiving the shipment and the brand and quantity of the cigarettes 
that were shipped. These requirements apply to all sales, including sales to consumers and sales between businesses. 

In addition to the de facto FDA flavor ban
that has resulted from the denial of nearly all PMTAs for flavored ENDS, ENDS products that are non-tobacco flavored continue to
face the threat of prohibition at the local level, as many state and local authorities and attorneys general push for bans or request
the FDA to deny PMTAs for flavored ENDS. To date, at least four states have banned the sale of flavored ENDS (e.g., New York, New
Jersey, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts), with several more considering similar bans (e.g., Maryland, California, and Connecticut). 

Our supply to our wholesalers and retailers
is dependent on the demands of their customers who are sensitive to increased sales taxes and economic conditions affecting their
disposable income. Consumer purchases of tobacco products are historically affected by economic conditions, such as changes
in employment, salary and wage levels, the availability of consumer credit, inflation, interest rates, fuel prices, sales taxes,
and the level of consumer confidence in prevailing and future economic conditions. Discretionary consumer purchases, such as the
BIDI Stick, may decline during recessionary periods or at other times when disposable income is lower, and taxes
may be higher. 

15 

We may be subject to increasing international
control and regulation. The FCTC is the first international public health treaty that establishes a global agenda to reduce
initiation of tobacco use and regulate tobacco to encourage tobacco cessation. Over 170 governments worldwide have ratified the
FCTC. The FCTC has led to increased efforts to reduce the supply and demand of tobacco products and to encourage governments to
further regulate the tobacco industry. The tobacco industry expects significant regulatory developments to take place over the
next few years, driven principally by the FCTC. Regulatory initiatives that have been proposed, introduced or enacted include: 

the levying of substantial and increasing
 tax and duty charges; 

restrictions or bans on advertising,
 marketing and sponsorship; 

the display of larger health warnings,
 graphic health warnings and other labeling requirements; 

restrictions on packaging design, including
 the use of colors and generic packaging; 

restrictions or bans on the display
 of tobacco product packaging at the point of sale, and restrictions or bans on cigarette vending machines; 

requirements regarding testing, disclosure
 and performance standards for tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide and other smoke constituents levels; 

requirements regarding testing, disclosure
 and use of tobacco product ingredients; 

increased restrictions on smoking in
 public and workplaces and, in some instances, in private places and outdoors; 

elimination of duty-free allowances
 for travelers; and 

encouraging litigation against tobacco
 companies. 

Our business may be damaged by events outside
of our own or Bidi s control, such as the impact of epidemics (e.g., COVID-19), political changes, or natural disasters. COVID-19
could adversely impact our business, including several key activities that are critical to our success. The global outbreak of
COVID-19 and variants of the virus continues to rapidly evolve. While business interruption due to COVID-19 began to abate during 2022,
global businesses have continued to be subject to intermittent closures and countries around the world have continued to sporadically
limit travel. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and
cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate impact of the disease on specific geographies, the duration of the outbreak,
travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions and the
effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain and treat the disease. 

16 

The spread of COVID-19 throughout the world
has also created global economic uncertainty, which may cause partners, suppliers, and potential customers to closely monitor their
costs and reduce their spending budget. Either of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our research and development
activities, clinical trials, supply chain, financial condition and cash flows. 

If the COVID-19 outbreak continues to spread,
we may need to limit operations or implement other limitations on our activities. There is a risk that other countries or regions
may be less effective at containing COVID-19, in which case the risks described herein could be elevated significantly. 

Reliance on information technology means
a significant disruption could affect our communications and operations. We increasingly rely on information technology
systems for our internal communications, controls, reporting and relations with customers and suppliers, and information technology
is becoming a significantly important tool for our sales staff. In addition, our reliance on information technology exposes us
to cyber-security risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete. Security and privacy breaches may
expose us to liability and cause us to lose customers or may disrupt our relationships and ongoing transactions with other entities
with whom we contract throughout our network. The failure of our information systems to function as intended, or the penetration
by outside parties intent on disrupting business processes, could result in significant costs, loss of revenue, assets or
personal or other sensitive data and reputational harm. 

Security and privacy breaches may expose
us to liability and cause us to lose customers. Federal and state laws require us to safeguard our wholesalers ,
retailers , and consumers financial information, including credit information. Although we have established security
procedures to protect against identity theft and the theft of our customers financial information, our security and testing
measures may not prevent security breaches. We cannot guarantee that a future breach will not result in material liability or otherwise
harm our business. In the event of any such breach, we may be required to notify governmental authorities or consumers under breach
disclosure laws, indemnify consumers, or other third parties for losses resulting from the breach, and expend resources investigating
and remediating any vulnerabilities that contributed to the occurrence of the breach. We rely on third-party technology to safeguard
the security of sensitive information in our possession. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography,
inadequate facility security or other developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology used by us to protect
customer data. Any compromise of our security, even a security breach that does not result in a material liability could harm our
reputation and, therefore, our business and financial condition. In addition, a party who can circumvent our security measures
or exploit inadequacies in our security measures, could, among other effects, misappropriate proprietary information, cause interruptions
in our operations or expose customers and other entities with which we interact to computer viruses or other disruptions. Actual
or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against us. Any insurance coverage that we obtain to cover such risks may be insufficient
to cover all claims or losses. To the extent the measures we have taken prove to be insufficient or inadequate, we may become subject
to litigation or administrative sanctions, which could result in significant fines, penalties or damages and harm to our reputation. 

We may fail to manage our growth. We
have grown significantly in a short amount of time and intend to continue to grow in the future. However, any future growth will
place additional demands on our resources, and we cannot be sure we will be able to manage our growth effectively. If we are unable
to manage our growth while expanding the distribution of our Products and increasing profit margins, or if new systems that we
implement to assist in managing our growth do not produce the expected benefits, our business, financial position, results of operations
and cash flows could be adversely affected. We may not be able to support, financially or otherwise, future growth, or hire, train,
motivate and manage the required personnel. Our failure to manage growth effectively could also limit our ability to achieve our
goals as they relate to streamlined sales, marketing and distribution operations and the ability to achieve certain financial metrics. 

17 

We are subject to fluctuations in our
results that make it difficult to track trends and develop strategies in the short term. In response to competitor actions
and pricing pressures, we have engaged in significant use of promotional and sales incentives. We regularly review the results
of our promotional spending activities and adjust our promotional spending programs to maintain our competitive position as well
as to confirm compliance with our adult-focused marketing policies. Accordingly, unit sales volume and sales promotion costs in
any period are not necessarily indicative of sales and costs that may be realized in subsequent periods. Additionally, promotional
activity significantly increases net sales in the month in which it is initiated, and net sales are adversely impacted in the month
after a promotion. Accordingly, based upon the timing of our marketing and promotional initiatives, we have and may continue to
experience significant variability in our results, which could affect our ability to formulate strategies that allow us to maintain
our market presence across volatile periods. If our fluctuations obscure our ability to track important trends in our key markets,
it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Adverse U.S. and global economic conditions
could negatively impact our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Our business
and operations are sensitive to global economic conditions. These conditions include interest rates, energy costs, inflation, recession,
fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets, and the general condition of the United States and world economies, including
as a result of the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. A material decline in the economic conditions affecting consumers, which cause
a reduction in disposable income for the average consumer, may change consumption patterns, and may result in a reduction in spending
on our Product offerings or a switch to cheaper products or products obtained through illicit channels. As such, demand for our
Products may be particularly sensitive to economic conditions such as inflation, recession, high energy costs, unemployment, changes
in interest rates and money supply, changes in the political environment, the ultimate effect on the economy of the COVID-19 pandemic
and other factors beyond our control, any combination of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, and financial condition. 

The departure of key management personnel and
the failure to attract and retain talent could adversely affect our operations. Our success depends upon the continued contributions
of our senior management, especially our President and Chief Operating Officer, Eric Mosser, and our Chief Science Regulatory Officer,
Nirajkumar Patel. If one or more of our executive officers are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not
be able to replace them readily, if at all. Additionally, we may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new executive officers.
If any of our executive officers join a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose some or all of our customers. Finally, we
do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our executive officers. Because of these factors, the loss of the services
of any of these key persons could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our insurance may be insufficient to
cover losses that may occur as a result of our operations. We currently maintain directors and officers liability
insurance and property and general liability insurance. This insurance or other insurance we may elect to obtain may not be or
remain available to us or be obtainable by us at commercially reasonable rates, and the amount of our coverage may not be adequate
to cover any liability we incur. Future increases in insurance costs, coupled with the increase in deductibles, will result in
higher operating costs and increased risk. If we were to incur substantial liability and such damages were not covered by insurance
or were in excess of policy limits, or if we were to incur such liability at a time when we were not able to obtain liability insurance,
our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

18 

Risks Related to our Securities 

Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended (our Certificate of Incorporation ), and our Bylaws (our Bylaws ), as well as the DGCL and
certain regulations, could discourage or prohibit acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price
of our Common Stock. Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and the DGCL may discourage, delay or prevent
a merger, acquisition, or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which our
stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock. These provisions may also prevent or frustrate
attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. 

In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits
a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, which generally refers
to a person which together with its affiliates owns, or within the last three years has owned, 15 percent or more of our voting
stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless
the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

The existence of the foregoing provisions and
anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of Common Stock. They
could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that our stockholders could receive a premium
for their Common Stock in an acquisition. 

 Future offerings of debt or equity securities
may rank senior to our Common Stock. We may seek to raise new funding from time to time through the issuance of debt or equity
securities. Our Board of Directors has the ability, without further approval of our stockholders, to issue debt or equity securities in
the future ranking senior to our Common Stock or otherwise incur additional indebtedness, it is possible that these securities or indebtedness
will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility and limiting our ability
to pay dividends to stockholders. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights,
preferences, and privileges, including with respect to dividends, more favorable than those of our Common Stock and may result in dilution
(perhaps significant) to our stockholders. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering or otherwise
incur indebtedness will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing,
or nature of our future offerings or financings, any of which could reduce the market price of our Common Stock and dilute its value. 

Raising additional capital may cause
dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations, or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies, if any,
or Products. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings,
strategic partnerships, and alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale
of equity or convertible debt securities, existing ownership interests will be diluted, and the terms of such financings may include
liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of existing stockholders. Debt financing may be coupled with
an equity component, such as warrants to purchase shares, which could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders 
ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain
restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license
intellectual property rights, and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business
and may result in liens being placed on our assets and intellectual property. If we were to default on such indebtedness, we could
lose such assets and intellectual property. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing
arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our Products or grant licenses on terms that are
not favorable to us. 

We may issue preferred stock whose terms
could adversely affect the voting power or value of our Common Stock. Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to
issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences,
limitations, and relative rights, including preferences over our Common Stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our Board
may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power or value of
our Common Stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all
events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption
rights or dividend or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of
our Common Stock. 

The market prices for our Common Stock
are volatile and will fluctuate. The market price for shares of our Common Stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations
in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: (i) actual or anticipated fluctuations
in our quarterly financial results; (ii) recommendations by securities research analysts; (iii) changes in the economic performance
or market valuations of other issuers that investors deem comparable to ours; (iv) addition or departure of our executive officers
or members of our Board and other key personnel; (v) release or expiration of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on outstanding
shares of Common Stock; (vi) sales or perceived sales of additional shares of our Common Stock; (vii) liquidity of our Common Stock;
(viii) significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by or
involving us or our competitors; and (ix) news reports relating to trends, concerns, technological or competitive developments,
regulatory changes, and other related issues in our industry or target markets. Financial markets often experience significant
price and volume fluctuations that affect the market prices of equity securities of public entities and that are, in many cases,
unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such entities. Accordingly, the market price of
our shares of Common Stock may decline even if our operating results, underlying asset values or prospects have not changed. 

19 

Our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market Nasdaq but there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq
in the future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with the standards that we are required to meet in order to
maintain a listing of our Common Stock on Nasdaq in the future. Nasdaq listing rules require us to maintain certain closing bid price,
stockholders equity, and other financial metric criteria, as well as certain corporate governance requirements, for our Common
Stock to continue trading on Nasdaq. If we fail to comply with the continued listing standards, our Common Stock could be delisted. We
have been subject to Nasdaq listing deficiency issues in the past on January 26, 2022, Nasdaq notified the Company that it was not in
compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum closing bid price of 1.00 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2),
because the closing bid price of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock was below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive
business days. While this listing deficiency was cured during 2022, we may become subject to potential delisting if the price of our Common
Stock again falls below 1.00, or for other reasons. A failure to maintain listing on Nasdaq could have a material adverse effect on the
liquidity and price of the Common Stock 

Future sales of shares of our Common Stock
by our controlling shareholder H or by our officers and directors may negatively impact the market price for our Common Stock. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, our controlling shareholder KH as well as our directors and officers and their affiliates
may sell some or all of their shares of our Common Stock in the future. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, such future
sales of shares of our Common Stock may have on the market price of the shares of our Common Stock prevailing from time to time. However,
the future sale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock by our directors and officers and their affiliates, or the perception
that such sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of our Common Stock. 

The concentration
of ownership among our officers, directors, and principal stockholders may prevent other stockholders from influencing significant corporate
decisions and depress our stock price. Based on the number of shares outstanding as of January 27, 2023, our officers, directors,
and stockholders who hold at least 5 of our stock beneficially own a combined total of approximately 77.1 percent of our outstanding 
 Common Stock, including shares of our Common Stock subject to stock options that are currently exercisable
or are exercisable and that vest within 60 days after January 27, 2023. If these officers, directors, and principal stockholders or a
group of our principal stockholders act together, they will be able to exert a significant degree of influence over our management and
affairs and control matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of mergers, business combinations,
or other significant transactions. The interests of one or more of these stockholders may not always coincide with our interests or the
interests of other stockholders. For instance, officers, directors, and principal stockholders, acting together, could cause us to enter
into transactions or agreements that we would not otherwise consider. Similarly, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of
delaying or preventing a change in control of our company otherwise favored by our other stockholders. This, in turn, could have a negative
effect on the market price of our Common Stock. It could also prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over the market price
for their shares of our Common Stock. The concentration of ownership also may contribute to the low trading volume and volatility of our
Common Stock. 

Our Common
 Stock may become the target of a short squeeze. Beginning in 2021, the securities of several companies have
 increasingly experienced significant and extreme volatility in stock price due to short sellers of shares of common stock and
 buy-and-hold decisions of longer investors, resulting in what is sometimes described as a short squeeze. Short
 squeezes have caused extreme volatility in those companies and in the market and have led to the price per share of those companies
 trading at a significantly inflated rate that is disconnected from the underlying value of the company. Sharp rises in a
 company s stock price may force traders in a short position to buy the stock to avoid even greater losses. Many investors who
 have purchased shares in those companies at an inflated rate face the risk of losing a significant portion of their original
 investment as the price per share has declined steadily as interest in those stocks has abated. We may be a target of a short
 squeeze, and investors may lose a significant portion or all their investment if they purchase our shares at a rate that is
 significantly disconnected from our underlying value. 

20 

If securities or industry analysts fail
to continue publishing research about our business, if they change their recommendations adversely or if our results of operations
do not meet their expectations, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our Common Stock
will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or
more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the
financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. In addition, it is likely that in some
future period our operating results will be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. If one or more of the analysts
who cover us downgrade our Common Stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price could
decline. 

We do not currently pay dividends on
our shares of our Common Stock and have no intention of paying dividends on shares of our Common Stock for the foreseeable future.
 No dividends on the shares of our Common Stock have been paid by us to date. We do not intend to declare or pay any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board, after considering
a multitude of factors appropriate in the circumstances, including our operating results, financial condition, and current and
anticipated cash needs. In addition, the terms of any future debt or credit facility may preclude us from paying any dividends
unless certain consents are obtained, and certain conditions are met. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid,
and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. Unless our Board decides to
pay dividends, our stockholders will be required to look at appreciation of our Common Stock to realize a gain on their investment.
There can be no assurance that this appreciation will occur. 

For as long as we are an emerging
growth company we intend to take advantage of reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth
companies, which could result in our Common Stock being less attractive to investors and could make it more difficult for us to
raise capital as and when we need it. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and
we have taken advantage, and intend to continue to take advantage, of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that
are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley ),
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. 

Investors may find our Common Stock less attractive
because we rely on these exemptions, which could contribute to a less active trading market for our Common Stock or volatility in our
share price. In addition, we may be less attractive to investors, and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when
we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting
is not as transparent as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial
condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions
until we are no longer an emerging growth company. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our
system of internal controls over financial reporting and, if we cannot remediate these material weaknesses, we may
not be able to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, which may adversely affect investor confidence
in us and, as a result, the value of our Common Stock. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting that results in more than a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley also generally requires
an attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls over financial
reporting. However, if we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of the exemption
permitting us not to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. 

21 

Our management has identified, and we have disclosed,
certain material weaknesses in our system of internal controls over financial reporting as of our fiscal year ended October 31, 2022.
Specifically, our management has found that our internal control system over financial reporting was ineffective as of October 31, 2022,
based on a determination that there was a lack of sufficient resources to provide adequate segregation of duties consistent with control
objectives, the lack of sufficient and consistent real time remote communications, and the lack of a fully developed formal review process
that includes multiple levels of review over financial disclosure and reporting processes. 

To address these material weaknesses, and subject
to the receipt of additional financing or cash flows, we have undertaken, and intend to continue to undertake, remediation measures
to address such material weaknesses, including implementing prevent and detect internal control procedures pursuant to which we
can ensure segregation of duties and hire additional resources to ensure appropriate review and oversight. 

Our compliance with Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley
will require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and spend significant management efforts. We may not be able to complete
our evaluation, testing, and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify
one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our system of
internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant
deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial
reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
This may expose us, including individual executives, to potential liability which could significantly affect our business. 

We cannot assure you that we will, in the future,
identify areas requiring improvement in our system of internal controls over financial reporting. We cannot assure you that the
measures we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be successful or that we will implement and maintain adequate
controls over our financial process and reporting in the future as we continue to grow. If we are unable to establish appropriate
internal financial reporting controls and procedures, if we are unable to conclude that our system of internal controls over financial
reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant
deficiency in our system of internal controls over financial reporting once that firm begins its audits of our systems of internal
controls over financial reporting, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our
financial statements, harm our operating results, cause investors to lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial
reports, the market price of our common shares could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq,
the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our system of internal controls over financial
reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective internal control systems required of public companies, could also restrict
our future access to the capital markets. 

 Our disclosure
controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms
of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. As of October 31, 2022,
our President and Chief Operating Officer and our
Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date due to material
weaknesses in internal controls identified above. 

These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override
of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our internal controls system, misstatements, or insufficient
disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

22 

We have incurred, and will continue to
incur, increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management has been required, and will continue to
be required, to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. As a public company, we have incurred and are continuing
to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses and these expenses may increase even more after we are no longer an
 emerging growth company and smaller reporting company. We are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act and the rules adopted, and to be adopted, by the SEC. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial
amount of time to these compliance initiatives. 

Moreover, these rules and regulations have
substantially increased our legal and financial compliance costs and made some activities more time-consuming and costly. The increased
costs can result in our reporting a net loss. These rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us
to maintain sufficient directors and officers liability insurance coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount
or timing of additional costs we may continue to incur to respond to these requirements. The ongoing impact of these requirements
could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our Board, our Board committees, or
as executive officers. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

On August 1, 2020, we began leasing office space consisting
of 1,595 square feet as our main corporate office in Grant, Florida for 1,000 per month. The five-year lease agreement is with a related
party, Just Pick, LLC Just Pick ). Nirajkumar Patel, our Chief Science and Regulatory Officer and director, is also an officer
of Just Pick. We believe our office space is sufficient to meet our current needs. 

On November 1, 2021 the Company entered into a month-to-month
lease agreement with Ranger Enterprises, LLC, located in Seymour, Indiana, to store product inventory at this satellite location. The
Company made payments on this lease in the amount of 19,959. The lease was terminated in June 2022. 

On November 11, 2021 the Company entered into a month-
to-month lease agreement with FFE Solutions Group, located in Salt Lake City Utah, to store additional product inventory at this satellite
location. The Company made payments on this lease in the amount of 19.108. This lease was terminated in April 2022. 

On June 10, 2022, we entered into a Lease Agreement
(the 2022 Lease with Just Pick, LLC (a related party) for approximately 21,332 rentable square feet combined in the office
building and warehouse located at 4460 Old Dixie Highway, Grant-Valkaria, Florida 32949 (the Premises ), together with all
improvements thereon. Just Pick, LLC is considered a related party as it is owned controlled by our Chief Science and Regulatory Officer
and director, Nirajkumar Patel. We believe our office space is sufficient to meet our current needs. We must pay the Just Pick lease base
rent equal to 17,776.67 per month during the first year of the lease term. Thereafter, the monthly base rent will be increased annually
with a monthly base rent of 18,665.50 in the second year, 19,554.33 in the third year, 20,443.17 in the fourth year, 22,220.83 in
the fifth year, 23,998.50 in the sixth year, and one twelfth (1/12 th of the market annual rent for the seventh through eleventh
years, if appliable. In addition to the base rent, we must pay Just Pick one hundred percent (100 of operating expenses, insurance costs,
and taxes for each calendar year during the lease term. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may become party to litigation
or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved
in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition, or results of operations. To the best of our knowledge, no adverse legal activity is anticipated or threatened. 

While we are not a party to the legal or regulatory
proceedings involving Bidi described in Item 1 Business FDA PMTA Determinations, 11 th Circuit Decision and
Impact on Our Business, the outcome of those or related proceedings could have a material adverse or positive impact on our ability to
operate our business given our reliance on Bidi. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

On July 20, 2021, our Common Stock began trading on
the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol KAVL. On January 27, 2023, the last reported sales price of our Common
Stock was 0.82. 

Holders 

As of January 27, 2023, we had 56,169,090 shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding and no shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. As of January 27, 2023, we had approximately 7,400 record
holders of our Common Stock. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any dividends to our stockholders
and do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to the
Company s dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board. Also, there are no restrictions which would limit
our ability to pay dividends on common stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Uses of Proceeds from
Registered Securities 

Common Stock Issued 

The authorized Common Stock of the Company consists
of 1,000,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.001 per share. There were 56,169,090 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of
October 31, 2022, as compared to 30,195,312 shares of the Common Stock issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2021. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, stockholders
of the Company exercised warrants to purchase 855,605 shares of the Company s common stock for net proceeds of 1,625,650. 

During the fiscal year
ended October 31, 2022, the Company issued 123,256 shares of Common Stock with the fair value of 172,379 to employees for services
RSUs that were settled with common shares. Of the shares issued to employees, 44,720 shares were withheld by the Company to satisfy tax
withholding obligations equal to 59,862. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, 12,963
shares of our Common Stock were issued to an individual as compensation for Consulting services rendered to us. We issued the shares in
reliance on the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (in that the issuance of shares of our Common
Stock did not involve any public offering). 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, 15,351
shares of our Common Stock were issued to QuikfillRx, LLC as compensation for marketing and promotion services rendered to us. We issued
the shares in reliance on the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (in that the issuance of shares
of our Common Stock did not involve any public offering). 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, 11,323
shares of our Common Stock were issued to an individual as compensation for professional legal services rendered to us. We issued the
shares in reliance on the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (in that the issuance of shares
of our Common Stock did not involve any public offering). 

During the fiscal year ended, October 31, 2022, all
3,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were converted into shares of Common Stock by Kaival Holdings, LLC, a related party. The
conversion of 3,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, at a conversion rate of 8.33, equaled 25,000,000 shares of Common Stock. As
a result, the authorized, preferred stock of the Company consists of 5,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.001 per share, with 0 shares
of preferred stock issued or outstanding as of October 31, 2022. 

In September 2021,
the Company completed a firm commitment underwritten offering, which offering was made pursuant to its Registration Statement on Form
S3 (File No. 333-258339) (the Registration Statement ). The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC declared
the Registration Statement effective on August 10, 2021. The Company sold 4,700,000 million shares of our Common Stock and warrants,
with an exercise price of 1.90 per share and an expiration of five years, to purchase an additional 3,525,000 shares of its Common Stock.
The Company sold each share of its Common Stock and warrants to purchase 0.75shares of its Common Stock at a combined public offering
price of 1.70. The Company also granted the underwriter the option to purchase an additional 705,000 shares of its Common Stock and
warrants to purchase an additional 528,750 shares of its Common Stock. As of October 31, 2021, the Company had received net proceeds
from the offering of approximately 8,305,772, net of offering cost. The Company had also received approximately 1,665,113 from the
exercise of 879,828 warrants. 

During the year ended October 31, 2021, 674,803 shares
of Common Stock were issued to 8 non-employee vendors as compensation for professional services rendered to the Company and two officers
as additional compensation. These shares were expensed to the Company using the closing share price on the grant dates to compute an aggregate
fair market value total of 8,944,100, of which 308,333 shares and 1,597,667 compensation is related to shares issued to Inflection Partners. 

24 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

This management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is designed to provide a reader of the financial statements with a narrative report
on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with
the audited Financial Statements and notes thereto for the year ended October 31, 2022, included under Item 8 Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data in this Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Our actual results could differ materially
from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Please also see the cautionary language at the beginning of this Report
regarding forward-looking statements. 

We are focused on growing and incubating innovative
and profitable products into mature, dominant brands, with a current focus on the distribution of electronic nicotine delivery
systems ENDS ), also known as e-cigarettes . Our business plan is to diversify into distributing other
delivery system products. 

Our principal business activity is presently
focused around our A R Distribution Agreement with Bidi, pursuant to which Bidi granted us an exclusive worldwide right to
distribute Bidi s ENDS as well as non-electronic nicotine delivery systems and related components 
for sale and resale to both retail level customers and non-retail level customers. Currently, such products consist solely of the
 BIDI Stick , Bidi s disposable, tamper resistant
 ENDS product made with medical-grade components, a UL-certified battery and technology designed
to deliver a consistent vaping experience for adult smokers 21 and over. We presently distribute products to wholesalers
and retailers of ENDS products, having ceased all direct-to-consumer sales in February 2021. 

Potential
Impact of COVID-19 

In March 2020, the
World Health Organization (the WHO announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus COVID-19 originating in Wuhan, China and the risks to the international community as the virus spread globally beyond its point of origin.
In March 2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic based on the rapid increase in global exposure. 

We were indirectly impacted by supply chain issues
and regulatory oversight in the fiscal year 2022. We believe that many retailers and distributers relaxed their compliance standards as
an indirect result of COVID-19 for two reasons: (i) government enforcement of regulations was very limited due to imposed social restrictions,
resulting in less in-person monitor enforcement by government officials and (ii) retail stores experienced light foot traffic from customers
due to COVID-19 restrictions and fears, which resulted in relaxed compliance in an effort to generate additional revenue. 

FDA
PMTA Determinations, 11 th Circuit Decision and Impact on Our Business 

As the principal manufacturer
of the products we distribute, Bidi s interactions with FDA and related legal proceedings are of significant importance to our business.
Please see Item 1 Business FDA PMTA Determinations, 11 th Circuit Decision and Impact on Our Business for information
on this important topic. 

Phillip Morris License Agreement 

On June 13, 2022, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary,
KBI, entered into the PMI License Agreement with PMPSA, a wholly owned affiliate of PMI, for the development and distribution of ENDS
products in certain markets outside of the United States, subject to market (or regulatory assessment). The PMI License Agreement grants
to PMPSA a license of certain intellectual property rights relating to Bidi s ENDS device, known as the BIDI Stick in the
United States, as well as potentially newly developed devices, to permit PMPSA to manufacture, promote, sell, and distribute such ENDS
device and newly developed devices, in international markets, outside of the United States. 

On July 25, 2022, we announced the launch of PMPSA s custom-branded
self-contained e-vapor product, pursuant to the licensing agreement. The product, a self-contained e-vapor device, VEEBA, has been custom
developed and is now being distributed in Canada and in the United Kingdom, with additional market launches planned this fiscal year. 

25 

Reverse
Stock Split 

We effected the 1-for-12 Reverse Stock Split of our
Common Stock on July 20, 2021. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every twelve (12) shares of our pre-Reverse Stock Split Common
Stock were combined and reclassed into one share of our Common Stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse
Stock Split. Any fractional shares of Common Stock that would have otherwise resulted from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to
the nearest whole number. In connection with the Reverse Stock Split, the Board approved appropriate and proportional adjustments to all
outstanding securities or other rights convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock, including, without limitation, all preferred
stock, warrants, options, and other equity compensation rights. All historical share and per-share amounts reflected throughout our consolidated
financial statements and other financial information in this Report have been adjusted to reflect the Reverse Stock Split as if the split
occurred as of the earliest period presented. The par value per share of the Common Stock was not affected by the Reverse Stock Split. 

Going Concern 

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern, which contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business within one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. 

In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board (the FASB ), Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements 
Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), our management evaluates whether there are conditions or events, considered in aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued.
As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred significant recurring losses and negative cash
flows from operations. These factors raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In response to the above, we assessed our management s
plans to alleviate that doubt. We had positive working capital as of October 31, 2022 of 7.5 million. We considered that our losses and
negative cash flows were due to various factors such as: (i) uncertainty surrounding the PMTA process with FDA and (ii) the MDO that was
issued to Bidi Vapor on its flavored ENDS product. However, the MDO was set aside and remanded by the 11 th Circuit and the
ability to appeal such decision has passed thereby facilitating the advancement of the flavored BIDI Sticks for sale in the United
States (pending FDA s review of the flavored PMTAs). Concurrently, the PMTA of the tobacco-flavored (Classic) BIDI Sticks
for sale in the United States continues to move through scientific review (pending FDA s review of that PMTA). Management s
assessment included the preparation of cash flow forecasts which considered increases in revenues considering the favorable ruling obtained
on the MDO as disclosed above. 

We believe that our available cash and the cash to
be provided by future operating activities should enable us to meet our estimated liquidity needs for the next 12 months after the date
that the financial statements are issued. Because of the above factors, we believe that this alleviates the substantial doubt in connection
with our ability to continue as a going concern. 

However, there is no
assurance that our plans will be achieve their desired results due to the current economic climate
in the United States and globally. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible
future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from
the outcome of these uncertainties. 

26 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We believe we have
sufficient cash on hand as of January 20, 2023. We had been awaiting the outcome of Bidi s merit-based case pending in the Eleventh
Circuit Court of Appeals with respect to the MDO issued by the FDA in September 2021. The Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals finally ruled
in favor of Bidi on August 23, 2022, so our business and financial condition will not be materially adversely affected, including our
ability to generate increased revenues from sales of all Bidi stick flavors and our liquidity in Fiscal year FY 2023
and likely FY 2024 and beyond. Bidi s scientific
study has now gone into review by the FDA, which can take a considerable length of time, in which period allows us to market and sell.
Other than the ongoing PMTA reviews, we have no known current demands or commitments and are not aware of any events or uncertainties
as of October 31, 2022 that will result in or that are reasonably likely to materially increase or decrease our current requirements
for cash and resulting improved liquidity. 

As of October 31, 2022, we had working capital of
approximately 7.5 million and total cash of approximately 3.7 million. 

We intend to generally rely on cash from operations
and equity and debt offerings to the extent necessary and available, to satisfy our liquidity needs. There are several factors that could
result in the need to raise additional funds, including a decline in revenue or a lack of anticipated sales growth and increased costs.
Our efforts are directed toward generating positive cash flow and profitability. If these efforts are not successful, we may need to raise
additional capital. Should capital not be available to us at reasonable terms, other actions may become necessary in addition to cost
control measures and continued efforts to increase sales. These actions may include exploring strategic options for the sale of the Company,
the creation of joint ventures or strategic alliances under which we will pursue business opportunities, or other alternatives. 

We
believe we have the financial resources to weather any short-term impacts of COVID-19; however, we are unable to presently estimate any
potential future impacts from COVID-19 and an extended impact could have a material and adverse effect on our sales, earnings, and liquidity. The
Company was indirectly impacted by supply chain issues and regulatory oversight. In FY 22 , the Company believes that many retailers
and distributers relaxed their compliance standards as an indirect result of COVID-19 for two reasons: (i) government enforcement of
regulations was very limited due to imposed social restrictions, resulting in less in-person monitor enforcement by government officials
and (ii) retail stores experienced light foot traffic from customers due to COVID-19 restrictions and fears, which resulted in relaxed
compliance in an effort to generate additional revenue. 

We
had also been impacted by Bidi s receipt of a MDO from the FDA. However, in the fiscal fourth quarter of FY 2022 that MDO was eliminated
for Bidi by the Eleven Circuit Court of Appeals decision. For additional information regarding the impact to our revenues during the
last fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2022, please see the section entitled Revenues below. At this time, we do not foresee
the need for further strategic financing for the next twelve months, given the financing we completed in September 2021, as indicated
below, other working capital financing that will be available to us in FY 2022 and our continual and increasing sales efforts and results. 

In September 2021, we completed a firm
commitment underwritten offering, which offering was made pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-258339)
(the Registration Statement ). The SEC declared the Registration Statement effective on August 10, 2021. We sold
4,700,000 shares of our Common Stock and warrants to purchase an additional 3,525,000 shares of our Common Stock. We sold each share
of our Common Stock and warrants to purchase 0.75 shares of our Common Stock at a combined public offering price of 1.90. We also
granted the underwriter the option to purchase an additional 705,000 shares of our Common Stock and warrants to purchase an
additional 528,750 shares of our Common Stock. We received net proceeds from the offering of approximately 8.3 million. We have
also received approximately 1.7 million from the exercise of the warrants. We used the proceeds for general corporate
purposes. 

However, there is no assurance that our plans will
be achieve their desired results due to the current economic climate in the United States and globally. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of
assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

Cash Flows: 

Cash flow used in operations
was approximately 5.7) million for fiscal year 2022, compared to cash flow used in operations of approximately 9.3) million for fiscal
year 2021. The decrease in cash flow used in operations for the fiscal year 2022 was primarily due to the
decrease in inventory purchases and inventory deposits in the current year, partially offset by the decrease in accounts payable 
related party . We anticipate that our cash
flows from operations and sales in fiscal year 2023 will improve based on the minimum purchase obligations set forth in the Sub-Distribution
Agreements, partially offset by minimal increases in costs as we ramp up our sales and marketing efforts. Additionally, we are in the
process of developing a working capital line of credit with a third-party financial firm, which can supply us with short-term cash needs
as our customer growth requires many more orders of product for interim short time intervals. 

Cash
flow provided by financing activities was approximately 1.6 million for fiscal year 2022, compared to cash flow provided
by financing activities of approximately 9.7 for fiscal year 2021. The decrease in cash flow from financing activities for the fiscal
year 2022 was primarily due to the 8.3 million in net proceeds from the firm commitment underwritten offering in September 2021, which
consisted of shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, and the approximately 1.7 million in cash received
from the exercise of warrants, offset by approximately 0.3 million, which was the cash amount that was paid in connection
with the withholding of 92,871 shares to satisfy tax obligations due upon such issuances to certain employees. 

27 

Results
of Operations 

Year
ended October 31, 2022, compared to year ended October 31, 2021 

Revenues: 

Revenues for fiscal
year 2022 were approximately 12.8 million, compared to approximately 58.8 million in the prior fiscal year. Revenues decreased
in fiscal year 2022, primarily in the first two fiscal quarters, generally
due to (i) increased competition, which we believe was the result of the lack of enforcement by federal and state authorities against
sub-par and low-priced vaping products that continued to enter the market illegally without FDA authorization and (ii) Bidi s receipt
of the MDO, which limited our ability in most of fiscal year 2022 to sell flavored BIDI Sticks in the United
States. On August 23, 2022, the 11 th Circuit set aside (i.e., vacated) the MDO issued to the non-tobacco flavored BIDI 
Sticks and remanded Bidi s PMTA back to the FDA for further review. In light of the 11 th Circuit decision, the Company
anticipates having the continued ability to market and sell the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks, subject to FDA s enforcement
discretion, for the duration of the PMTA scientific review. We also anticipate that if the FDA begins enforcement against illegally marketed
or synthetic-nicotine vaping products, there may be an increased demand for compliant and legal vaping products, such as the BIDI 
Stick. 

Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit: 

Gross
profit in fiscal year 2022 was approximately 1.2 million, compared to approximately 11.9 million for fiscal year 2021. Total cost of
revenue was approximately 11.5 million for fiscal year 2022, compared to approximately 46.8 million for fiscal year 2021. The
decrease in gross profit volume is primarily driven by the downturn in sales of the Products, beginning in the fiscal year 2021 and
continuing through the end of fiscal year 2022, which was primarily the result of the negative impact the PMTA and the impact the regulatory
landscape had on our business. Additionally, the cost of the discounts, coupons and promotions programs, that we implemented in the third
quarter of fiscal year 2021 to assist in growing and retaining the customer base and store shelf space, which continued through
current year contributed a lower gross profit margin per unit of Products sales, as these discounts, coupons and promotions
decreased our revenues. 

Operating Expenses: 

Total operating expenses were approximately
 15.6 million for fiscal year 2022, compared to approximately 22.4 million for fiscal year 2021. For the fiscal year 2022, operating
expenses consisted primarily of advertising and promotion fees of approximately 2.7 million, stock option compensation expense
of approximately 6.0 million, professional fees of approximately 3.2 million, salaries and wages of 1.7 million, and all other
general and administrative expenses of approximately 2.0 million. In fiscal year 2021, operating expenses consisted of advertising
and promotional expenses of approximately 3.2 million, which included commissions paid to QuikfillRx pursuant to the Service Agreement
dated March 31, 2020, as amended on June 2, 2020 (the Amended Service Agreement ), and general and administrative
expenses of approximately 10.2 million. General and administrative expenses in the fiscal year 2021 consisted primarily of legal
fees, salaries, professional fees, merchant fees, and other service fees, and were necessary for our Reverse Stock Split process,
the process for the uplisting to Nasdaq, and to a lesser degree some of the indirect costs incurred relating to our Common Stock
and warrants offering in September 2021. Additionally, we incurred legal and other costs related to the FDA s PMTA/MDO process
for limiting the sales of flavored BIDI sticks. We expect future operating expenses to increase while we generate increased sales
growth and invest in the Company s infrastructure to support the planned business growth. 

28 

Income Taxes: 

We have Federal net
operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately 12.3 million and state NOL carryforwards of approximately 85 thousand.
With the changes instituted by the CARES Act, the Federal NOLs have an indefinite life and will not expire. Our federal and state tax
returns for the 2020 and 2021 tax years generally
remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state authorities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the deferred tax asset
if, based on the weight of the evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Management determined that a valuation allowance of approximately 4.2 million for the year ended on October 31, 2022, was necessary to
reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. 

Please
refer to Note 7, Income Tax, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for additional information
related to our income taxes. 

Net Income (Loss): 

 Net loss for
 fiscal year 2022 was approximately (14.4) million, or (0.36) basic and diluted net loss per share, compared to a net loss of
 approximately (9.0) million, or (0.38) basic and diluted net loss per share, for fiscal year 2021. The increase in net loss
 for the fiscal year 2022, as compared to net loss in fiscal year 2021, is attributable to the revenues and expenses factors noted
 above. Weighted-average common stock shares outstanding were 39,710,389 on October 31, 2022, as compared to 24,000,246 on October
 31, 2021. The increase in the weighted-average shares in fiscal year 2022 was primarily attributable to the conversion of 3,000,000
 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to 25,000,000 shares of common stock and the exercise of 855,605 common stock
 warrants issued in connection with our 2021 public underwritten offering. 

Accrued Expenses: 

During fiscal year 2022, we accrued approximately
 33,900 for a quarterly bonus and approximately 18,000 for approved expenses payable to QuikfillRx based on our applicable gross
quarterly sales for the three months ended October 31, 2022. During fiscal year 2021, we accrued approximately 3,800 for a quarterly
bonus and approximately 180,000 for a monthly retainer plus approved expenses payable to QuikfillRx based on our applicable gross
quarterly sales for the three months ended October 31, 2021. 

Excise taxes totaling approximately 6,600 were
accrued based on taxable sales during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, compared to excise taxes of approximately 2,200
that were accrued in fiscal year 2021 based on taxable sales during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021. 

Concentrations: 

Financial instruments, which potentially subject
us to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of purchases of inventories, accounts payable, accounts receivable, and
revenue. 

29 

Concentration of
Purchases and Accounts Payable- Related Party: 

For the year ended October 31, 2022, 100 of the inventories
of Products, consisting solely of the BIDI Stick, were purchased from Bidi, a related party company that is owned by
Nirajkumar Patel, our Chief Science and Regulatory Officer and director, in the amount of approximately 1.5 million, as compared
to 61.9 million for the year ended October 31, 2021. There was no related party accounts payable balance as of October 31, 2022. In fiscal
year 2021, such inventories accounted for 100 of the total related party accounts payable. 

On April 29, 2022, our company and Bidi agreed to
cancel the 2.9 million inventory order paid in advance in fiscal year 2021 and this was a credit against the accounts payable due to
Bidi. Inventory quality control expenses were paid by us on behalf of Bidi during the year ended October 31, 2022 in the amount of approximately
 0.7 million and were offset as a credit against the existing accounts payable balance-related party. A credit of 2.9 million was applied
on August 1, 2022, resulting in a related-party receivable balance due from Bidi of 2.1 million, to be applied on future orders of Product.
On October 31, 2022, our company and Bidi agreed to a return for short-coded or expiring inventory. An additional credit of 1.5 million
and 108,000 for recycling costs was applied on October 31, 2022, to the related-party receivable balance due from Bidi. 

As
of October 31, 2022, we had a related-party receivable balance due from Bidi of 3.7 million, in which 1.5 million of the receivable
is classified as current and 2.2 million is classified as non-cur rent . The
receivable balance will be realized through Bidi applying 5 credits on all future orders of Product until the entire balance is extinguished. 

Concentration of Revenues and Accounts Receivable: 

For the fiscal year 2022, (i) approximately 31 of
the revenue from the sale of Products, solely consisting of the BIDI Stick, was generated from Favs Business in the amount
of approximately 3.9 million, (ii) approximately 15 of the revenue from the sale of the Products was generated from H.T. Hackney Co.
in the amount of approximately 1.9 million, and (iii) approximately 12 of the revenue from the sale of Products, solely consisting
of the BIDI Stick, was generated from GPM, in the amount of approximately 1.5 million. In Fiscal year 2021, approximately 23 of the
revenue from the sale of Products, solely consisting of the BIDI Stick, was generated from Favs Business in the amount
of approximately 13.9 million and approximately 16 of the revenue from the sale of the Products was generated from MMS Distro in the
amount of approximately 9.6 million. 

Favs Business with an outstanding balance of approximately 375,000
and QuikTrip Corporation, with an outstanding balance of approximately 85,000, accounted for approximately 65 and 15 of the
total accounts receivable from customers, respectively, as of October 31, 2022. Favs Business with an outstanding balance of approximately
 1.0 million and C Store Master, with an outstanding balance of approximately 322,000, accounted for approximately 50 and 16 
of the total accounts receivable from customers, respectively, as of October 31, 2021. 

Cash
and Restricted Cash 

We consider all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. There were no cash equivalents on October 31,
2022, or October 31, 2021. Cash and restricted cash on October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, were 3.7 million and 7.8 million,
respectively. 

Restricted cash consists of cash held short-term
in escrow as required. As of October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, we had 0 and 65,007 in restricted cash, respectively, for
amounts held in escrow. 

30 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

 Our financial statements are prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, (or GAAP). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities, the disclosure or inclusion of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period. We evaluate our significant estimates on an ongoing basis, including,
but not limited to, estimates related to allowance for doubtful accounts, and income tax provisions. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. 

We believe that the assumptions associated
with our revenue recognition have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements. Therefore, we consider this to be
our only critical accounting policy and we do not consider any of our estimates to be critical accounting estimates. 

 However,
 we consider Revenue Recognition the most critical accounting policy for the Company that
 could create a material misevaluation of Product Revenue if not adhered to and implemented
 successfully. We adopted ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 ASC 606 ), in the second quarter of fiscal year 2020, as this was the first
 quarter that we generated revenues. Under ASC 606, we recognize revenue when a customer obtains
 control of promised goods, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to
 receive in exchange for the goods. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements within
 the scope of ASC 606, we perform the following five steps: (1) identify the contracts with
 a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction
 price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract;
 and (5) recognize revenue when or as the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We only
 apply the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the
 consideration it is entitled to in exchange for the goods it transfers to the customer. 

Revenue Recognition Policy 

Products Revenue 

We generate product revenue from the sale of the
Products (as defined above) to non-retail customers. We recognize revenue at a point in time based on management s evaluation of
when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied and control of the Products has been transferred
to the customer. In most situations, transfer of control is considered complete when the products have been shipped to the customer.
However, when we enter a consignment agreement with a new customer, once we ship and deliver the requested amount of the Products the
customer ordered to it distribution center for its retail sales location, we retain ownership of the delivered Products until they are
delivered to their retail stores. When the Products are sold in the stores and the funds, as stated in the consignment agreement, are
remitted to us, then we record the revenues in our financial records. We determined that a customer obtains control of the Product upon
shipment when title of such product and risk of loss transfer to the customer. Our shipping and handling costs are fulfillment costs,
and such amounts are classified as part of cost of sales. The advance payment is not considered a significant financing component
because the period between when we transfer a promised good to a customer and when the customer pays for that good is short. We offer
credit sales arrangements to non-retail (or wholesale) customers and monitor the collectability of each credit sale routinely. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

We qualify as a smaller reporting company,
as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K and, thus, are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

31 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

KAIVAL
BRANDS INNOVATIONS GROUP, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX TO
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Pages 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Kaival Innovations Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of October 31, 2022, and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

January
27, 2023 

F- 2 

Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

October 31, 2022 
 
 October 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivable related parties short term 

Inventory deposit related party 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Income tax receivable 

Total current assets 

Other receivable related party net of current portion 

Right of use asset- operating lease 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable- related party 

Accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease obligation, short term 

Customer refund due 

Total current liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES 

Operating lease obligation, net of current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock shares authorized; Series A Convertible Preferred stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, respectively) 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the Years Ended October 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Revenues, net 

Revenues related parties 

Royalty revenue 

Excise tax on products 

() 

() 
 
 Total revenues, net 

Cost of revenue 

Cost of revenue related party 

Cost of revenue other 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Advertising and promotions 

General and
administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Other income 

Interest income 

Total other income 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 For the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021 

Convertible Preferred Shares 
 
 Par Value Convertible Preferred Shares 
 
 Common Shares 
 
 Par Value Common Shares 
 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 
 Total 

(Series A) 
 
 (Series A) 

Balances, October 31, 2020 

Stock issued for services RSUs 

Common stock settled and canceled 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock issued for compensation 

Stock option expense 

Common stock issued for cash, net of financing cost 

Common stock issued for warrant exercise 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balances, October 31, 2021 

() 

Stock issued for services RSUs 

Common shares settled and cancelled 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock issued for compensation 

Exercise of common stock warrants 

Converted Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

() 

() 

() 

Stock option expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balances, October 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended 
 
 For the Year Ended 

October 31, 2022 
 
 October 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Stock options expense 

ROU operating lease expense 

Write off of inventory 

Changes in current assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 
 
 Other receivable related party 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Inventory 

() 
 
 Inventory deposit related party 

() 
 
 Income tax receivable 

() 
 
 Accounts payable 

() 

Accounts payable related party 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 
 
 Deferred revenue 

() 
 
 Income tax accrual 

() 
 
 Customer deposits 

Customer refund due 

() 

Payments on operating lease liability 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Common stock issued for cash, net of financing cost 

Proceeds from the exercise of warrants 

Settled RSU shares with cash 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and restricted cash 

() 

Beginning cash and restricted cash balance 

Ending cash and restricted cash balance 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Conversion
of Series A Preferred Stock Shares to Common Stock Shares 

ROU asset and operating lease obligation recognized under Topic 842 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

KAIVAL BRANDS INNOVATIONS GROUP, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

COVID-19 

In January 2020, the World
Health Organization (the WHO announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus COVID-19 originating in Wuhan, China and the risks to the international community as the virus spread globally beyond its point of origin. In March
2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic based on the rapid increase in global exposure. 

The Company was indirectly
impacted by supply chain issues and regulatory oversight. The Company believes that many retailers and distributers relaxed their compliance
standards as an indirect result of COVID-19 for two reasons: (i) government enforcement of regulations was very limited due to imposed
social restrictions, resulting in less in-person monitor enforcement by government officials and (ii) retail stores experienced light
foot traffic from customers due to COVID-19 restrictions and fears, which resulted in relaxed compliance in an effort to generate additional
revenue. 

Impact of FDA PMTA
Determinations and August 2022 11 th Circuit Decision 

In September 2021, in connection
with the PMTA process, the FDA effectively banned flavored ENDS by denying nearly all then-pending PMTAs for such products.
Following the issuance of Marketing Denial Orders MDO ), manufacturers are required to stop selling non-tobacco flavored
ENDS products. 

Bidi, along with nearly
every other company in the ENDS industry, received a MDO for its non-tobacco flavored ENDS products. With respect to Bidi, the MDO covered
all non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks, including its Arctic (menthol) BIDI Stick. As a result, beginning in September 2021,
Bidi challenged the MDO. First, on September 21, 2021, separate from the judicial appeal of the MDO in its entirety, Bidi filed a 21
C.F.R. 10.75 internal the FDA review request specifically
of the decision to include the Arctic (menthol) BIDI Stick in the MDO. In May 2022, the FDA issued a determination that it views
the Arctic BIDI Stick as a flavored ENDS product, and not strictly a menthol flavored product. 

On September 29, 2021, Bidi petitioned the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit (the 11 th Circuit to review the FDA s denial of the PMTAs for its
non-tobacco flavored BIDI Stick ENDS, arguing that it was arbitrary and capricious under the Administrative Procedure Act APA ),
as well as ultra vires, for the FDA not to conduct any scientific review of Bidi s comprehensive applications, as required by the
Tobacco Control Act TCA ), to determine whether the BIDI Sticks are appropriate for the protection of the public
health . Bidi further argued that the FDA violated due process and the APA by failing to provide fair notice of the FDA s
new requirement for ENDS companies to conduct long-term comparative smoking cessation studies for their flavored products, and that the
FDA should have gone through the notice and comment rulemaking process for this requirement. 

On October 14, 2021, Bidi requested
that the FDA re-review the MDO and reconsider its position that Bidi did not include certain scientific data in its applications sufficient
to allow the PMTAs to proceed to scientific review. In light of this request, on October 22, 2021, pursuant to 21 C.F.R. 10.35(a),
the FDA issued an administrative stay of Bidi s MDO pending its re-review. Subsequently, the FDA decided not to rescind the MDO
and lifted its administrative stay on December 17, 2021. Following the lifting of the FDA s administrative stay, Bidi filed a renewed
motion to stay the MDO with the 11th Circuit. On February 1, 2022, the appellate court granted Bidi s motion to stay (i.e., put
on hold) the MDO, pending the litigation on the merits. Oral arguments in the merits-based proceeding were held on May 17, 2022. 

On August 23, 2022, the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit set aside the MDO issued to the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks and remanded Bidi s
Premarket Tobacco Product Application PMTA back to the FDA for further review. Specifically, the Court held that the
MDO was arbitrary and capricious in violation of the Administrative Procedure Act APA because the FDA failed
to consider the relevant evidence before it, specifically Bidi s aggressive and comprehensive marketing and sales-access-restrictions
plans designed to prevent youth appeal and access. 

The opinion further
indicated that the FDA did not properly review the data and evidence that it has long made clear are critical to the appropriate for
the protection of the public health APPH standard for PMTAs set forth in the Tobacco Control Act including, in Bidi s
case, product information, scientific safety testing, literature reviews, consumer insight surveys, and details about the company s
youth access prevention measures, distribution channels, and adult-focused marketing practices, which target only existing
adult vapor product users, including current adult smokers, as well as the Company s retailer monitoring program and state-of-the-art
anti-counterfeit authentication system. Because a MDO must be based on a consideration of the relevant factors, such as the marketing
and sales-access-restrictions plans, the denial order was deemed arbitrary and capricious, and vacated by the FDA. 

The FDA did not appeal the 11th Circuit s decision.
The Agency had until October 7, 2022 (45 days from the August 23, 2022 decision) to either request a panel rehearing or a rehearing en
banc (a review by the entire 11 th Circuit, not just the 3-judge panel that issued the decision), and until November
21, 2022 (90 days after the decision) to seek review of the decision by the U.S. Supreme Court. No request for a rehearing was filed,
and no petition for a writ of certiorari was made to the Supreme Court. 

In the meantime, the
Company anticipates continued ability to market and sell the non-tobacco flavored BIDI Sticks, subject to the FDA s enforcement
discretion, for the duration of the PMTA scientific review. 

Separately, on or about
May 13, 2022, the FDA placed the tobacco-flavored Classic BIDI Stick into the final Phase III scientific review. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The FDA has indicated that it is prioritizing enforcement
of unauthorized ENDS against companies (1) that never submitted PMTAs, (2) whose PMTAs have been refused acceptance or filing by the FDA,
(3) whose PMTAs remain subject to MDOs, and (4) that are continuing to market unauthorized synthetic nicotine products after the July
13, 2022, cutoff. Subject to FDA s enforcement discretion, until the scientific review process is complete on each of Bidi s
PMTA s, the Company views the risk of FDA enforcement against Bidi as low. The Company anticipates FDA will move forward with a
review of Bidi s PMTA on remand, as directed by the Court; however, the Company cannot provide any assurances as to the timing or
outcome. 

Accordingly, the Company
anticipates FDA will move forward with a review of Bidi s PMTA on remand, as directed by the Court. 

Moreover, Bidi s
application is particularly comprehensive, and now includes, among other things, a randomized, crossover, clinical study to assess nicotine
pharmacokinetics and subjective effects of the BIDI Stick, several behavioral, perception and intention studies, as well as a nationally-representative
population prevalence study. A complete scientific review of the PMTA would require FDA to review all of this information before making
an APPH determination, and while FDA could narrowly interpret the Court s ruling as an order to review only Bidi s marketing
and sales-access restrictions plans, the 11 th Circuit s opinion, in the Company s view, makes clear that all relevant
evidence in an application must be considered. For applications that are in scientific review, FDA typically issues a deficiency
letter identifying its questions before making a marketing authorization decision and gives the applicant at least 90 days to respond.
This further solidifies the Company s belief that the scientific review of Bidi s non-tobacco flavored applications could
take 1-2 years or longer. However, the Company cannot provide any assurances as to the timing or outcome. 

and , respectively. 

Cash and restricted cash
consist of cash and cash held short-term in escrow as required. As of October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, the Company had 0 and 
in restricted cash, respectively, for amounts held in escrow. 

The following table sets
forth a reconciliation of cash, and restricted cash reported in the consolidated balance sheet and the consolidated statements of cash
flows that agrees to the total of those amounts presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Restricted
cash 

Total
cash and restricted cash shown in statement of cash flows 

allowance for doubtful accounts as of October 31, 2021. 

related to short-coded Bidi sticks that were
no longer able to be sold. Based upon fiscal year 2022 inventory management procedures and their results, the Company has determined
that allowance for inventory is required as of October
31, 2022 and 2021. 

million from its
capital financing raise to Bidi, a related party, to have BIDI Sticks manufactured with regulatory product
requirements, different from the United States, as stipulated by the United Kingdom. The parties originally contemplated that
delivery of the BIDI Sticks to the Company would occur by the end of April 2022. On April 29, 2022, the Company and Bidi
agreed to cancel the order due to an internal change of approach to international distribution, and Bidi agreed to credit the against
the accounts payable balance owed by the Company to Bidi. As of October 31, 2022, the Company has on its balance sheet a zero
balance for inventory deposits and inventory deposits related party. 

and of our total sales of BIDI Sticks for the fiscal years ended October
31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

and in deposits from customers, respectively, which is included with the Company s current
liabilities. As of October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, the Company has received and 0 in deferred income from PMI guaranteed
royalty revenue prepayments, respectively, which is included with the Company s current liabilities. 

and refunds due to one customer, which was the result of one of the Company s sub-distributor customers returning
Product that had become defective in storage. 

The Company generates products revenue from the sale
of the Products (as defined above) to non-retail customers. The Company recognizes revenue at a point in time based on management s
evaluation of when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied and control of the Products has
been transferred to the customer. In most situations, transfer of control is considered complete when the products have been shipped to
the customer. The Company determined that a customer obtains control of the Product upon shipment when title of such product and risk
of loss transfer to the customer. The Company s shipping and handling costs are fulfillment costs, and such amounts are classified
as part of cost of sales. The Company offers credit sales arrangements to non-retail (or wholesale) customers and monitors the collectability
of each credit sale routinely. 

Revenue is measured by the transaction price, which
is defined as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for providing goods to customers. The transaction price
is adjusted for estimates of known or expected variable consideration, which includes refunds and returns as well as incentive offers
and promotional discounts on current orders. Estimates for sales returns are based on, among other things, an assessment of historical
trends, information from customers, and anticipated returns related to current sales activity. These estimates are established in the
period of sale and reduce revenue in the period of the sale. Variable consideration related to incentive offers and promotional programs
are recorded as a reduction to revenue based on amounts the Company expects to collect. Estimates are regularly updated, and the impact
of any adjustments are recognized in the period the adjustments are identified. In many cases, key sales terms such as pricing and quantities
ordered are established at the time an order is placed and incentives have very short-term durations. 

Amounts billed and due from customers are short term
in nature and are classified as receivable since payments are unconditional and only the passage of time related to credit terms is required
before payments are due. The Company does not grant payment financing terms greater than one year. Payments received in advance of revenue
recognition are recorded as deferred revenue, as noted above. 

); or (ii) an amount equal
to the total of the royalties due to KBI (but not yet paid) plus the royalties (including the guaranteed royalty payment) paid to KBI
pursuant to the PMI License Agreement during the immediately preceding twelve (12) consecutive months, provided that such amount shall
not exceed Thirty Million Dollars ). These royalties may be initially offset on a limited basis by jointly agreed upon costs
such as development costs incurred for entry to specific international markets. 

Concentration of Revenues and Accounts Receivable 

For
the fiscal year 2022, (i) approximately 30 or of the revenue from the sale of Products, solely consisting of the BIDI 
 Stick, was generated from Favs Business, (ii) approximately 15 or of the revenue from the sale
of the Products was generated from H.T. Hackney Co., and (iii) approximately 11 or of the revenue from the sale of Products,
solely consisting of the BIDI Stick, was generated from GPM. 

In Fiscal year 2021,
approximately 23 or of the revenue from the sale of Products, solely consisting of the BIDI Stick, was generated
from Favs Business, approximately 16 or of the revenue from the sale of the Products was generated from MMS Distro, and approximately
14 or of the revenue from the sale of the Products was generated from C Store Master. 

Favs Business with an outstanding balance of 
 and QuikTrip Corporation, with an outstanding balance of ,
accounted for approximately 65 and 15 of the total accounts receivable from customers, respectively, as of October 31, 2022. 

Favs Business with an outstanding balance of 
and C Store Master, with an outstanding balance of , accounted for approximately 50 and 16 of the total accounts receivable
from customers, respectively, as of October 31, 2021. 

Expected option term (years) 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 - 

The expected term of options
granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility was based on the volatility
in the trading of the Common Stock. The assumed discount rate was the default risk-free ten-year interest rate for US Treasury bills.
 The Company's stock
option expense for the year ended October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, was 
 and ,
respectively. 

The Company s stock-based compensation for common stock issued for
services for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and October 31, 2021, was and , respectively. 

million and state NOL carryforwards, consisting of total deferred tax liabilities, totaling approximately million. With the
changes instituted by the CARES Act, the Federal NOLs have an indefinite life and will not expire. The Company s federal and state
tax returns for the 2019, 2020, and 2021 tax years generally remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state authorities. A valuation
allowance is recorded to reduce the deferred tax asset if, based on the weight of the evidence, it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative, management
has determined that a valuation allowance of for the -year ended
on October 31, 2022, and a valuation allowance of for the year ended on October 31, 2021 were necessary to reduce the total
net deferred tax asset to the amount that will more likely than not be realized pursuant to ASC 740 for those fiscal years. 

.
The Company considered that its losses and negative cash flows were due to various factors such as: (i) uncertainty surrounding the PMTA
process with FDA and (ii) the MDO that was issued to Bidi Vapor on its flavored ENDS product. However, the MDO was set aside and remanded
by the 11 th Circuit and the ability to appeal such decision has passed thereby facilitating the advancement of the flavored
BIDI Sticks for sale in the United States (pending FDA s review of the flavored PMTAs). Concurrently, the PMTA of 
the tobacco-flavored (Classic) BIDI Sticks for sale in the United States continues to move through scientific review (pending FDA s
review of that PMTA). Management s assessment included the preparation of cash flow forecasts which considered increases in revenues
considering the favorable ruling obtained on the MDO as disclosed above. 

The Company believes that its available cash and the
cash to be provided by future operating activities should enable the Company to meet its estimated liquidity needs for the next 12 months
after the date that the financial statements are issued. Because of the above factors, the Company believes that this alleviates the substantial
doubt in connection with the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

However, there is no assurance that the Company s
plans will be successful due to the current economic climate in the United States and globally. The consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and
classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

On November 11, 2021 

On June 10, 2022, the Company entered into a Lease
Agreement (the 2022 Lease with Just Pick for approximately 21,332 rentable square feet combined in the office building
and warehouse located at 4460 Old Dixie Highway, Grant-Valkaria, Florida 32949 (the Premises ), together with all improvements
thereon. Just Pick is considered a related party to the Company because the Company s Chief Science and Regulatory Officer and director,
Mr. Nirajkumar Patel, owns and controls Just Pick. 

The Company must pay Just Pick base rent equal to
 .67
per month during the first year of the Lease Term with a five-year lease renewal option. Thereafter, the monthly base rent will be increased
annually with a monthly base rent of .50
in the second year, .33
in the third year, .17
in the fourth year, .83
in the fifth year, .50
in the sixth year, and one twelfth (1/12th) of the market annual rent for the seventh through eleventh years, if applicable. In addition
to the base rent, the Company must pay one hundred percent (100 of operating expenses, insurance costs, and taxes for each calendar
year during the Lease term. For both the ROU asset and ROU liability, the lease renewal option was considered in the calculation with
an incremental borrowing rate of 
The Company has and in operating lease expense for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Cash flow information related to leases
was as follows: 

() 

The following table summarizes the lease-related assets
and liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance sheets on October 31, 2022, and 2021: 

Right
of use liability operating lease, current portion 

Right
of use liability operating lease, long term 

Total
operating lease liabilities 

The following table provides the future minimum operating
lease payments as of October 31, 2022: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total future undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 
 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

As of October 31, 2022, the Company had additional
leases which had not yet commenced. 

common shares for services rendered with a fair value of . There were common shares
issued for the conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Common Stock, see preferred shares converted below. The Company
issued for proceeds for the exercise of warrants. 

During
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021: 

During the year ended October 31, 2021, shares
of Common Stock were issued to 8 non-employee vendors as compensation for professional services rendered to the Company and two officers
as additional compensation. These shares were expensed to the Company using the closing share price on the grant dates to compute an aggregate
fair market value total of , of which shares and compensation is related to shares issued to Inflection Partners
disclosed above. 

 In September 2021, the Company completed a
firm commitment underwritten offering, which offering was made pursuant to its Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
333-258339) (the Registration Statement ). The Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC declared the
Registration Statement effective on August 10, 2021. The Company sold 
million shares of our Common Stock and warrants, with an exercise price of 
per share and an expiration of five years, to purchase an additional 
shares of its Common Stock. The Company sold each share of its Common Stock and warrants to purchase 0.75 shares of its Common Stock
at a combined public offering price of . The
Company also granted the underwriter the option to purchase an additional 
shares of its Common Stock and warrants to purchase an additional shares
of its Common Stock. As of October 31, 2021, the Company had received net proceeds from the offering of approximately ,
net of offering cost. The Company had also received approximately 
from the exercise of 
warrants. 

On November 1, 2020, the Company entered into
a Consulting Agreement with Inflection Partners LLC Inflection Partners ), pursuant to which the Company engaged Inflection
Partners to provide investor relations, corporate communication, marketing, strategic advising, and operational activities (collectively,
the Inflection Services ), in exchange for a 
 deposit, a 
 monthly retainer, 
 shares of restricted Common Stock due upon the execution of the agreement, and an incentive compensation of 
 shares of restricted Common Stock or warrants to purchase 
 shares of restricted Common Stock. On January 6, 2021, the Company entered into a new Consulting Agreement with Inflection Partners
which replaced the original Consulting Agreement, pursuant to which the Company engaged Inflection Partners to provide the Inflection Services , in exchange for a 
 deposit, a 
 monthly retainer, 
 shares of restricted Common Stock due upon the execution of the agreement, and an incentive compensation of an aggregate of 
 shares of restricted Common Stock On October 15, 2021, the Company paid and shares of restricted
Common Stock. The Consulting Agreement was terminated on October 31, 2021 and
no further compensation is due. During the year ended October 31, 2021, 
 shares of restricted Common Stock were issued to Inflection Partners as
compensation for services provided to the Company. The fair value of the shares of Common Stock issued was . 

Preferred Shares Converted 

The authorized preferred stock of the Company consists
of shares with a par value of 0.001 per share, of which shares were designated as Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Series A Preferred Stock was initially convertible into 100 shares
of Common Stock; however, On June 24, 2022, all shares of Series A Preferred
Stock were converted into shares of Common Stock by Kaival Holdings, LLC, a related party. The conversion of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock, at a conversion rate of , equaled shares of Common Stock. As a result, the authorized, preferred stock
of the Company consists of shares with a par value of 0.001 per share, with shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding
as of October 31, 2022. 

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards 

During the fiscal year October 31, 2022: 

During
the twelve months ended October 31, 2022, shares of Common Stock were issued to seven employees of the Company pursuant
to restricted stock unit RSU agreements, resulting in of share-based compensation. Of the shares issued
to employees, shares were withheld by the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations equal to . 

On
March 4, 2022, the Company s Board approved the termination of the RSU agreements with the consent of the employees. At the time
these agreements were terminated, there remained unvested RSUs with approximately of related unvested compensation. See Common
Stock Compensation Transition Plan below for additional details. 

During
the fiscal year October 31, 2021: 

During
the twelve months ended October 31, 2021, shares
of Common Stock were issued to eight employees of the Company pursuant to restricted stock unit RSU agreements,
resulting in of
share-based compensation. Of the shares issued to employees, shares
were withheld by the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations equal to as
of October 31, 2021. Additionally, one employee resigned her employment from the Company and forfeited RSUs Accordingly,
there remains unvested employee RSUs corresponding to of
unamortized stock expenses as of October 31, 2021. 

On
January 1, 2021, the Board of Directors approved the award of RSUs under the 2020 Stock and Incentive
Compensation Plan (the Incentive Plan and made a grant to one employee. The RSUs had a fair value of at
the time of grant. The RSUs were awarded pursuant to restricted stock unit agreements RSU Agreement ), which provide for
vesting over the course of three years, with a portion of the RSUs vesting every three months. The vesting schedules are set forth in
the applicable RSU Agreements. 

Stock Options 

Summary of stock options information is as follows: 

- 

Exercised 

Cancelled,
forfeited, or expired 

Outstanding, October
31, 2021 

- 

Granted 

- 

Exercised 

Cancelled,
forfeited, or expired 

() 

() 

- 

Outstanding, October
31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable,
October 31, 2022 

- 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021,
the Company recognized related
to outstanding stock options. On October 31, 2021, the Company had of
unrecognized expenses related to options. The weighted average remaining contractual life is approximately years for stock
options outstanding on October 31, 2022. The aggregate intrinsic value of these outstanding options as of October 31, 2021 was
 . 

During fiscal year
2021, years. 
 The Company fair valued the options on
the grant date at 3,088,002 using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price range
of 9.12 to 27.36 per share (based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant), volatility range
of 294.55 to 301.53 , expected term of 10 years, and a risk-free interest rate range of 1.19 
to 1.63 . The Company is amortizing the expense over the vesting terms of each. On June 24, 2022, 33,333 of the stock options
referenced above were canceled and a further 25,002 were cancelled. The unamortized expense when cancelled was 214,398. 

During the year ended
October 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock option expense of related to outstanding stock options. On October 31, 2022,
the Company had of unrecognized expenses related to options. The weighted average remaining contractual life is approximately
 years for stock options outstanding on October 31, 2022. As of October 31, 2022 and 2021, the intrinsic
value was and 0, respectively, to the outstanding stock options. 

On February 27, 2022, non-qualified stock options
exercisable for up to 
 shares of Common Stock were awarded to two consultants of the Company. These stock options have a ten-year term from the grant
date, with one-half of the shares vesting on the grant date and the remaining one-half of the shares vesting on the first anniversary
of the grant date. The fair value of the options on the grant dates was 
 using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price 
 per share (based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant), a computed volatility of ,
expected term of 
 years, and a risk-free interest rate of . 

On April 22, 2022, non-qualified stock options exercisable
for up to 
 shares of Common Stock were awarded to one consultant of the Company. These stock options have a ten-year term from the grant
date, with one-half of the shares vesting on June 30, 2022 and the remaining one-half of the shares vesting on October 31, 2022. The
fair value of the options on the grant date was 
106,499
using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price 
 per share (based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant), a computed
volatility of ,
expected term of 
 years, and a risk-free interest rate of . 

On May 18, 2022, non-qualified stock options
exercisable for up to shares
of Common Stock were awarded to one consultant of the Company. These stock options have a ten-year term from the grant date, with
the shares fully vesting on December 1, 2022. The fair value of the options on the grant date was using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price per
share (based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant), a computed volatility of ,
expected term of years,
and a risk-free interest rate of . 

On August 1, 2022, non-qualified stock options exercisable
for up to 
 shares of Common Stock were awarded to one employee of the Company. These stock options have a ten-year term from the grant date,
with the shares fully vesting on August 1, 2023. The fair value of the options on the grant date was 
 using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price 
 per share (based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant), a computed volatility of ,
expected term of 
 years, and a risk-free interest rate of . 

On August 24, 2022, non-qualified stock options
exercisable for up to 
shares of Common Stock were awarded to one consultant of the Company. These stock options have a ten-year term from the grant date,
with the shares fully vesting on grant date. The fair value of the options on the grant date was 
using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price 
per share (based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant), a computed volatility of ,
expected term of 
years, and a risk-free interest rate of . 

On
March 4, 2022, options exercisable for up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock were granted from this new stock option
program to the executive officers and employees, as a result of the transition. The fair values of the options on the grant dates,
as noted above, were approximately using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price
 per share (based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant), volatility of , expected term of years, and a risk-free
interest rate range of . The Company is amortizing the expense over the vesting terms of each option. Please reference the Common Stock Compensation
Transition Plan below. 

On June 24, 2022, non-qualified stock options exercisable
for up to shares of Common Stock were awarded to two officers and three board members of the Company. These stock options have
a ten-year term from the grant date, with fully vested on June 24, 2022, and vest over the next 2 years on June 23, 2023,
and June 23, 2024. The fair value of the options on the grant dates was using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the
following assumptions: stock price per share (based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant), a computed volatility of
 , expected term of years, and a risk-free interest rate of . 

Common Stock Compensation Transition Plan 

During the second quarter of fiscal year 2021 the
Board and executive management began cost reduction discussions, including the reduction of non-cash items such as equity compensation
awards. Those discussions stalled primarily due to the focus on other corporate events of significant value. 

In the first and second
fiscal quarters of 2022, the Board resumed discussions,
assessments, and evaluations regarding the equity compensation awarded to its officers and employees. The Board ultimately approved a
stock option program for equity awards granted to its officers and employees. The Compensation Committee finalized
the program in February 2022 and approved it in March 2022. While evaluating and designing this program, the Compensation Committee did
not utilize any aspects of value to the employees or other features. Therefore, the termination of the RSU program and the newly adopted
stock option program were developed completely independent of each other and terminated and implemented, respectively, distinctly and
simultaneously. Management concluded under ASC 718
these transactions are a cancelation and replacement whereby total compensation cost measured at the date of a cancellation and replacement
is the portion of the grant-date fair value of the original award for which the service is expected to be rendered at that date plus the
incremental cost resulting from the cancellation and replacement. Incremental cost is measured as the excess of the fair value of the
replacement award over the fair value of the cancelled award at the cancellation date in which there was none since the fair value of
the replacement award was less than the fair value of the canceled award. 

The outcomes of this decision and the transition on
March 4, 2022, resulting in: (i) the termination of the RSU program for all executive officers and employees, consisting of 
unvested RSUs and (ii) the implementation a new stock option program for executive officers and employees. The stock options granted pursuant
to the program will have ten-year terms from the grant date, with one-half of the shares vesting on the grant date and the remaining one-half
of the shares vesting on the first anniversary of the grant date. Please reference the Stock Options disclosure above. 

Warrants Shares 

Summary Warrant Shares information is as follows: 

Exercised 

Cancelled,
 forfeited, or expired 

Outstanding, October
 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled,
 forfeited, or expired 

Outstanding, October
 31, 2022 

Exercisable,
 October 31, 2022 

As part of the Company s underwritten
public offering in September 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 
per share. These warrants expire in 2026. Warrants for 879,828 shares of Common Stock were exercised during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 for proceeds
of . Warrants for 
shares of Common Stock were exercised during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, for proceeds of . 

The weighted average remaining contractual life is
approximately years for stock warrants outstanding as of October 31, 2022. As of October 31, 2022, there was intrinsic value of outstanding
stock warrants. The weighted average remaining contractual life is approximately years for stock warrants outstanding as of
October 31, 2021. As of October 31, 2021, there was no intrinsic value of outstanding stock warrants. 

from five companies owned by Nirajkumar Patel, the Chief Science Officer and Regulatory Officer and director of the Company, and/or
his wife. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, the
Company recognized revenue of 
 from seven companies owned by Nirajkumar Patel, the Chief Science and Regulatory Officer and director of the Company, and/or his
wife. 

Purchases and Accounts Payable 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022,
the Company purchased Products equal to from
Bidi, a related party company that is also owned by Nirajkumar Patel, the Company s Chief Science and Regulatory Officer and
director. As of October 31, 2022, the Company did not have an accounts payable balance to Bidi. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, the
Company purchased Products equal to from Bidi, a related party company that is also owned by Nirajkumar Patel,
the Company s Chief Science and Regulatory Officer and director, and after returns of , resulted in the net amount of
 in product purchases. As of October 31, 2021, the Company had accounts payable to Bidi of . 

During
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, Lakshmi Distributors Inc., doing business as C Store Master C Store Master ), a
large customer of the Company, elected to return the inventory associated with the consignment order placed on April 1, 2021, which was
located at the staging warehouse in California, to the Company at no cost. The Company then returned this same inventory to Bidi s
warehouse in Florida at no cost. This reduced the Company s inventory and reduced the related-party amount due to Bidi by . 

The
KBI License agreement provides that KBI shall pay Bidi license fees equivalent to 
of the adjusted earned royalty payments, after any offsets due to jointly agreed costs such development costs incurred for entry
to specific international markets. Consequently, the Company has determined that no license fees are owed to Bidi as of October 31, 2022. 

Office Space and Other Leases 

 On June 10, 2022, the Company entered into a Lease
Agreement (the 2022 Lease with Just Pick, LLC for approximately 21,332 rentable square feet combined in the office building
and warehouse located at 4460 Old Dixie Highway, Grant-Valkaria, Florida 32949 (the Premises ), together with all improvements
thereon. Just Pick, LLC is considered a related party to the Company because the Company s Chief Science Officer and director, Mr.
Nirajkumar Patel, owns and controls Just Pick, LLC. See also Note 4. We believe our office space is sufficient to meet our current needs. 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021,
the Company was part of a five-year lease agreement with Just Pick, LLC (a related party), which began on August 1, 2020. The Company
was not yet being charged for the leased space under the terms and conditions of the lease between the Company and Just Pick, LLC. Accordingly,
no payments were made on the lease during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. The lease ended in the current year upon signing the
previously mentioned lease with Just Pick, LLC on June 10, 2022. 

Concentration
of Purchases and Other Receivable - Related Party 

For
the year ended October 31, 2022, 100 of the inventories of Products, consisting solely of the BIDI Stick, were purchased
from Bidi, a related party company that is owned by Nirajkumar Patel, our Chief Science and Regulatory Officer and director, in the amount
of approximately , as compared to 
 for the year ended October 31, 2021. There was no related party accounts payable balance as of October 31, 2022. In fiscal year
2021, such inventories accounted for 100 of the total related party accounts payable. 

On April 29, 2022, the Company and Bidi agreed to
cancel the 
 inventory order paid in advance in fiscal year 2021 and this was a credit against the accounts payable due to Bidi. Inventory
quality control expenses were paid by the Company on behalf of Bidi during the year ended October 31, 2022, in
the amount of approximately 723,000, and were offset as a credit against the accounts payable balance-related party. A credit of 2,924,655
was applied on August 1, 2022, resulting in a related-party receivable balance due from Bidi of ,
 to be applied on future orders of Product. On October 31, 2022, the Company and Bidi agreed to
a return for short-coded or expiring inventory. An additional credit of 
 and 
 for recycling cost was applied
on October 31, 2022, to the related-party receivable balance due from Bidi. 

As of October 31, 2022,
the Company has a related-party receivable balance due from Bidi of , in which 
of the receivable is classified as current and is classified as non-current. The receivable balance will be realized though
Bidi applying 5 credits on all future orders of product purchased until the entire balance is extinguished. 

to , eliminated corporate Alternative Minimum
Tax, modified rules for expensing capital investment, and limited the deduction of interest expense for certain companies. The Company
fulfilled and shipped all the Products from Florida and, thus, it is subject to the state corporate income tax of Florida with a tax rate
of . There is no difference between the income tax computed at the combined federal and state statutory rate to the income tax effective
rate. 

Significant components of the tax expense (benefit)
recognized in the accompanying statements of operations for the years ended October 31, 2022, and October 31, 2021, are as follows: 

State 

Total
 Current Tax Expense 

Deferred
 Tax Expense: 

Federal 

State 

Total
 Deferred Tax Expense 

Estimated
 Tax Payments: 

Federal 

State 

Total
 Estimated Tax Payment 

Net
 Income Tax Liability/(Benefit) 

Total net deferred taxes are comprised of the following
on October 31, 2021, and October 31, 2022: 

Other 

Net
Operating Loss Carryforwards 

Total
Deferred Tax Asset 

Deferred
Tax Liabilities: 

Prepaid
Expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Right
of Use Asset 

() 

Total
Deferred Tax Liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Less:
Valuation Allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net
Deferred Tax Asset 

The Company has Federal NOL carryforwards of
approximately 12,295,530 and state NOL carryforwards of approximately 85,429.
With the changes instituted by the CARES Act, the Federal NOLs have an indefinite life and will not expire. The Company s federal
and state tax returns for the 2019 and 2020 tax years generally remain subject to examination by U.S. and various state authorities.
A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the deferred tax asset if, based on the weight of the evidence, it is more likely than not
that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative,
management has determined that a valuation allowance of 
 for the year ended on October 31, 2022, it is necessary to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that will more likely than
not be realized. 

During
the year ended October 31, 2021, the Company paid 
 in combined Federal/State income taxes for taxable
income generated in fiscal year 2020. As of October 31, 2021, the Company had a total income tax receivable in the amount of ,
which was the result of the NOL generated in fiscal year 2021 to be applied against taxable income in fiscal year 2020. As of October
31, 2022, the Company had a total income tax receivable in the amount of 
 of which 1,127,683 was received
on December 22, 2022. On January 17, 2023 the Company received a payment from the U.S. Treasury in the amount of approximately ,
which the eliminated the remaining receivable balance as of October 31, 2022. 

During the year ended October 31, 2022, the Company
generated a pre-tax loss of ), creating a federal tax current provision and a state tax benefit of ). 

shares
of Common Stock in exchange for consulting services. The shares underlying the stock options fully vested on December 1, 2021. The
exercise price per share was .
The Company recognized approximately in
expense to account for the stock options during the fiscal year ended October 31,2022. The Company recognized approximately
 in expense to account for the stock options during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. Russell Quick is the Chief
Executive Officer of QuikfillRx. 

On December 1, 2021, the Company and Russell Quick
agreed to renew his consulting agreement for one year, pursuant to which on May 18, 2022, the Company granted non-qualified stock options
exercisable for up to 
 shares of the Common Stock in exchange for on-going consulting services. The shares underlying the stock options fully vest on
December 1, 2022. They have a -year
expiration. The exercise price per share is .
The Company recognized approximately 434,000
in expense to account for the stock options in the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. The Company accrued approximately 
 for a quarterly bonus payable to QuikfillRx, based on the Applicable Gross Quarterly Sales results of the three months ended October
31, 2022. As of the date of these financial statements, Mr. Quick has not exercised any of his fully vested stock options. 

On February 4, 2022, the On April 24, 2022, the Company
 approved amending the Consulting Agreement for Oakhill Europe, in order to modify the previously granted
stock option award from an incentive compensation bonus value of paid in fully-vested non-qualified stock options,
upon the achievement of certain events to the following amended terms; Non-Qualified Stock Options exercisable for up to
 shares of common stock of the Client with an exercise price equal to the market closing price upon the
Effective Date of the Amendment, with a vesting schedule as follows: (a) shares of the common stock underlying the granted stock
options will vest upon the earlier of either: (i) June 30, 2022 or (ii) the occurrence of the achievement of certain events; and b. 
shares of common stock underlying the granted stock options will vest upon the earlier of either: (i) October 31, 2022 or (ii) the achievement
of certain events. The option shares are exercisable at a price of per share, which equaled
the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately prior to the grant date. The option has a ten-year term. The issuances
were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof as a transaction not involving
a public offering. 

On August
1, 2022, the Company approved the grant of a stock option award to an employee, to acquire up to shares of Common Stock under the
Company s Amended 2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan. The option shares vest on August 1, 2023 and are exercisable at a
price of per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately prior to the grant date. The
option has a ten-year term. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

On August 24, 2022, Company approved
amending the Consulting Agreement for Mark Thoenes, the Company s Interim Chief Financial Officer, in order to extend its term,
modify the vesting terms of the previously granted stock option award, and approved the grant of a stock option award to acquire up to
 shares of Common Stock under the Company s Amended 2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan. The option shares vest on
August 24, 2022 and are exercisable at a price of per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date
immediately prior to the grant date. The option has a ten-year term. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

On October 28, 2022, The Company
entered into a settlement agreement with a customer in the amount of . The full settlement released and discharged both parties
from future claims and damages, neither party has any further obligations to the other party arising out of or relating to the customer
agreement. 

Executive Compensation 

On May 28, 2020, the Board approved
cash bonus awards to each of Nirajkumar Patel, the Company s then Chief Executive Officer, and Eric Mosser, the Company s
Chief Operating Officer. With respect to the Chief Executive Officer, the Board approved a The Company s accumulated gross revenues will be evaluated
on a quarterly basis, beginning with the second quarter of fiscal year 2020. On October 31, 2020, the Company determined that the fair
value of the equity bonus shares, or 165,000, should be accrued as it was deemed likely that the 50 million revenue target would be
met. The Company issued these shares to the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Office on January 1, 2021. During the quarter
ended April 30, 2021, the 75 million and 100 million accumulated revenue targets were both achieved, and the Company determined that
the fair market value of the 13,750 shares, or approximately 70,785, and the cash bonuses totaling 100,000 were accrued at April
30, 2021. 

During the quarter ended April 30, 2022, the
 million accumulated revenue targets
were achieved, and the Company determined that cash bonuses totaling were accrued on April 30, 2022. 

On March 4, 2022, the Board terminated
all future cash and equity bonus awards for the Company s Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Operating Officer. 

On March 5, 2022, the Company granted a stock option
award to Nirajkumar Patel, then the Company s Chief Executive Officer, to acquire up to 600,000 shares of Common Stock under the
Company s 2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Patel s services as Chief Executive
Officer. The option shares are exercisable at a price of 2.85 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the
date immediately prior to the grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue
of Section 4(a)(2) thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

On March 5, 2022, the Company granted stock option
awards to Eric Mosser, Chief Operating Officer, to acquire up to 500,000 shares of Common Stock under the Company s 2020 Stock and
Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Mosser s services as Chief Operating Officer. The option shares are
exercisable at a price of 2.85 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately prior to the
grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof as
a transaction not involving a public offering. 

On June 24, 2022, the Company granted a stock option
award to Nirajkumar Patel, Chief Science and Regulatory Officer, to acquire up to shares of Common Stock under the Company s
2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Patel s services as Chief Science and Regulatory Officer.
The option shares are exercisable at a price of per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately
prior to the grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

On June 24, 2022, the Company granted stock option
awards to Eric Mosser, President and Chief Operating Officer, to acquire up to shares of Common Stock under the Company s
2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Mosser s services as President and Chief Operating Officer.
The option shares are exercisable at a price of per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately
prior to the grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

QuikfillRx Service Agreement 

On March 31, 2020, the Company entered into a service
agreement (the Service Agreement with QuikfillRx LLC, a Florida limited liability company QuikfillRx ), whereby
QuikfillRx provides the Company with certain services and support relating to sales management, website development and design, graphics,
content, public communication, social media, management and analytics, and market and other research (collectively, the Services ).
The Services are provided by QuikfillRx as requested from time to time by the Company. 

On June 2, 2020, the Company entered into the First
Amendment to the Service Agreement (the First Amendment with QuikfillRx. Effective as of March 16, 2021, the Company entered
into the Second Amendment to Service Agreement (the Second Amendment with QuikfillRx. Effective as of September 17, 2021,
the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Service Agreement (the Third Agreement with QuikfillRx. Effective as
of June 24, 2022, the Company entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Service Agreement (the Fourth Agreement and, collectively
with the First Amendment, Second Amendment, Third Amendment, and the Service Agreement, the Amended Service Agreement with
QuikfillRx. Pursuant to the terms of the Amended Service Agreement, the parties agreed to the following General Compensation 
payments: (i) for the Services provided in March 2020, the Company paid QuikfillRx an amount equal to 86,000; (ii) for the Services provided
in April 2020, the Company paid QuikfillRx an amount equal to 100,000; (iii) each calendar month commencing May 2020 through October
2020, the Company paid QuikfillRx an amount equal to 100,000 per month for the Services to be performed during such calendar
month; (iv) for each calendar month between November 1, 2020 and October 31, 2021, the Company paid QuikfillRx 125,000 per month for
the Services to be performed during such calendar month; (iv) for the period between November 1, 2021 and June 30, 2022, the Company paid
QuikfillRx 150,000 per month for the Services to be performed during such calendar month; (v) for the period between July 1, 2022 and
October 31, 2024, the Company will pay QuikfillRx 125,000 per month for the Services to be performed during such calendar month; and
(vi) parties acknowledged that as a result of extensions to the term of the Service Agreement , such term of the Original Agreement will
end on October 31, 2023. The parties have agreed to extend such term for an additional one year until October 31, 2024. In addition, the
Company will pay the following quarterly bonuses: 

An
 amount equal to 0.9 of the Applicable Gross Quarterly Sales (as defined in the Amended Service Agreement), which amount shall, at
 the Company s option be paid in (a) cash or (b) shares of the Company s common stock, or (c) a combination of cash and
 common stock. 

An
 amount equal to 0.27 of the Applicable Gross Quarterly Sales, which amount must be paid in cash. 

The Company accrued for a quarterly bonus
payable to QuikfillRx, based on the Applicable Gross Quarterly Sales results of the three months ended October 31, 2022. The Company accrued
 for a quarterly bonus payable to QuikfillRx, based on the Applicable Gross Quarterly Sales results for the three months ended
October 31, 2021. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15e and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our President Chief Operating Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer to
allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
of October 31, 2022, the end of the year covered by this Report, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation
of members of our management, including our President Chief Operating Officer and our Interim Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and the operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act. Our management
has concluded, based on their evaluation, that the disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the year covered
by this Report due to material weaknesses identified below. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control
over financial reporting is a process, including policies and procedures, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. Our management assessed our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013 Framework), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ).
A system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

32 

Based on our evaluation
under the framework in COSO, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective, taken as a whole,
as of October 31, 2022, based on such criteria. Material weaknesses existed in the design
or operation of certain of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affect our internal controls. A material weakness
is a significant deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that results in more than a
remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements may not be prevented or detected. Management
determined that there was a lack of resources to provide segregation of duties consistent with control objectives, the lack of sufficient
and consistent real time remote communications, and the lack of a fully developed formal review process that includes multiple levels
of review over financial disclosure and reporting processes. However, management has been in the process of implementing new controls
that should mitigate, if not fully eliminate certain identified risks in our control over financial reporting. 

The weaknesses and the related risks are not uncommon
in a company of our size because of the limitations in the location, size and number of our staff. To address these material weaknesses,
and subject to the receipt of additional financing or cash flows, we have undertaken certain remediation measures to date to address the
material weaknesses described in this Report, including implementing procedures pursuant to which we can ensure proper segregation of
duties and hire additional resources to ensure appropriate review and oversight, as well as more timely formal communications processes,
more diligent review and approval of all disbursements and more timely review of all banking transactions sales orders and inventory management. 

A control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met under all potential conditions,
regardless of how remote, and may not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within the Company have been detected. These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a
simple error or mistake. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Auditor s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was
not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management s report in this Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that have occurred during
the fourth quarter ended October 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

33 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance. 

Each of our directors holds office until the next
annual meeting of our stockholders or until his successor has been elected and qualified, or until his death, resignation, or removal.
Our executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors (our Board and hold office until their death, resignation,
or removal from office. 

Our current executive officers and directors and additional
information concerning them are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 Dates in Position or Office 

Nirajkumar Patel (1) 
 
 40 
 
 Chief Science Regulatory Officer, Treasurer, and Director 
 June 24, 2022 Current 

Eric Mosser (2) 
 
 44 
 
 President Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, and Director 
 June 24, 2022 - Current 

Mark Thoenes 
 
 69 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 June 30, 2021 - Current 

Paul Reuter (3) 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 March 17, 2021 - Current 

Roger Brooks (4) 
 
 78 
 
 Director 
 March 17, 2021 - Current 

George Chuang (5) 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 June 30, 2021 - Current 

(1) 
 Mr. Patel served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
from February 20, 2019, until June 24, 2022. 

(2) 
 Mr. Mosser serves on the Finance Committee. 

(3) 
 Mr. Reuter serves as Chair of the Board of Directors, the Chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee, and on the Audit, Compensation, and Finance Committees. 

(4) 
 Mr. Brooks serves as Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Governance and Nominating, Compensation, and Finance Committees. 

(5) 
 Mr. Chuang serves as Chair of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Finance, Audit, and the Governance and Nominating Committees. 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief account of the education
and business experience of our executive officers and directors during at least the past five years, indicating their principal occupation
during the period, the name and principal business of the organization by which they were employed, and certain of their other directorships: 

Nirajkumar
Patel, Chief Science Regulatory Officer, and Director 

Mr.
Nirajkumar Patel attended AISSMS College of Pharmacy in Pune, India and received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Pharmacy in 2004. After
moving to the United States in 2005, Mr. Patel became a United States citizen in 2008 and obtained a Master Degree in Chemistry from
the Florida Institute of Technology in 2009. Mr. Patel is a prominent local businessman in Brevard County, Florida. In 2017 and 2018,
Mr. Patel served as Vice President for the Board of the Indian Association of the Space Coast, located in Brevard County, Florida. Mr.
Patel founded, and has served as a Board member of, the Florida Independent Liquor Stores Owners Association since 2017. In 2013, Mr.
Patel launched Just Chill Products LLC, a highly successful developer/manufacturer of high-end CBD products and has served as its Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Science Officer since 2017. In 2017, Mr. Patel created Relax Lab Inc., a producer/manufacturer of a CBD relaxation
beverage, and currently serves as its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Science Officer. In 2017, Mr. Patel also created RLX Lab LLC,
a producer/manufacturer of a non-CBD relaxation beverage, and currently serves as its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Science Officer.
In 2017, Mr. Patel also founded KC Innovations Lab Inc., a CBD white-label manufacturing service and developer/producer of best-selling
white-label CBD products including cosmetics, edibles, beverages, topicals, and vape oils, and currently serves as its Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Science Officer. Additional companies that are owned by Nirajkumar Patel, the Chief
Science Regulatory Officer and director of the Company, and/or his wife include Beach Food Store created
in 2004, Diya Food Store created in 2010, Cloud Nine 2012 created in 2012, JC Products of USA, LLC created in 2013 and Just Pick,
LLC . We believe that Mr. Patel is qualified to serve on our Board because of his prior and current management
experience, as well as his business experience within our business industry. 

34 

Eric Mosser, President 
Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, and Director 

Mr. Eric
Mosser attended Arizona State University and studied Business Management and then graduated from Rio Salado College with an Associate
Degree in Applied Science in Computer Technology in 2004. With extensive previous corporate work history in Information Technology, Mr.
Mosser worked from 2012 to 2014 as Director of Information Technology at Timbercon Inc., a fiber-optic design company and ITAR manufacturing
facility in Oregon. In 2014, Mr. Mosser created Lasermycig LLC, a specialized custom laser-engraving service for electronic cigarettes
and vaporizers and served as its Chief Executive Officer until 2020. Upon meeting Mr. Nirajkumar Patel in 2015, Mr. Mosser immediately
founded Chillcorp Ltd., a full-service corporation dedicated solely to the complete internal and external operations of Just Chill Products
LLC, Relax Lab Inc., RLX Lab LLC, and KC Innovations Lab Inc., and served as its Chief Executive Officer until 2020. We believe that Mr.
Mosser is qualified to serve on our Board because of his current management and business experience. 

Mark Thoenes, Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Mark Thoenes, has more than 35 years of diverse
financial and operational leadership. He has been a licensed Certified Public Accountant since 1984 and began his career with Ernst 
Young Global Limited. From 2000 to 2010, Mr. Thoenes served as the Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer of Rentrak Corporation Rentrak ), a publicly traded company listed on Nasdaq and headquartered in Portland, Oregon. Founded in 1977, Rentrak went
public in 1986, and remained a public company until it was acquired by comScore, Inc. in 2016, after Mr. Thoenes left Rentrak. For the
past eleven years, Mr. Thoenes has been the President of MLT Consulting Services, LLC, a full-service business/financial consulting firm. 

Paul Reuter, Director 

Mr. Paul Reuter has nearly five decades of industry
experience in small box retail as a journalist, editorial director, entrepreneur, and speaker. From April 2013 through June 2019, he served
as the Chairman and Founding Partner of the Midwest Retail Group LLC, which was the largest 7-Eleven franchise group. Beginning in January
2018, Mr. Reuter founded and serves as a consultant for Kreative Collaborations, LLC, an industry consultancy. Prior to that, Mr. Reuter
purchased CSP Information Group Inc. CSP Information Group in 1992 and served as the Chief Executive Officer until July
2012, at which time CSP Information Group was sold to CSP Business Media, now Winsight LLC, based in Chicago, Illinois. Under his leadership,
CSP Information Group became the industry leader in market share and a well-respected industry journalism entity. Mr. Reuter also serves
as a director of Abierto Networks LLC Abierto Networks ), a digital communications and engagement solutions provider that
primarily focuses on the convenience and food service industries. Mr. Reuter graduated from St. John s University in 1968. Mr. Reuter s
previous experience in the convenience store industry provides invaluable knowledge to our Board, as well as his business experience gained
as a founder and Chief Executive Officer of numerous companies, qualifies him to serve as a director. 

35 

Roger Brooks, Director 

Mr. Roger Brooks
has served as the Chairman, Treasurer, and Co-founder of Abierto Networks, a digital media and engagement technology company focused on
the convenience store, retail, and other similar consumer market segments, since 2005. At Abierto Networks, Mr. Brooks has also served
on the Compensation Committee since 2005. Prior to his roles at Abierto Networks, from 1998 to 2008, Mr. Brooks was the lead independent
director and member of the compensation and audit committees for Moldflow Corporation, a Nasdaq-listed software company that was sold
to Autodesk, Inc. in 2008. From February 2016 to June 2019, Mr. Brooks served as an independent director of Lytron, Incorporated, a closely
held international industrial solutions company. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Brooks served as President, Chief Executive Officer, and member
of the board for Intelligent Controls, Inc., a publicly traded software and instrumentation company, which was sold to Franklin Electric
Co. Inc. Mr. Brooks was President, Chief Executive Officer, and a board member of Dynisco, Inc. from 1987 to 1996 where he grew the company
from 10 million of sales to an international company with over 100 million of sales. Mr. Brooks holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from
the University of Connecticut and a Master of Business Administration degree from New York University, Stern Graduate Business School.
He is also a graduate of the Stanford University Executive Management Program. Mr. Brooks extensive experience gained from his roles as
an executive officer and director of numerous public companies, as well as experience in the convenience store, retail, and other consumer
markets will be invaluable to the Board and qualifies him for service as a director. 

George Chuang,
Director 

Mr. George Chuang has served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Lucy Labs, Inc. since July 2017 and as the Chair of the Board of Directors of Lucy Labs, Inc. since November 2021. Prior to
that, he served as the co-managing principal of Hillside Advisors LLC from June 2015 to July 2017. Mr. Chuang was also the principal owner
of USB Media, Inc., a technology B2B company he founded in 2007. During his career, Mr. Chuang spent time at Chase Manhattan Bank as an
assistant Treasurer for their Credit Risk Department, as a management consultant at Price Waterhouse Management Consulting, and served
as the Chief Administrative Officer for several equity product sales groups at Lehman Brothers. In addition, Mr. Chuang spent eight years
as a Principal at Pacific Partnership Advisors LLC, a consulting firm with offices in New York and Beijing, which facilitated cross-border
transactions. Mr. Chuang graduated from the University of Chicago and obtained a Master of Business Administration degree at Yale University.
Mr. Chuang s experience in capital markets and global supply chain knowledge, as well as his business experience in start-up companies,
qualifies him for service as a director. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of our
directors or executive officers. 

Arrangements 

There are no arrangements or understandings between
an executive officer or director and any other person pursuant to which he was selected as an executive officer or director. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None of our executive officers and directors have
been involved in any legal or regulatory proceedings, as set forth in Item 401 of Regulation S-K, during the past ten years. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers,
directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a class of our equity securities that is registered pursuant to Section 12 of
the Exchange Act within specified time periods to file certain reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors,
and ten-percent stockholders are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on
a review of copies of the reports furnished to us and written representations from persons concerning the necessity to file these reports,
we believe that all reports required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal 2022 were filed with the
SEC on a timely basis. 

36 

Code of Ethics 

On March 17, 2021, our Board adopted a Code of Ethics
and Business Conduct, which applies to all directors, senior officers, and employees of the Company (the Code of Ethics ).
The Code of Ethics was adopted to enhance and clarify our personnel s understanding of our standards of ethical business practices,
promote awareness of ethical issues that may be encountered in carrying out an employee s or director s responsibilities,
and sets forth how to address ethical issues that may arise. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.kaivalbrands.com
or may be obtained free of charge by writing to Corporate Secretary, Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc., 4460 Old Dixie Highway, Grant,
Florida 32949. 

Audit Committee 

The
 purpose of the Audit Committee of the Board is to represent and assist the Board in its general
 oversight of our accounting and financial reporting processes, audits of the financial statements,
 and internal control and audit functions. Th e responsibilities
 of the Audit Committee are set forth in a written charter which is available on our website
 at https://ir.kaivalbrands.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. The Audit Committee
 currently consists of Roger Brooks, who serves as its Chairman, Paul Reuter, and George Chuang.
 Our Board has determined that Mr. Brooks, the Chairman of the Audit Committee, is an audit
 committee financial expert as defined under SEC rules. 

Compensation Committee 

The purpose of the Compensation Committee of the Board
is to discharge the responsibilities of the Board relating to compensation of our executives, to produce an annual report on executive
compensation for inclusion in our annual proxy statement, and to oversee and advise the Board on the adoption of policies that govern
our compensation programs, including stock and benefit plans. The responsibilities of the Compensation Committee are set forth in a written
charter which is available on our website at https://ir.kaivalbrands.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. The Compensation
Committee currently consists of George Chuang, who serves as its Chairman, Paul Reuter, and Roger Brooks. 

37 

Governance and Nominating Committee 

The purpose of the Governance and Nominating Committee
of the Board is to determine the slate of director nominees for election to our Board, to identify and recommend candidates to fill vacancies
occurring between annual stockholder meetings, to review our policies and programs that relate to matters of corporate responsibility,
including public issues of significance to our company and its stockholders, and any other related matters required by the federal securities
laws. The responsibilities of the Governance and Nominating Committee are set forth in a written charter which is available on our website
at https://ir.kaivalbrands.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. The Governance and Nominating Committee currently consists
of Paul Reuter, who serves as its Chairman, Roger Brooks, and George Chuang. We have not adopted any material changes to the procedures
by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded
to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers, which is defined herein as (i) all individuals serving or having served as our
principal executive officer or officers during the year ended October 31, 2022, (ii) each of our two other most highly compensated executive
officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the year ended October 31, 2022, and (iii) any individuals for whom disclosure
would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer as of the fiscal year ended October
31, 2022. 

Name
 and principal position 
 Fiscal
 Year Ended October 31, 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) (1) (2) 
 Option
 Awards ) (1) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) (3) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Nirajkumar
 Patel, Chief Science Regulatory Officer, and Director 
 2021 
 171,000 
 60,000 
 157,102 
 0 
 40,156 
 0 
 428,258 

2022 
 244,000 
 30,000 
 42,584 
 2,139,989 
 57,709 
 0 
 2,514,282 
 
 Eric
 Mosser, President COO, Secretary, and Director 
 2021 
 138,000 
 40,000 
 150,652 
 0 
 135,147 
 0 
 463,799 

2022 
 226,577 
 20,000 
 37,707 
 1,854,991 
 57,709 
 0 
 2,196,984 
 
 Mark
 Thoenes, Interim CFO 
 2021 
 80,340 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 80,340 

2022 
 347,201
 (4) 
 0 
 0 
 310,998 
 0 
 0 
 658,189 

(1) 
 Reflects the fair value of stock awards during the years in accordance with FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, using actual forfeitures that were immaterial. For valuation assumptions, refer to Note 2, Share-based Compensation , to the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 Includes fair value of shares withheld by us to pay for taxes. 

(3) 
 Consisted of cash paid in lieu of vested RSUs. 

(4) 
 Consulting fees pursuant to the Consulting Agreement (as defined below). See Narrative Discussion for additional information. 

Narrative Discussion 

The following is a narrative discussion of the material
information that we believe is necessary to understand disclosed in the foregoing Summary Compensation Table. The following narrative
disclosure is separated into sections, with a separate section for each of our named executive officers. 

On January 21, 2021, our Board approved an increase
in annual base salaries equal to 180,000 for our then Chief Executive Officer (Nirajkumar Patel) and 144,000 for our then Chief Operating
Officer (Eric Mosser). On June 24, 2022, following the realignment of the persons holding officer titles, our Board approved an increase
in annual base salaries equal to 300,000 for our President Chief Operating Officer (Eric Mosser) and 276,000 for our Chief Science
and Regulatory Officer (Nirajkumar Patel). The annual base salaries will be reviewed by our Board on an annual basis. 

38 

On March 5, 2022, the Company granted a stock option
award to Nirajkumar Patel, our then Chief Executive Officer, to acquire up to 600,000 shares of Common Stock under the Company s
2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Patel s services as Chief Executive Officer. The option
shares are exercisable at a price of 2.85 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately prior
to the grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof
as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

On March 5, 2022, the Company granted stock option
awards to Eric Mosser, Chief Operating Officer, to acquire up to 500,000 shares of Common Stock under the Company s 2020 Stock and
Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Mosser s services as Chief Operating Officer. The option shares are
exercisable at a price of 2.85 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately prior to the
grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof as
a transaction not involving a public offering. 

 On June 24, 2022, the Company granted a stock option
award to Nirajkumar Patel, Chief Science and Regulatory Officer, to acquire up to 250,000 shares of Common Stock under the Company s
2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Patel s services as Chief Science and Regulatory Officer.
The option shares are exercisable at a price of 1.72 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately
prior to the grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

On June 24, 2022, the Company granted stock option
awards to Eric Mosser, President and Chief Operating Officer, to acquire up to 250,000 shares of Common Stock under the Company s
2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Mosser s services as President and Chief Operating Officer.
The option shares are exercisable at a price of 1.72 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately
prior to the grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

39 

Nirajkumar Patel 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, we
paid a base salary of approximately 244,000 to Nirajkumar Patel, our then Chief Executive Officer (now Chief Science Regulatory
Officer), compared to a base salary of approximately 171,000 for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. In May 2020, our Board approved
a cash bonus award to Mr. Patel equal to 30,000 for every 25 million in gross revenues generated by us. On the same date, our Board
also approved an equity bonus award to Mr. Patel of 75,000 restricted shares of our common stock for every 50 million in accumulated gross
revenues generated by us. Based on the cash bonus award, we paid Mr. Patel a cash bonus of 60,000 in fiscal year 2021 and 30,000 in
fiscal year 2022 based on our meeting the gross revenue benchmarks in each respective fiscal year. 

We issued the following stock-based compensation to
Mr. Patel during fiscal years 2022 and 2021: 

Vesting
and/or Issuance Date 
 
 Number
of Shares of our Common Stock 
 
 Price
Per Share 
 
 Aggregate
Value 
 
 11/5/2020 

10,833 

3.79 (1) 

41,082 

12/31/2020 

7,500 

5.16 (2) 

38,702 

2/5/2021 

12,444 

16.08 (1) 

196,881 

5/5/2021 

12,608 

14.52 (1) 

183,073 

8/5/2021 

12,608 

6.26 (1) 

78,926 

11/5/2021 

15,760 

1.80 

28,368 

2/5/2022 

14,656 

0.97 

14,216 

(1) 
 Shares issued are pursuant to a restricted
 stock unit award granted in fiscal 2020, with vesting to occur over a period of three years. The price per share is based
 on the average of the close price reported for the three trading days prior to the vesting and issuance date. 

(2) 
 Shares issued are as a result of the
 Company achieving 50 million in accumulated gross revenues. The price per share is based on the close price reported on the
 issuance date. 

During fiscal year 
 2021, we also paid approximately 40,156 in non-equity incentive
plan compensation, which consisted of cash paid in lieu of a vested RSU issuance. During fiscal year 2022,
we paid approximately 57,709 in non-equity incentive plan compensation, which consisted of cash paid in lieu of a vested RSU issuance.
The aggregate values are based on the value of the vesting date for the shares that would have been issued. 

Eric Mosser 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, we
paid a base salary of approximately 226,577 to Eric Mosser, our President Chief Operating Officer, compared to 138,000 for the
fiscal year ended October 31, 2021. In May 2020, our Board approved a cash bonus award to Mr. Mosser equal to 20,000 for every 25 million
in gross revenues generated by us. On the same date, our Board also approved an equity bonus award to Mr. Mosser of 6,250 restricted shares
of our common stock for every 50 million in accumulated gross revenues generated by us. Based on the cash bonus award, we paid Mr. Mosser
a cash bonus of 40,000 in fiscal year 2021 and 20,000 in fiscal year 2022 based on our gross revenue benchmarks in each respective fiscal
year. 

We issued the following stock-based compensation to
Mr. Mosser during fiscal years 2022 and 2021: 

Vesting
and/or Issuance Date 
 
 Number
of Shares of our Common Stock 
 
 Price
Per Share 
 
 Aggregate
Value 
 
 11/5/2020 

2,083 

3.79 

7,900 

12/31/2020 

6,250 

5.16 

32,251 

2/5/2021 

10,879 

16.08 

174,934 

5/5/2021 

8,333 

14.52 

121,000 

11/5/2021 

14,072 

1.80 

25,330 

2/5/2022 

12,760 

0.97 

12,377 

40 

(1) 
 Shares issued are pursuant to a restricted
 stock unit award granted in fiscal 2020, with vesting to occur over a period of three years. The price per share is based
 on the average of the close price reported for the three trading days prior to the vesting and issuance date. 

(2) 
 Shares issued are as a result of the
 Company achieving 50 million in accumulated gross revenues. The price per share is based on the close price reported on the
 issuance date. 

During fiscal year 2021
we also paid approximately 135,147 in non-equity incentive plan compensation, which consisted of cash paid in lieu of a vested RSU issuance.
During fiscal year 2022 we paid approximately 57,709 in non-equity incentive plan compensation, which consisted of cash paid in lieu
of a vested RSU issuance. The aggregate value is based on the value on the vesting date for the shares that would have been issued. 

Mark Thoenes 

Effective June 30, 2021, we entered into a Consulting
Agreement, dated June 14, 2021, with Mr. Thoenes (the Consulting Agreement ), Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, we agreed
to pay Mr. Thoenes a rate of 130 per hour and will reimburse him for usual and customary business expenses. We paid approximately 80,340
and 347,671 to Mr. Thoenes pursuant to the Consulting Agreement during the fiscal years 2021 and 2022 respectively. In the fiscal year
2022 Mr. Thoenes was granted 150,000 non-qualified stock options of the Company s common stock, pursuant to the Consulting Agreement.
The total fair market value of these stock options on October 31, 2022, was 310,998. The Consulting Agreement is for a term of approximately
6 months, or until December 31, 2021, and may be extended by the parties. The parties then further extended the term to June 30, 2023,
Mr. Thoenes is assisting us as Interim Chief Financial Officer until such time as we have identified an individual to serve as a full-time
Chief Financial Officer. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

Stock
Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 
 Number
of Stock Options that Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Market
Value of Stock Options that Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Nirajkumar
Patel 

550,000 

1,285,000 

Eric Mosser 

500,000 

1,142,500 

On March 5, 2022, the Company granted a stock option award to Nirajkumar
Patel, at the time our Chief Executive Officer, to acquire up to 600,000 shares of Common Stock under the Company s 2020 Stock and
Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Patel s services as Chief Executive Officer. The option shares are
exercisable at a price of 2.85 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately prior to the
grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof as
a transaction not involving a public offering. 
 On March 5, 2022, the Company granted stock option awards to Eric Mosser,
Chief Operating Officer, to acquire up to 500,000 shares of Common Stock under the Company s 2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation
Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Mosser s services as Chief Operating Officer. The option shares are exercisable at a price
of 2.85 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately prior to the grant date. The issuances
were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof as a transaction not involving
a public offering. 

 On June 24, 2022, the Company granted a stock option
award to Nirajkumar Patel, Chief Science and Regulatory Officer, to acquire up to 250,000 shares of Common Stock under the Company s
2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Patel s services as Chief Science and Regulatory Officer.
The option shares are exercisable at a price of 1.72 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately
prior to the grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

On June 24, 2022, the Company granted stock option
awards to Eric Mosser, President and Chief Operating Officer, to acquire up to 250,000 shares of Common Stock under the Company s
2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, as partial compensation for Mr. Mosser s services as President and Chief Operating Officer.
The option shares are exercisable at a price of 1.72 per share, which equaled the closing price of the Common Stock as of the date immediately
prior to the grant date. The issuances were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2)
thereof as a transaction not involving a public offering. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-of-Control 

Other than the RSUs mentioned above in Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End , none of our named executive officers are entitled to any payments upon termination or change-of-control. 

Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans 

There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide
retirement or similar benefits for our named executive officers. 

41 

Employment Agreements 

We do not have formal written employment agreements
with Mr. Patel or Mr. Mosser. We are party to the Consulting Agreement between us and Mr. Thoenes. 

Director Compensation 

In
fiscal year 2022, we compensated our independent directors. 

(a) Name of Director (1) 
 
 (b) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 
 (d) Option Awards 
 
 (h) Total 
 
 Paul Reuter 

100,000 

214,999 

314,999 

Roger Brooks 

100,000 

214,999 

314,999 

George Chuang 

100,000 

214,999 

314,999 

(1) 
 Mr. Patel and Mr.
 Mosser are each named executive officers and, accordingly, their compensation is included in the Summary Compensation
 Table above. Neither Mr. Patel nor Mr. Mosser received any compensation for their service as a director for the fiscal
 year ended October 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth information with respect to compensation
plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of the end of fiscal year 2022: 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted average exercise and grant price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

0 

0 

0 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

42,916 

17.98 

6,713,749 

Plans Not Approved by Stockholders 

On May 28, 2020, our Board adopted the Incentive Plan.
The following is a summary of the principal features of the Incentive Plan. The summary of the Incentive Plan does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Incentive Plan. 

Background . The purpose of the Incentive Plan
is to enhance stockholder value by linking the compensation of our employees, officers, directors, and consultants to increases in the
price of our common stock and the achievement of other performance objectives and to encourage ownership in the Company by key personnel
whose long-term employment is considered essential to our continued progress and success. The Incentive Plan is also intended to assist
us in recruiting new employees and to motivate, retain, and encourage such employees and directors to act in stockholders interest
and share in our success. The various types of incentive awards that may be provided under the Incentive Plan are intended to enable us
to respond to changes in compensation practices, tax laws, accounting regulations, and the size and diversity of its business. We will
not offer incentive stock options under the Incentive Plan. All our employees, officers, directors, and consultants will be eligible to
be granted awards under the Incentive Plan. 

42 

The Incentive Plan will be administered by our Board.
All awards made under the Incentive Plan will be subject to the recommendations and approvals of our Board. 

Stock Subject to the Incentive Plan . Subject
to the terms of the Incentive Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares of our common stock that may be subject to or delivered under
awards granted pursuant to the Incentive Plan is 100,000,000 shares. Shares subject to awards that have been canceled, expired, settled
in cash, or not issued or forfeited for any reason (in whole or in part) will not reduce the aggregate number of shares that may be subject
to or delivered under awards granted under the Incentive Plan and be available for future awards granted under the Incentive Plan. 

Eligibility . We may grant awards under the
Incentive Plan to employees, officers, directors, and consultants. 

Types of Awards . The Incentive Plan provides
for options not qualifying as incentive stock options, as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, stock appreciation rights, shares of restricted stock, and other stock-based awards. 

Award Limitation . Non-employee directors may
not be granted awards in excess of the 200,000 shares of our common stock in any calendar year. 

Term and Amendments . Unless terminated by our
Board, the Incentive Plan will continue to remain effective until no further awards may be granted, and all awards granted under the Incentive
Plan are no longer outstanding. Our Board may at any time, and from time to time, amend the Incentive Plan; provided that no amendment
will be made that would impair the rights of a holder under any agreement entered into pursuant to the Incentive Plan without the holder s
consent. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management 

Common Stock 

The
 following table sets forth, as of January 27, 2023, the number of shares of common stock
 owned of record and beneficially by (i) each of our current directors, (ii) each of our named
 executive officers, (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv) each
 stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common
 stock. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with the rules and regulations
 of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to shares. Unless otherwise
 indicated, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect
 to the number of shares indicated as beneficial owned by them. 

Name
and Address (1) 
 
 Amount
and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (Common Stock) (2) 
 
 Percentage
of Class (2) 

Nirajkumar
Patel (3) 

42,735,801 

76.08 

Eric
Mosser (4) 

42,579,164 

75.81 

Mark
Thoenes (5) 

151,667 

Paul
Reuter (6) 

141,666 

Roger
Brooks (7) 

141,666 

George
Chuang (8) 

141,666 

Current
Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (6 Persons) 

43,891,630 

78.14 

Kaival
Holdings, LLC (9) 401 N. Wickham Road, Suite 130 Melbourne, FL 32935 

42,000,000 

74.77 

Less than 1.0 

43 

(1) The address for each person listed above is 4460
Old Dixie Highway, Grant-Valkaria, Florida 32949, unless otherwise indicated. 

(2) Applicable percentage of ownership is based on
56,169,090 shares of common stock outstanding as of January.27, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules
of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable
within 60 days of January 27, 2023, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing
the percentage of ownership of such person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any person. 

(3)
Nirajkumar Patel serves as our Chief Science Regulatory Officer, and director. Consists of 42,000,000 shares of our common stock
held by KH, an entity over which Mr. Patel has shared dispositive and voting authority, and approximately 600,000 shares of our common
stock issuable upon the exercise of vested options. 

(4) Eric Mosser serves as our President Chief
Operating Officer, Secretary, and director. Consists of 42,000,000 shares of our common stock held by KH, an entity over which Mr. Mosser
has shared dispositive and voting authority, and approximately 500,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of vested
options. 

(5)
Consists of approximately 150,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of vested options. 

(6)
Consists of approximately 141,666 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of vested options. 

(7) Consists of approximately 141,666 shares of our
common stock issuable upon the exercise of vested options. 

(8)
Consists of approximately 141,666 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of vested options. 

(9)
Nirajkumar Patel and Eric Mosser are the sole voting members of KH. 

Preferred Stock 

The authorized preferred stock of the Company consists
of 5,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.001 per share, of which 3,000,000 shares were designated as Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Series A Preferred Stock was initially convertible into 100 shares
of Common Stock; however, as a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the conversion rate was adjusted such that each share of the Series
A Preferred Stock is convertible into approximately 8.33 shares of Common Stock. On June 24, 2022, all 3,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock were converted into shares of Common Stock by Kaival Holdings, LLC, a related party. The conversion of 3,000,000 shares of Series
A Preferred Stock, at a conversion rate of 8.33, equaled 25,000,000 shares of Common Stock. As a result, the authorized, preferred stock
of the Company consists of 5,000,000 shares with a par value of 0.001 per share, with 0 shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding
as of October 31, 2022. 

44 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

Revenue 

During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, the
Company recognized revenue of 68,139 from five companies owned by Nirajkumar Patel, the Chief Science Regulatory Officer of the
Company, and/or his wife. 

Purchases and Accounts Payable 

For the year ended October 31, 2022, 100 of the inventories
of the products, consisting solely of the BIDI Stick, were purchased from Bidi Vapor, LLC Bidi ), a related party
company that is owned by Nirajkumar Patel, our Chief Science and Regulatory Officer, in the amount of approximately 1.5 million. There
was no related party accounts payable balance as of October 31, 2022. 

Review, Approval, and Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

We follow ASC 850, Related Party Disclosures ,
for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. When and if we contemplate entering into a transaction
in which any executive officer, director, nominee, or any family member of the foregoing would have a direct or indirect interest, regardless
of the amount involved, the terms of such transaction are presented to our board of directors (other than any interested director, if
possible) for approval, and documented in the board minutes. 

45 

Director Independence 

As of October 31, 2022, our Board was composed of
five persons Nirajkumar Patel, Eric Mosser, Paul Reuter, Roger Brooks, and George Chuang. In accordance with the rules of the
SEC and Rule 5605 of The Nasdaq Stock Market Listing Rules, our Board affirmatively determines the independence of each director. Based
on these standards, the Board has determined that as of the end of fiscal 2022, each of the following non-employee directors was independent
and has no relationship with us except as one of our directors and stockholders: Paul Reuter, Roger Brooks, and George Chuang. 

All the members of the Audit, Governance and Nominating,
and Compensation Committees are also independent. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Below is the aggregate amount of fees billed for professional
services rendered by MaloneBailey, LLP, our principal accountants with respect to our fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, and October
31, 2021. 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Audit and review fees 

195,000 

252,500 

Audit-related fees 

10,000 

3,820 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

55,000 

Total 

205,000 

311,320 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

All audit fees are approved by the Audit Committee
of our Board. The Audit Committee reviews, and in its sole discretion, pre-approves, our independent auditors annual engagement
letter, including proposed fess and all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. Accordingly, all services described
under Audit Fees, Audit-related Fees, All Other Fees, and Tax Fees, as applicable,
were pre-approved by our Audit Committee. The Audit Committee may not engage independent auditors to perform the non-audit services prohibited
by law or regulations. 

46 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

a) Financial Statements 

1. Our financial statements are listed in
the index under Item 8 of this document; and 

2. All financial statement schedules are
omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which was filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws, which were filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Ownership and Merger, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 20, 2019, which was filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Correction, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 15, 2019, which was filed as Exhibit 3.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2019 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc., effective July 20, 2021, which was filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 20, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities. 

4.2 
 
 Form of senior indenture, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on October 4, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2021, by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Vstock Transfer, LLC, as warrant agent, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on October 4, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.1 
 
 Exclusive Distribution Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Bidi Vapor LLC, dated March 9, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 9, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.2 
 
 Service Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and QuikfillRx LLC, dated March 31, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.3 
 
 First Amendment to Service Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and QuikfillRx LLC, dated June 2, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

47 

10.4 
 
 Non-Exclusive Sub-Distribution Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Favs Business, LLC, dated April 3, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. (1) 

10.5 
 
 Non-Exclusive Sub-Distribution Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Colonial Wholesale Distributing Inc., dated April 11, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 13, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. (1) 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Exclusive Distribution Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Bidi Vapor LLC, dated May 21, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. (1) 

10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Non-Exclusive Sub-Distribution Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Favs Business, LLC, dated May 21, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. (1) 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Non-Exclusive Sub-Distribution Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Colonial Wholesale Distributing Inc., dated May 25, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.7 to our Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. (1) 

10.9 
 
 Share Cancellation and Exchange Agreement, by and between the Company and Kaival Holdings, LLC, dated August 19, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 21, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.10 
 
 2020 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, which was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.11 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Nirajkumar Patel, which was filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.12 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Eric Mosser, which was filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Nirajkumar Patel, which was filed as Exhibit 10.5 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.14 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Eric Mosser, which was filed as Exhibit 10.6 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.15 
 
 Lease Agreement by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc., and Just Pick, LLC, dated July 15, 2020, which was filed as Exhibit 10.14 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 14, 2020, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.16 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Exclusive Distribution Agreement, by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Bidi Vapor, LLC, dated April 2021, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. (1) 

10.17 
 
 Consulting Agreement, by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Russell Quick, dated March 16, 2021, which was filed as Exhibit 10.18 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.18 
 
 Second Amendment to Service Agreement, by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and QuikfillRx LLC, effective as of March 16, 2021, which was filed as Exhibit 10.19 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.19 
 
 Independent Director Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, by and between the Company and George Chuang, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.20 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated June 14, 2021, by and between the Company and Mark Thoenes, which was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1, 2021, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

48 

10.21 
 
 Amended
and Restated Independent Director Agreement, dated March 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Roger Brooks, which was filed as Exhibit
10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2021, and is incorporated herein
by reference thereto. 

10.22 
 
 Amended
and Restated Independent Direct Agreement, dated March 29, 2021, by and between the Company and Paul Reuter, which was filed as Exhibit
10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2021, and is incorporated herein
by reference thereto. 

10.23 
 
 Amendment
to Amended and Restated Independent Director Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Roger Brooks, which was filed
as Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2021, and is incorporated
herein by reference thereto. 

10.24 
 
 Amendment
to Amended and Restated Independent Director Agreement, dated July 19, 2021, by and between the Company and Paul Reuter, which was filed
as Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2021, and is incorporated
herein by reference thereto. 

10.25 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Exclusive Distribution Agreement, by and between Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and Bidi Vapor, LLC, dated June 10, 2022, which was filed as Exhibit 10.23 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. (1) + 

10.26 
 
 Lease Agreement by and between the Company and Just Pick, LLC, dated June 10, 2022, which was filed as Exhibit 10.24 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.27 
 
 License Agreement by and between the Company and Bidi Vapor, LLC, dated June 10, 2022, which was filed as Exhibit 10.25 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. (1) 

10.28 
 
 Deed of Licensing Agreement by and between Kaival Brands International, LLC and Philip Morris Products S.A., dated as of June 13, 2022, which was filed as Exhibit 10.26 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. (1) + 

10.29 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Service Agreement, dated November 9, 2022 between the Company and QuikfillRx, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. + 

10.30 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, between the Company and QuikfillRx, which was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

10.31 
 
 Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, between the Company and QuikfillRx, which was filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

21.1 
 
 List
of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification
of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification
of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

32.2 
 
 Certification
of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

 +
 + Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted pursuant
to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10).as the Company has determined they are both not material and are of the type that the Company
treats as private or confide ntial. 

(1) 
 Schedules and Exhibits omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any Schedule or Exhibit so furnished. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
Eric Mosser 

Eric Mosser 

President and Chief Operating Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: January 30, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Eric Mosser 

Eric Mosser 

President and Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: January 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Mark Thoenes 

Mark Thoenes 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: January 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Nirajkumar Patel 

Nirajkumar Patel 

Chief Science and Regulatory Officer and Director 

Dated: January 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Roger Brooks 

Roger Brooks 

Director 

Dated: January 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ George Chuang 

George Chuang 

Director 

Dated: January 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Paul Reuter 

Paul Reuter 

Director 

Dated: January 30, 2023 

50 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 e4364_ex4-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

The following is a summary of all material
characteristics of the capital stock of Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation Kaival Brands, 
the Company, we, us, or our ), as set forth in our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws (the Bylaws ),
and as registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The summary
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws,
each of which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part and
to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL ). We encourage you to review complete copies of
our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the DGCL for additional information. 

General 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,005,000,000
shares, divided into 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), and 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share Preferred Stock ). Under our Certificate of Incorporation,
our board of directors (our Board has the authority to issue such shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock in
one or more classes or series, with such voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other
special rights, if any, and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, as shall be provided for in a resolution
or resolutions adopted by our Board and filed as designations. 

Common Stock 

As of January 16, 2023, 56,169,090 shares of
our Common Stock were outstanding. 

Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to
one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors,
and are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by our Board out of funds legally available therefore for distribution
to stockholders and to share ratably in the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders in the event of the liquidation
or dissolution, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the Company. We have not paid any dividends and do not anticipate paying any
dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. It is our present policy to retain earnings, if any, for use in the development
of our business. Our Common Stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors and have no preemptive,
subscription, or conversion rights. Our Common Stock is not subject to redemption by us. 

The transfer agent and registrar for our Common
Stock is VStock Transfer, LLC 

1 

Preferred Stock 

Of the 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock
authorized, none are presently outstanding. 

Our Preferred Stock remains available for designation
by our Board. Accordingly, our Board is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue Preferred Stock with dividend, liquidation,
conversion, voting or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of Common Stock.
The issuance of Preferred Stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on the Common Stock, diluting the voting power of
the Common Stock, impairing the liquidation rights of the Common Stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control of us, all
without further action by our stockholders. 

Certain Provisions of our Certificate of
Incorporation, our Bylaws, and the DGCL 

Certain provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws, as well as certain provisions of the DGCL, may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter, or prevent
a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests, including attempts that might
result in a premium being paid over the market price of the shares held by stockholders. These provisions contained in our Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws include the items described below. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our Board, the President, Chief Executive Officer, or the Secretary. 

No Cumulative Voting. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not include a provision for cumulative voting for directors. Under cumulative voting, a minority stockholder holding a sufficient percentage of a class of shares could be able to ensure the election of one or more directors. 

Undesignated Preferred Stock. Because our Board has the power to establish the preferences and rights of the shares of any additional series of Preferred Stock, it may afford holders of any Preferred Stock preferences, powers, and rights, including voting and dividend rights, senior to the rights of holders of our Common Stock, which could adversely affect the holders of Common Stock and could discourage a takeover of us even if a change of control of the Company would be beneficial to the interests of our stockholders. 

Our Officers Beneficially Own a Majority of Our Capital Stock. Our executive officers and sole directors beneficially own more than a majority of our Common Stock and own all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Accordingly, they are able to control all matters related to the Company. 

These and other provisions contained in our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These
provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board. However,
these provisions could delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control of us, including transactions
in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current prices. Such provisions could also limit
the ability of stockholders to remove current management or approve transactions that stockholders may deem to be in their best
interests. 

In addition, we are subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL. Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business
combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person became an interested
stockholder, unless: 

2 

The board of directors of the corporation approved the business combination or other transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder prior to the date of the business combination or other transaction; 

Upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder, the person owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers of the corporation and shares issued under which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or subsequent to the date the person became an interested stockholder, the board of directors of the corporation approved the business combination and the stockholders of the corporation authorized the business combination at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3 of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

A business combination includes
mergers, asset sales, and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain
exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within the
prior three years did own, 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. 

Section 203 of the DGCL could depress our stock
price and delay, discourage, or prohibit transactions not approved in advance by our Board, such as takeover attempts that might
otherwise involve the payment to our stockholders of a premium over the market price of our Common Stock. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 e4364_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries 

Name 
 Jurisdiction
 of Formation 
 
 Kaival Labs,
 Inc 
 Delaware 
 
 Kaival Brands
 International, LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 e4364_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by
reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-258339) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-265897) of our report dated January
27, 2023 with respect to the audited consolidated financial statements of Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively,
the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended October 31, 2022. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 Houston, Texas 

 January 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 e4364_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Eric Mosser, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, which involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: January
30 , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Mosser 

Eric Mosser 

President and Chief Operating Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 e4364_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Mark Thoenes, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 30 , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Thoenes 

Mark Thoenes 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 e4364_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of
Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section
1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Kaival Brands Innovations
Group, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K
of the Company for the Annual period ended October 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 30 , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Eric Mosser 

Eric Mosser 

President and Chief Operating Officer 

The certifications set
forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be
deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to
Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and will be retained by Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 e4364_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of
Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section
1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Kaival Brands Innovations
Group, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K
of the Company for the Annual period ended October 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 30 , 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Mark Thoenes 

Mark Thoenes 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

The certifications set
forth above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be
deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they
be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to
Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and will be retained by Kaival Brands Innovations Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 kavl-20221031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 kavl-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 kavl-20221031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 kavl-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

