<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_811641_0001213900-23-024080.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7370929</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>281493</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1329416</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2200728</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1723323</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1652662</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024080.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329160554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024080
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IMMUCELL CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000811641
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		IRS NUMBER:				010382980
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12934
		FILM NUMBER:		23775234

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 EVERGREEN DR
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			ME
		ZIP:			04103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2078782770

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		56 EVERGREEN DRIVE
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			ME
		ZIP:			04103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024080.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_immucellcorp.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

(Commission
file number) 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company or an emerging growth company. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated
filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that require a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates at June 30, 2022 was approximately 
based on the closing sales price on June 30, 2022 of 8.69 per share. 

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 10, 2023 was . 

Documents
incorporated by reference: Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

December
31, 2022 

PART I 

ITEM 1 
 Business 
 1 

ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 11 

ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 

ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 19 

ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 

ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 

ITEM 6 
 [Reserved] 
 21 

ITEM 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 

ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 33 

ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 

ITEM 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 

ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 

ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 34 

ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 34 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 

ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 35 

ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 

ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 

ITEM 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 35 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 

ITEM 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 37 

Audited Financial Statements 
 F-1 to F-24 

Signatures 
 38 

i 

ImmuCell Corporation 

PART
I 

ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements (Safe Harbor Statement): 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical
or current facts, and will often include words such as expects , may , anticipates , aims ,
 intends , would , could , should , will , plans , believes ,
 estimates , targets , projects , forecasts , seeks and similar words
and expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any forward-looking statements relating to: our plans and strategies
for our business; projections of future financial or operational performance; the timing and outcome of pending or anticipated applications
for regulatory approvals; future demand for our products; the extent, nature and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its consequences,
and their direct and indirect impacts on our production activities, operating results and financial condition and on the customers and
markets that we serve; the impact of Russia s military invasion of Ukraine and attack on its people on the world economy including
inflation and the price and availability of grain and oil; the impact of the global supply-chain disruptions on our ability to obtain,
in a timely and cost-effective fashion, all the supplies and components we need to produce our products; the impact of inflation and
rising interest rates on our operating expenses and financial results; the scope and timing of ongoing and future product development
work and commercialization of our products; future costs of product development efforts; the estimated prevalence rate of subclinical
mastitis and producers level of interest in treating subclinical mastitis given the current economic and market conditions; the
expected efficacy of new products; estimates about the market size for our products; future market share of and revenue generated by
current products and products still in development; our ability to increase production output and reduce costs of goods sold per unit;
the adequacy of our own manufacturing facilities or those of third parties with which we have contractual relationships to meet demand
for our products on a timely basis; the impacts of backlogs on customer relationships; the efficacy or timeline to complete our contamination
remediation efforts; the likelihood, severity or impact of future contamination events; the anticipated costs of (or time to complete)
planned expansions of our manufacturing facilities and the adequacy of our funds available for these projects; the robustness of our
manufacturing processes and related technical issues; estimates about our production capacity, efficiency and yield; future regulatory
requirements relating to our products; future expense ratios and margins; the efficacy of our investments in our business; future compliance
with bank debt covenants; anticipated changes in our manufacturing capabilities and efficiencies; our effectiveness in competing against
competitors within both our existing and our anticipated product markets; projections about depreciation expense and its impact on income
for book and tax return purposes; and any other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are intended to provide management s
current expectation of future events as of the date of this earnings release, are based on management s estimates, projections,
beliefs and assumptions as of the date hereof; and are not guarantees of future performance. Such statements involve known and unknown
risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company s actual results, financial or operational performance or achievements to be
materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, those risks
and uncertainties relating to: difficulties or delays in development, testing, regulatory approval, production and marketing of our products
(including the First Defense product line and Re-Tain ), competition within our anticipated
product markets, customer acceptance of our new and existing products, product performance, alignment between our manufacturing resources
and product demand (including the consequences of backlogs), uncertainty associated with the timing and volume of customer orders as
we come out of a prolonged backlog, adverse impacts of supply chain disruptions on our operations and customer and supplier relationships,
commercial and operational risks relating to our current and planned expansion of production capacity, and other risks and uncertainties
detailed from time to time in filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties and are based
on our current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including the risk factors summarized under
 PART I: ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and uncertainties otherwise referred to in this Annual
Report. In addition, there can be no assurance that future risks, uncertainties or developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate.
We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether
as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

Summary 

ImmuCell
Corporation was founded in 1982 and completed an initial public offering of common stock in 1987. After achieving approval from the Center
for Veterinary Biologics, U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to sell First Defense in 1991, we focused most
of our efforts during the 1990 s attempting to develop human product applications of the underlying milk protein purification technology.
Beginning in 1999, we re-focused our business strategy on the First Defense product line and other products that
improve the health and productivity of dairy and beef cattle. We support the dairy and beef industries purpose to produce nutritious
proteins efficiently while ensuring food quality and safety. Our products help address the growing human health concern about using less
antibiotics in food-producing animals. We aim to capitalize on the growth in sales of the First Defense product
line (a product that provides significant Immediate Immunity to newborn dairy and beef livestock) and to revolutionize
the mastitis treatment paradigm with Re-Tain , a novel product we are developing to treat this most significant
cause of economic loss to the dairy industry. 

1 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

During
2000, we began the development of Re-Tain , our purified Nisin treatment for subclinical mastitis in lactating
dairy cows. No sales of this product can be made without prior approval of our New Animal Drug Application (NADA) by the Center for Veterinary
Medicine, U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). We have achieved FDA approval for four out of five of the significant Technical Sections
required for product approval, and we are preparing to make a third submission of the fifth Technical Section. Regulatory achievements
to date have significantly reduced the product development risks in the areas of safety and effectiveness. Our primary product development
focus has now turned to completion of the manufacturing objectives required for FDA approval. 

Since
2006, we have made ongoing efforts to maintain compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) regulations in all of our manufacturing
operations, which requires a sustained investment that further enhances the quality of all of our products and our operating efficiency.
As we make process improvements, we continue to invest in personnel, equipment and facility modifications to increase the efficiency
and quality of our operations. 

From
the first quarter of 2016 through the second quarter of 2021, we issued an aggregate of 4,553,017 shares of common stock, raising gross
proceeds of approximately 26.7 million in six separate transactions. In order to minimize the dilutive effects of these transactions
on our existing stockholders, we chose not to issue any form of convertible or preferred securities and issued these common shares without
any warrants. Net of debt issuance costs, we had approximately 10.2 million in outstanding debt under five different credit facilities
as of December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 9.1 million as of December 31, 2021. This new equity and debt capital has been, and
is being, used to increase the production capacity for the First Defense product line and complete the development
of Re-Tain without relying on funding from a partner or licensee, thereby keeping control over all product rights
and future revenues. 

During
the past seven years, we have funded our operations, constructed an FDA regulated Drug Substance manufacturing facility for Re-Tain 
 and invested capital to increase our production capacity for the First Defense product line. We have also
initiated another capital investment to bring the formulation and aseptic filling capabilities for Re-Tain in
house in order to end our present reliance on an outside contractor. The following table displays the changes in the balances of certain
accounts over this period (in thousands, except for percentages): 

As of December 31, 
 (Decrease) Increase Over Seven-Year 
 (Decrease) Increase Over 
Seven-Year 

2022 
 2015 
 Period 
 Period 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments 
 5,792 
 6,524 
 (733 
 (11 
 
 Net working capital 
 10,923 
 7,056 
 3,867 
 55 
 
 Total assets 
 44,861 
 14,601 
 30,260 
 207 
 
 Stockholders equity 
 30,380 
 10,614 
 19,766 
 186 
 
 Market capitalization 
 47,256 
 23,035 
 24,221 
 105 
 
 Common shares outstanding (1) 
 7,747 
 3,055 
 4,692 
 154 

(1) Additionally,
there were approximately 605,000 and 238,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under stock options that were outstanding as
of December 31, 2022 and 2015, respectively. 

Production
Capacity Increase and Product Contamination 

During
2018, it became clear that demand for Tri-Shield First Defense was outpacing production. In response to this increasing
demand, we began a series of investments during 2019 to increase our production capacity for the First Defense 
product line to approximately 30 million per year. The necessary facility expansions and new equipment needed to increase production
capacity were in place by the end of 2022. See PART I: ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS , Liquidity and Capital Resources , for more detail about our production capacity. 

2 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Unfortunately,
as this increased production capacity was coming online, a product contamination event was detected by standard in-process quality control
testing around the end of the third quarter of 2022. Contamination events during 2022 (largely this one around the end of the third quarter)
resulted in a total charge to costs of goods sold of approximately 588,000. We took immediate steps to address the contamination, and
production ran without issue during the balance of the fourth quarter of 2022. Then during the first quarter of 2023 our standard in-process
quality control testing detected a second contamination event. The related charge to costs of goods sold during the first quarter of
2023 is expected to be up to approximately 200,000, of which approximately 114,000 worth of product remains under evaluation. In response,
we have slowed down our production output as we take the necessary steps to assess and remediate the issues and perform a deep sanitization
of our facilities and process equipment to ensure that any product that is put to market meets all quality standards. We believe that
the ongoing implementation of our capacity expansion plans and the corrective actions being taken in response to these contamination
events should allow us to operate at the higher level of production output going forward without further significant contaminations.
We are working diligently to address the situation and believe we are taking the appropriate steps to emerge from this problem stronger
with the production capacity in place to produce approximately 30 million of product per year going forward. 

This
production slowdown during the first quarter of 2023, has, in part, caused an increase in the amount of our order backlog from approximately
 2.5 million as of December 31, 2022 to approximately 8 million as of March 10, 2023. However, we do not believe this backlog number
is highly relevant anymore as it includes very old orders, redundancy in demand and orders that may be cancelled. We expect to report
reduced sales during the first quarter of 2023 and a large backlog as of March 31, 2023. We are on track to produce approximately 3.2
million to 3.4 million of product during the first quarter of 2023, which is approximately 56 less than our 7.5 million quarterly
production target. While this is less than we need, our remediation efforts are beginning to work as we cautiously come back into production.
Due to the loss in earned gross margin that is being incurred during the first quarter of 2023, we have made the decision to defer, for
the time being, completion of the incremental planned investment to increase our production capacity further to approximately 40 million
per year. 

The
increase in sales demand for First Defense is both exciting and challenging for us. One view is that we are operating
with short supply caused largely by contamination events on the First Defense side, while not yet achieving FDA
approval of Re-Tain . However, the other view is that we are approaching both approximately 30 million in annual
production capacity for First Defense (with a flex option to get to approximately 40 million per year in the
future) while also advancing to the final stages of a very significant FDA product development initiative. 

Animal
Health Products 

The
 First Defense product line is manufactured from hyperimmunized cows colostrum (the antibody rich milk that
a cow produces immediately after giving birth) utilizing our proprietary vaccine and milk protein purification technologies. The First
Defense product line provides bovine antibodies that newborn calves need but are unable to produce on their own immediately
after birth. The target disease, calf scours (bovine enteritis), causes diarrhea and dehydration in newborn calves and often leads to
serious sickness and even death. The First Defense product line is the only USDA-licensed, orally delivered
scours preventive product on the market for calves with claims against E. coli , coronavirus and rotavirus (three leading causes
of scours). A single dose of our product provides a measured level of protection proven to reduce mortality and morbidity. Our pre-formed
antibody products provide Immediate Immunity during the first few critical weeks of life when calves need this protection
most. Studies have shown calves that scour are more susceptible to other diseases later in life and under-perform calves that do not
contract scours. The direct, two-part mode-of-action of the First Defense product line delivers specific immunoglobulins
at the gut level to immediately protect against disease, while also providing additional antibodies that are absorbed into the bloodstream.
These circulating antibodies function like a natural timed-release mechanism, as they are re-secreted into the gut later to provide extended
protection. The First Defense product line is convenient to use. A calf needs to receive only one dose of First
Defense within the first twelve hours after birth. Our capsule format of this product, which requires no mixing,
is stored at room temperature. The gel tube formats of this product require refrigeration in accordance with product label indications.
We are the market leader (in terms of both unit volume and dollar sales) when compared to other calf-level scours preventatives and have
greater market potential as we gain market share from the dam-level (pre-calving scour vaccines) competitors. The third quarter of 2021
marked the 30 th anniversary of the original USDA approval of this product in 1991. During the third quarter of 2022, our cumulative
sales of First Defense since inception exceeded 30 million doses. 

3 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

The
 First Defense product line continues to benefit from wide acceptance by dairy and beef producers as an effective
tool to prevent scours (diarrhea) in newborn calves, which is the leading cause of death in preweaned calves. Our Beyond Vaccination 
 marketing campaign focuses on providing antibodies without vaccination. A 100 vaccine protection rate is biologically impossible.
The First Defense product line removes the variability associated with a scour vaccine response and instead provides
a measured level of pre-formed antibodies, protecting each calf with an equal level of scours protection. There is a strong link between
how we sell our product and the challenges we face in producing it. We know better than most how variable a cow s response is to
any vaccine. We see this in every batch of First Defense that we produce. The value in First Defense 
 is that we adjust for this variability by standardizing the antibody content, as needed, so the newborn is given a steady,
equal level of protection with each dose. This technology removes a producer s reliance on variable vaccine responses to generate
passive antibody protection and instead protects every calf equally with a measured dose of Immediate Immunity against
the most common scour pathogens. Plus, an effectively treated calf is much less likely to require expensive antibiotic treatments and
build antibiotic resistance. We are the only manufacturer within the scour prevention space offering polyclonal multi-pathogen antibodies.
The market is learning that the best preventative for scours may not be a vaccine, and we are continuing to educate the market about
the health benefits of a measured dose of pre-formed antibodies. 

The
product line extension, Tri-Shield First Defense , is the first calf-level, passive antibody product on the
market with USDA-approved disease claims providing Immediate Immunity against each of the three leading causes of calf
scours E. coli , coronavirus and rotavirus). This product achieved USDA approval during the fourth quarter of 2017 and was
listed with the Organic Materials Research Institute (OMRI) during the first quarter of 2019, which means it can be used on organic
farms. Tri-Shield combines the E. coli and coronavirus antibodies contained in our bivalent product
with rotavirus antibodies in a single-dose gel tube delivery format. This unique breadth of claims further differentiates our
product from calf-level competitive products on the market that contain only one or two of these label claims. The unique virus-like
particle (VLP) technology that is used in our production process increases rotavirus titers in colostrum to a level much greater
than traditional vaccine technology can. Because it is possible that some farms may not have (or perceive to have) a rotavirus
problem, we are continuing to sell the bivalent formats of the First Defense product line as options for
customers. 

Historically,
the most common tool to help combat scours has been to vaccinate the mother cow (dam) with a scours vaccine and deliver the antibodies
that she produces in her milk to the newborn. It is generally believed that only 80 of animals respond to a vaccine, which could leave
about 20 of calves unprotected. We believe that the variability in a cow s immune response to vaccines creates a sales opportunity
for our product. Additionally, our research suggests that treatment protocols for dam-level scours vaccine programs are not always followed,
leaving even more calves compromised. We are competing effectively against these dam-level vaccine products. Our marketing campaign,
 Beyond Vaccination , emphasizes that by delivering Immediate Immunity directly to the calf via the
 First Defense product line, producers can reduce stress-causing injections to the cow. Reliance on a dam-level
scours vaccine requires that money be spent before it is known whether the cow is carrying a viable, valued calf. With the First Defense 
 product line, that investment can be targeted to the calves that are most critical to the operation. This, in turn, can free
up space in the cow s vaccination schedule to improve her immune response to vaccines that are critical to her health. 

Preventing
newborn calves from becoming sick helps them to reach their genetic potential and reduces the need to use treatment antibiotics later
in life. We believe that the long-term growth in sales of the First Defense product line may reflect, at least
in part, the success of our strategic decision to invest in additional sales and marketing efforts to help us introduce the expanding
 First Defense product line to new customers. Our communications campaign continues to emphasize how the unique
ability of the First Defense product line to provide Immediate Immunity generates a dependable and
competitive return on investment for dairy and beef producers. 

First
Defense Technology is a unique whey protein concentrate that is processed utilizing our proprietary colostrum (first
milk) protein purification methods, for the nutritional and feed supplement markets without the claims of our USDA-licensed product.
During 2012, we initiated a limited launch of a gel tube delivery format of our First Defense Technology in a
gel solution. We achieved USDA claims for this product format during the fourth quarter of 2018 and Canadian approval during the first
quarter of 2019, and it is now being sold as Dual-Force First Defense . We are selling the same concentrated whey
proteins in a bulk powder format (no capsule), which is delivered with a scoop and mixed with colostrum for feeding to calves. We are
working to achieve USDA claims for this product format. During 2011, Milk Products, LLC of Chilton, Wisconsin launched commercial sales
of their product, Ultra Start 150 Plus and certain similar private label products, which are colostrum replacers with
 First Defense Technology Inside . 

4 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

During
2001, we began to offer our own, internally developed California Mastitis Test (CMT) . CMT is most often used as a quick
on-farm diagnostic to determine which quarter of the udder is mastitic. This test can be performed at cow-side for early detection of
mastitis. CMT products are also made by other manufacturers and are readily available to the dairy producer. In connection with
our acquisition of certain gel formulation technologies during the first quarter of 2016, we acquired private label manufacturing rights
covering a feed supplement product sold by Genex Cooperative, Inc. of Shawano, Wisconsin. This product was discontinued by mutual agreement
during the first quarter of 2022. Annual sales of this private label product were less than 170,000 during each of the years ended December
31, 2021 and 2020. 

Sales
and Markets 

Our sales and marketing team consists of one vice
president, one commercial research and technical services veterinarian, one commercial leader of stakeholder engagement, one director
of marketing and customer service and eight regional sales managers. The First Defense product line and CMT
 are sold primarily through major animal health distributors who, in turn, sell to veterinary clinics, fleet stores and direct to farms.
Sales of the First Defense product line are normally seasonal, with higher sales expected during the first quarter,
largely driven by the beef calving season, which runs primarily from January to April, unlike the dairy industry in which operations generally
calve year round. Warm and dry weather reduces the producer s perception of the need for a disease preventative product like the
 First Defense product line. However, heat stress on calves caused by extremely hot summer weather can increase
the incidence of scours, just as harsher winter weather benefits our sales. Other competition for resources that dairy producers allocate
to their calf enterprises has been increased by the many new products (principally feed supplements) that have been introduced to the
calf market. Despite the market volatility affecting both milk prices and feed costs, we expect to continue to increase our sales over
the long term (despite a drop in 2022). 

We
estimate that the total U.S. market for scours preventative products (including sales of our product) that are given to newborn calves
(the calf-level market) is approximately 27.9 million per year. With the additional claim for our new product Tri-Shield First Defense against rotavirus, we are now also competing against the dam-level vaccine products that are given to the mother cow to increase the
antibody level against specific scours-causing pathogens in the colostrum that she produces for her newborn. We estimate that the dam-level
product category covers approximately twice as many calves as the calf-level product segment reaches. We estimate that the total domestic
addressable market (both calf and dam levels) is approximately 74.5 million per year. 

Based
on market share information that we purchase from the leading source of this data for the animal health sector, we are gaining market
share in the United States year after year. We aim to continue these market share gains in both the dairy and beef segments. Our share
of the market (calculated on the basis of calves treated) of the scour preventative products administered at the calf-level was approximately: 

2018 
 
 2019 
 
 2020 
 
 2021 
 
 2022 
 
 34 
 
 36 
 
 41 
 
 43 
 
 44 

Our
share of the market (calculated on the basis of calves treated) of both products administered at the calf-level and vaccines administered
to the dam prior to calving (adjusting for two doses of dam-level scour vaccines required for primary vaccination of first-calf heifers)
was approximately: 

2018 
 
 2019 
 
 2020 
 
 2021 
 
 2022 
 
 10.3 
 
 11 
 
 12.6 
 
 13.2 
 
 14.4 

We
continue our efforts to grow sales of the First Defense product line in North America, where there are approximately
40 million dairy and beef cows in the United States and approximately 4.5 million dairy and beef cows in Canada. We believe that significant
market opportunities exist in other international territories. The majority of our international sales are to Canada. We price our products
in U.S. dollars. To the extent that the value of the dollar declines with respect to any other currency, our competitive position may
be enhanced. Conversely, an increase in the value of the dollar in any country in which we sell products may have the effect of increasing
the local price of our products, thereby leading to a potential reduction in demand. Generally, our international sales have been generated
through relationships with in-country distributors that have knowledge of the local regulatory and marketing requirements. We are initiating
our plan to expand the number of countries to which our First Defense product line is approved for export. Generally,
it is our intent to be the holder of these product registrations for each country rather than rely on distribution partners to gain and
hold these registrations. This is a long regulatory process but allows us to maximize the use of our product label claims. Industry practices,
economic conditions, cause of disease, distribution channels and regulatory requirements may differ in these international markets from
what we experience in North America, potentially making it more difficult or costly for us to generate and sustain sales volumes at profitable
margins in these markets. 

5 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

We
introduced First Defense into South Korea in 2005 through Medexx Co., Ltd of Gyeonggi-do, Korea and its equivalent
into Japan in 2007 through NYS Co., Ltd of Iwate, Japan. We are working with Medexx to expand our business in South Korea to include
the registration of Tri-Shield First Defense . The business in Japan is currently not active, but we are working
to resume sales in this territory. We entered into distribution contracts covering certain Middle Eastern countries with Triplest for
Drugs and Trade of Madaba, Jordan during the first quarter of 2017 (no sales have yet been achieved under this contract) and covering
Iran with Senikco, LLC of Laguna Niguel, California during the fourth quarter of 2016 (sales have been initiated under this contract).
We are investigating the requirements to sell the First Defense product line in Mexico, Pakistan and Israel. 

With
 Re-Tain , we are working to expand our product portfolio to include an intramammary infusion for the treatment
of subclinical mastitis in lactating dairy cows. Mastitis is inflammation of the mammary gland typically associated with a bacterial
infection. It is estimated to cost the U.S. dairy industry approximately 2 billion in economic harm per year. It is the most costly
and common disease affecting the dairy industry. This illness is categorized as either clinical mastitis or subclinical mastitis. Clinical
mastitis infections cause visibly abnormal milk which cannot be sold. On the other hand, subclinical mastitis infections do not
cause any visible changes in milk or udder appearance, making it difficult to detect. Most mastitis cases treated today are those that
reach the clinical stage even though it is understood that clinical cases are only the tip of the mastitis iceberg. Milk from cows with
subclinical mastitis can still be sold if not treated with traditional antibiotics. Milk from cows treated with traditional antibiotics
must be discarded for the duration of the treatment and for 1.5 to 4 days after the last treatment, depending on the antibiotic that
was used. The cost of that milk discard along with the stress and risk in moving the cow to the hospital pen is thought to be the primary
reasons more subclinical mastitis cases are not treated today. However, the cascade of negative events triggered by subclinical mastitis
for both the dairy producer and the milk processor are significant. These include lower milk production (some have estimated approximately
1,500 pounds of lost milk, or about 270 at 18.00 per hundredweight per infected cow per lactation), higher rates of clinical mastitis,
lower conception rates, increased abortions, increased cull rates, reduced or foregone milk quality premiums, shorter shelf life for
fluid milk, and both lower yields and less flavor for cheese. Cows with subclinical mastitis maintain a reservoir of infection within
the herd and increase exposure of healthy cows to contagious pathogens. Subclinical mastitis also increases the risk of various quality
defects on a variety of final dairy products. 

The
active ingredient in Re-Tain is pharmaceutical-grade Nisin-A. FDA approval for this drug would establish an entirely
new class of anti-infective that is different from those currently available to treat mastitis. This new class, called bacteriocins,
are anti-microbial polypeptides with no resistance risk for human health. Bacteriocins selectively target Gram+ bacteria, the same bacteria
that commonly cause mastitis. We expect Re-Tain will be the first FDA-approved intramammary treatment for subclinical
mastitis without a milk discard or meat withhold. This gives us the opportunity to revolutionize the way mastitis is treated, since Re-Tain 
 is specifically designed to treat ahead of clinical signs without a milk discard and, as a result, cows can reach their peak milk
production and not be sent to the hospital pen. 

Re-Tain 
 likely will be priced at a premium to the traditional antibiotic products currently on the market, which are all sold subject to
a milk discard requirement. We estimate that the approximate cost to the U.S. dairy industry of this discarded milk may be around 300
million per year. These high milk discard costs associated with traditional antibiotic treatments lead producers to only treat mastitis
after clinical signs develop. The Re-Tain label will be for subclinical mastitis (not clinical). Without a milk
discard cost, we expect producers to be more motivated to identify and treat cows at the subclinical stage. We believe that the product s
value proposition demonstrates a return on investment to the dairy producer and the milk processor that will justify a premium over other
mastitis treatments on the market today. 

It
is difficult to accurately estimate the potential size of the subclinical mastitis market because presently this disease is largely left
untreated. We believe that approximately 20 to 40 of the U.S. dairy herd is infected with subclinical mastitis at any given time. This
compares to approximately 2 of the U.S. herd that is thought to be infected with clinical mastitis, where approximately 60 million
per year is spent on drug treatments. Rarely is an industry revolutionized overnight. Getting producers to change protocols to make subclinical
mastitis treatment a standard and routine procedure is going to take initiative, but we believe producers are eager for something new
and better since the FDA has not approved an intramammary treatment within the last 20 years. Similar market opportunities are likely
to exist outside the United States. We believe the use of Re-Tain could be expanded, with additional data and
regulatory approval, to support treatment late in lactation and possibly for clinical stage mastitis. We also believe there may be a
market for Re-Tain in small ruminants, where the majority of mastitis cases are caused by strep-like organisms
aligned with our effectiveness data. 

6 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Based
on consultations with industry experts and key opinion leaders, we have opted to carefully control the launch of this novel product over
the first 18 to 24 months after FDA approval, as we seek to transform the way that mastitis is treated in the dairy industry over the
long term. Our goal is to help early adopters select treatment candidates, develop easy to use protocols, optimize treatment results
and realize a positive return on their investment. We intend to limit initial distribution of Re-Tain to a level
that enables our sales team to select the optimal dairy farms at which to introduce Re-Tain and to limit the initial
numbers of participating farms so that the desired levels of support and guidance relating to effective usage of Re-Tain 
 can be provided with our available resources. Our overarching objective is to minimize the risk of early stage unsatisfactory
outcomes that could harm the longer term prospects and market acceptance of Re-Tain . This strategy also reduces
the amount of inventory that we would need to build at risk before regulatory approval is achieved, and it reduces the amount of cash
we would need to spend to purchase inventory from our contract manufacturer before our in-house aseptic filling services are approved
by the FDA. This strategic choice means that we have elected not to pursue an alternative strategy that might have maximized short-term,
initial sales quickly through a mass market approach where we provide product to distribution and let them sell it to as many farms as
possible. While we are dedicated to increasing our sales revenue, we must consider the damage a mass market strategy could cause to the
long-term value of the product. We have seen products sold by much larger companies that were substantially damaged by such failed market
launch strategies. We continue to develop detailed launch plans, focusing on the readiness of dairy operators to successfully introduce
 Re-Tain to their herds. We believe that these prudent steps, while potentially leading to lower initial Re-Tain 
 revenues, may create a smooth and successful launch and could safeguard the longer term performance of our investment in Re-Tain . 

Because
Nisin is a naturally occurring bacteriocin that is not used in human medicines, it could alleviate some of the social and public health
concerns that the widespread use of antibiotics encourages the growth of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. For example, there is a fear
that the possible overuse of antibiotics in livestock undermines the effectiveness of these drugs to combat human illnesses and contributes
to a rising number of life-threatening human infections from antibiotic-resistant bacteria, commonly known as superbugs .
The FDA has expressed a commitment to addressing this public health risk. Citing concerns about untreatable, life-threatening infections
in humans, new FDA and European regulations are aimed at restricting the use of antibiotics (including cephalosporins) in food animals
and at improving milk quality. By reducing the risk of antibiotic residues and slowing the development of antibiotic-resistant organisms,
we believe that we can improve food quality and preserve medically important antibiotics for human disease treatment. This current environment
is favorable to the introduction of our new product as an alternative to traditional antibiotics such as penicillin and cephalosporins.
We believe that this changing environment of new regulations and public opinion supports the value of our ongoing development and commercialization
efforts for Re-Tain . Additionally, we believe that the use of our First Defense product
line is consistent with this trend of reducing the use of antibiotics because the prevention of calf scours early in life with our purified
colostrum antibodies can reduce the need to use treatment antibiotics later in a calf s life. 

In
the big picture, we are introducing an entirely new class of antimicrobials as an animal drug, a bacteriocin, that does not promote resistance
against antibiotics used in human medicine, making it more socially responsible. As the great NHL hockey player, Wayne Gretzky, is known
to have said, I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been. This is motivational to us. We believe our
product fits very well with where the industry is going to be in the coming years. Sustainability objectives of the industry require
that less antibiotics be used in food producing animals, yet a new product to treat mastitis has not been developed in years (other than
new formulations of the same old stuff). The over-use of antibiotics that are medically important to human healthcare is a growing concern
of our society and an active issue with the FDA, largely because of the growing evidence that this over-use contributes to antibiotic
resistance. The industry could keep treating this very significant disease with traditional antibiotics, but it takes innovation to bring
a bacteriocin like Nisin to market. Re-Tain will, when introduced, offer a needed alternative to these traditional
antibiotics. We believe that societal animal welfare objectives will put more and more pressure on the industry to treat cows with subclinical
infections. 

We
expect the Drug Substance production facility that we constructed for approximately 20.8 million to have initial annual production capacity
sufficient to meet at least 10 million in sales of Re-Tain at current production yields. This production capacity
estimate does not yet reflect any inventory build strategies or ongoing yield improvement initiatives. Expansion of the estimated annual
capacity of the Drug Substance facility beyond approximately 10 million (without factoring in potential yield improvements) would require
relocation of the Drug Product formulation and aseptic filling module to another facility, or the acquisition and equipping of other
Drug Substance production facilities or adopting alternative manufacturing strategies. 

In
an effort to provide greater visibility into the launch of Re-Tain , we have expanded Note 17, Segment Information ,
to the accompanying audited financial statements to now display a break-out of our financial results among the following three components
of our business: i) Scours, ii) Mastitis and iii) Other. This will allow investors to see our progress with both product lines. We generally
do not provide financial projections, as we know such projections can prove to be materially inaccurate. However, in this case, we are
providing a high-level projection for Re-Tain that under our controlled launch plan strategy, we estimate that
we can achieve sales of approximately 1 million in 2024 and then achieve approximately twice that in 2025. This assumes FDA approval
is achieved and that product launch is initiated around the end of 2023. If we are successful with this launch strategy, we would aim
to grow this curve in 2026 and after. We believe this strategy lends itself to a more gradual adoption curve but higher and more sustainable
sales over the long-term. Actual sales results will vary from these projections up or down. 

7 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Through
continued growth in sales of the First Defense product line, and as additional resources are dedicated to production,
sales, marketing and technical services, it is our objective to exceed our total product sales of approximately 19 million achieved
during the year ended December 31, 2022 as soon as possible. Our longer-term goal is to exceed 35 million of annual total product sales
as soon as possible during the five-year period after the market launch of Re-Tain . 

Product
Development 

Most
of our product development spending has been focused on the development of Re-Tain , our purified Nisin treatment
for subclinical mastitis in lactating cows. During the 23-year period that began on January 1, 2000 and ended on December 31, 2022, we
invested an aggregate of approximately 25.2 million (excluding depreciation and the capital cost of our Drug Substance production facility)
in the development of this product. This estimation reflects only direct expenditures and includes no allocation of product development
or administrative overhead expenses. Approximately 2.9 million of this investment was offset by related product licensing revenues and
grant income, most of which was earned from 2001 to 2007. 

During
2000, we acquired an exclusive license from Nutrition 21, Inc. (formerly Applied Microbiology Inc. or AMBI) to develop and market Nisin-based
products for animal health applications, which allowed us to initiate the development of Re-Tain . In 2004, we
paid Nutrition 21 approximately 965,000 to buy out this royalty and milestone-based license to Nisin, thereby acquiring control of the
animal health applications of Nisin. Nisin is a well characterized substance, having been used in food preservation applications for
over 50 years. Food-grade Nisin, however, cannot be used in pharmaceutical applications because of its low purity. A much less pure preparation
of our active ingredient, Nisin, is commonly used as a food preservative and has been given Generally Regarded as Safe 
(GRAS) status by the FDA. Our Nisin technology includes patented processing and purification methods to achieve pharmaceutical-grade
purity. 

During
2004, we entered into a product development and marketing agreement with Zoetis (formerly Pfizer Animal Health, a division of Pfizer,
Inc.) covering this product. That company elected to terminate the agreement in 2007. We believe that this decision was not based on
any unanticipated efficacy or regulatory issues. Rather, we believe the decision was primarily driven by a marketing concern relating
to their fear that the milk from treated cows could interfere with the manufacture of certain cultured dairy products. Due to the zero-milk
discard feature, there is a risk that Nisin from the milk of treated cows could interfere with the manufacture of certain (but not all)
commercial cultured dairy products, such as some kinds of cheese and yogurt, if a process tank contains a high enough percentage of milk
from treated cows. The impact of this potential interference ranges from a delay in the manufacturing process (which does happen at times
for other reasons) to the less likely stopping of a cheese starter culture. Milk from cows that have been treated with our product that
is sold exclusively for fluid milk products presents no such risk. We worked with scientists and mastitis experts to conduct a formal
risk assessment to quantify the impact that milk from treated cows may have on cultured dairy products. This study concluded that the
dilution of milk from treated cows through comingling with milk from untreated cows during normal milk hauling and storage practices
reduces the risk of interference with commercial dairy cultures to a negligible level when the product is used in accordance with the
product label. Further, we believe that such a premium-priced product will be used selectively, which reduces the risk of cheese interference
and is consistent with modern precision dairying practices that discourage the indiscriminate use of drug treatments. Among
the measures that we intend to deploy will be detailed guidance on limiting the portion of a herd that is treated with Re-Tain 
 at any one time in order to avoid concentration levels in the milk that could lead to the rejection of the contents in a cheese
tank. 

Subclinical
mastitis, and the study required to achieve an effectiveness claim for it, is defined under the FDA/Center for Veterinary Medicine Guidance
#49: Target Animal Safety and Drug Effectiveness Studies for Anti-Microbial Bovine Mastitis Products (Lactating and Non-Lactating Cow
Products). Trial eligibility requires both pretreatment samples to be positive for the mastitis pathogen (except for Staphylococcus
aureus and Streptococcus agalactiae , where a single pretreatment sample qualifies a cow for enrollment). For all pathogens,
both samples taken between 14 and 28 days post treatment (and at least 5 days apart) must be negative to be judged a cure. These
conservative criteria generally result in enrolling cows with chronic subclinical disease, which rarely self-resolves. 

Our second most important product development
initiatives (in terms of dollars invested and, we believe, potential market impact) have been focused on other improvements, extensions
or additions to our First Defense product line. During the second quarter of 2009, we entered into a perpetual,
exclusive license with the Baylor College of Medicine covering the underlying rotavirus vaccine technology used to generate the specific
antibodies for use with animals. We achieved product license approval and initiated market launch of this product, Tri-Shield First
Defense , during the fourth quarter of 2017. During the third quarter of 2018, we obtained approval from the Canadian
Food Inspection Agency to sell Tri-Shield in Canada. We initiated sales in Canada through our in-country distributor
during the fourth quarter of 2019. We achieved USDA approval of our bivalent gel tube formulation (formerly marketed as First Defense
Technology during the fourth quarter of 2018 and have re-branded this product format as Dual-Force First Defense .
We are currently working to establish USDA claims for our bivalent bulk powder formulation of First Defense Technology .
We are also working to expand our product development pipeline of antimicrobials that can be used as alternatives to traditional antibiotics
through expansions of our Nisin technology and yield improvements. We intend to begin new development projects that are aligned with our
core competencies and market focus. We also remain interested in acquiring, on suitable terms, other new products and technologies that
fit with our sales focus on the dairy and beef industries. 

8 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Competition 

Our
competition in the animal health market includes other biotechnology companies and major animal health companies. Most, if not all, of
these competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, manufacturing and human resources and more extensive product development
capabilities than we do. 

We
would consider any company that sells an antibiotic to treat mastitis, such as Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck Animal Health and Zoetis,
to be among the potential competitors with respect to Re-Tain . We expect the FDA to grant a period of five years
of market exclusivity for our product (meaning the FDA would not grant approval to a second NADA with the same active drug for a period
of five years after the first NADA approval is granted) under Section 512(c)(2)F of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. Our Nisin
A is produced from our high-yielding, proprietary L. lactis strain and purified to a high level, providing us with a level of
protection over a competitor that might try to develop a similar product. 

There
are several other products on the market (some with claims and some without) that are delivered to newborn calves to prevent scours.
We believe that the First Defense product line offers two significant competitive advantages. First, the First
Defense product line is the only calf-level product that provides protection against E. coli, coronavirus
and rotavirus, three of the leading causes of calf scours. Second, being derived from colostrum, our product offers Immediate Immunity TM
 through antibodies that both function at the gut level and are absorbed into the blood stream for future protection. All formats
of our product can be administered immediately after birth and are not negatively affected by maternal colostrum. 

Zoetis
sells a product that competes directly with the First Defense product line in preventing scours via oral delivery
to newborn calves. Their product (Calf-Guard is a modified-live virus vaccine. Newborn calves respond poorly to vaccines
and the immune system must be given time to develop a response to vaccines. Both our product and Calf-Guard carry claims
against coronavirus and rotavirus infections, but this competing product does not carry a claim against E. coli infections like
our product does. It is common practice to delay colostrum feeding when dosing a calf with Calf-Guard so that the antibodies
in the colostrum do not inactivate this vaccine product. There is no nutritional or health benefit to withholding milk from newborn calves.
In contrast, we encourage the feeding of four quarts of high quality colostrum immediately after birth when dosing a calf with our product,
which is standard practice for good calf health. Because the antibodies in our product would likely work to inactivate a modified-live
virus vaccine, rendering it useless or less useful, our product label historically included a precaution that First Defense 
 should not be used within five days of such a vaccine. During the first quarter of 2015, the USDA granted us permission to remove
this precaution from our label, and we have done so. We believe that this precaution should be required on the Calf-Guard 
label to prevent inactivation of that product by First Defense antibodies or by colostrum. Our product is priced
at a premium to Calf-Guard . 

During
the fourth quarter of 2016, Merck launched a new competing product into this market space. This product (BOVILIS Coronavirus)
is a modified-live virus intranasal vaccine that carries a claim against coronavirus only. Around the end of 2019, Elanco Animal Health
gave notice to the market that it had discontinued the manufacture of its competing products, Bovine Ecolizer and Bovine
Ecolizer + C20, and subsequently exited the market during the first quarter of 2021. This product was the smallest of our three significant
calf-level competitors. During the first quarter of 2023, we learned that some of our dam-level scour competitors were tight in supply
and may not be able to meet all of their marketing demand. 

When
compared to the other USDA-approved calf-level scours preventatives, we lead in both sales dollars and calves treated within the U.S.
market. This product category is comprised of the three primary brands discussed above that are given either orally or intranasally to
newborn dairy and beef calves immediately after birth. With the rotavirus claim for our product Tri-Shield First Defense ),
we are now also competing against dam-level vaccine products that are given to the mother cow to increase the antibody level against
scours-causing pathogens in the colostrum that she produces for her newborn. Those products are sold by Elanco (Scour Bos ), Merck
(Guardian and Zoetis (ScourGuard ). Despite the best-managed dam vaccine program, colostrum quality is
naturally variable and newborn calves do not always get the antibodies they need from maternal colostrum. We believe that the measured
dose of antibodies in our product provides more consistent protection than such vaccine products. 

We
may not be aware of competition that we face, or may face in the future, from other companies. Our competitive position will be highly
influenced by our ability to attract and retain key scientific, manufacturing, managerial and sales and marketing personnel, to develop
and effectively produce and market proprietary technologies and products. We need to obtain USDA, FDA or foreign approvals for new products
to effectively promote and market our products. We must have available properly licensed, efficient and effective raw material and finished
product manufacturing resources to continue to profitably sell our current products. We currently compete on the basis of product performance,
price, distribution capability and customer support. We continue to monitor our network of independent distributors to maintain our competitive
position. 

9 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Intellectual
Property 

We
own a broad collection of registered and unregistered intellectual property rights relating to our research, products and processes.
These rights include patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, know-how and other intellectual property rights in
the United States and other countries. We believe the ownership of our intellectual property rights is an important factor in our business
and that our success depends in part on such ownership. We also rely heavily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing
abilities of our personnel. The Nisin A that is produced from our proprietary strain of L. lactis is an essential component of
our intellectual property covering Re-Tain . We enter into and rely on confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements
with our employees, contractors and business partners to protect our trade secrets, proprietary developments and confidential information.

We
own: (a) U.S. Patent No. 6,794,181 entitled Method of Purifying Lantibiotics , which covers a manufacturing process for
preparing pharmaceutical-grade Nisin, which was issued in 2004; and (b) U.S. Patent No. 10,023,617 entitled Methods and Systems
of Producing Pharmaceutical Grade Lantibiotics , which covers key, novel and proprietary aspects of our manufacturing process for
preparing pharmaceutical-grade Nisin and was issued during the third quarter of 2018. In the future, we may file additional patent applications
for certain products under development. There can be no assurance that patents will be issued with respect to any pending or future applications.
In some cases, we have chosen (and may choose in the future) not to seek patent protection for certain products or processes. In those
instances, we have sought (and may seek in the future) to maintain the confidentiality of any relevant intellectual property and other
proprietary rights through operational measures and contractual agreements. 

We
own numerous trademarks and trade dress that are very important to our business and have several trademark and trade dress registrations
in the United States, Canada and Iran. We own the following U.S. trademark registrations: IMMUCELL , FIRST DEFENSE , FD
FIRST DEFENSE Design), FIRST DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY , TRI-SHIELD FIRST DEFENSE, TRI-SHIELD FIRST DEFENSE Design), YOUR
CALF CREW, BEYOND VACCINATION, BEYOND VACCINATION Design), CALF HERO, DUAL-FORCE, TRI-SHIELD and RE-TAIN. We also own U.S.
registrations claiming rights in the color blue for our blue gel and blue bolus FIRST DEFENSE products. The United States Patent
and Trademark Office refused registration of our IMMEDIATE IMMUNITY trademark, which we use in connection with marketing of all
of our products, on the grounds that the mark is generic. Rather than appeal this finding, we are continuing to build our common law
rights in the brand as we do with other brands from time to time. The FDA issued a determination that the name, MAST OUT , which
we had intended to use for our purified Nisin product, is overly promotional. Rather than continuing an appeal of this decision, we selected
a new product name, RE-TAIN , which was approved by the FDA during the first quarter of 2019. 

Government
Regulation 

We
believe that we are in compliance with current regulatory requirements relating to our business and products. The manufacture and sale
of animal health biologicals within the United States is generally regulated by the USDA. We have received USDA and Canadian Food Inspection
Agency approval for the bolus format of First Defense and for the gel tube formats of Tri-Shield First Defense 
 and Dual-Force First Defense . Re-Tain is regulated by the FDA, which regulates veterinary
drugs. Regulations in the European Union will likely require that Re-Tain be sold subject to a milk discard requirement
in that territory, although the duration of the milk discard requirement may be shorter than the discard requirement applicable to competing
antibiotic products in that market. Comparable agencies exist in foreign countries, and foreign sales of our products will be subject
to regulation by such agencies. Many countries have laws regulating the production, sale, distribution or use of biological products,
and we may have to obtain approvals from regulatory authorities in countries in which we propose to sell our products. Depending upon
the product and its applications, obtaining regulatory approvals may be a relatively brief and inexpensive procedure or it may involve
extensive clinical tests, incurring significant expenses and an approval process of several years duration. We generally rely
on in-country experts to assist us with or to perform international regulatory applications. 

Employees 

We
currently employ 74 employees (including 7 part-time employees) in comparison to 67 employees (including 7 part-time employees) approximately
a year ago. Approximately 48.4 full-time equivalent employees are engaged in quality and manufacturing operations, 13.5 full-time equivalent
employees in sales and marketing, 6.7 full-time equivalent employees in product development activities (primarily supporting facility
maintenance and operation, regulatory filings and commercial scale-up for Re-Tain and 5.4 full-time equivalent
employees in finance and administration. As needed, we augment our staff with contracted temporary employees. All of our employees are
required to execute non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements (and some are required to execute non-compete agreements) intended
to protect our rights in our proprietary products. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreement and consider our employee
relations to be excellent. 

10 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Public
Information 

As
a reporting company, we file quarterly and annual reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K,
respectively. We also file current reports on Form 8-K, whenever events warrant or require such a filing. The public may read and copy
any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. The
public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an
internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information about us that we file electronically with
the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . Our internet address is http://www.immucell.com. 

ITEM
1A RISK FACTORS 

Financial
Risks 

Gross
margin on product sales: One of our goals is to achieve a gross margin (before related depreciation expenses) as a percentage of
total sales approaching 50 after the initial launch of new products. Depreciation expense will be a larger component of costs of goods
sold for Re-Tain than it is for the First Defense product line. Gross margins generally
improve over time, but this anticipated improvement may not be realized for Re-Tain . Many factors discussed in
this report (including inflation and the COVID-related and other cost increases, supply-chain disruptions and the rising price of oil
and other commodities and supplies) impact our costs of goods sold. There is a risk (which was experienced during 2022) that we are not
able to achieve our gross margin goals, which would adversely affect our operating results and could impact our future operating plans.
There is a risk that our plans to maintain or improve our gross margin may not be realized due to cost increases, additional manufacturing
contamination events, the inability to raise our selling prices, or any combination of these factors. 

Exposure
to interest rates and debt service obligations: Rising interest rates could negatively affect the operating costs of dairy and beef
producers and thus put further financial pressure on an already stressed business sector, which could indirectly, but materially and
adversely, affect our business. We removed the direct aspect of this particular exposure to our business by refinancing our bank debt
with fixed rate notes at 3.50 per annum during the first quarter of 2020. The 2 million in additional mortgage debt we secured during
the first quarter of 2022 bears interest at the fixed rate of 3.58 per annum. The two State of Maine loans aggregating 900,000 bear
interest at the fixed rate of 5 per annum. Increasing interest rates would negatively impact the cost of any future borrowings. The
additional debt we incurred to fund our growth objectives has significantly increased our total debt service costs. We are obligated
to make principal and interest payments aggregating approximately 1.4 million during both of the years ending December 31, 2023 and
2024. See Note 10 to the accompanying audited financial statements for more details about our debt. A decline in sales or gross margin,
coupled with this debt service burden, could impair our ability to fund our capital and operating needs and objectives. 

Debt
covenants: Our bank debt is subject to certain financial covenants. We are required to meet a minimum debt service coverage (DSC)
ratio of 1.35, which is measured annually. Our actual DSC ratios were 0.44, 2.68 and 2.03 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020, respectively. There can be no assurance that we can exceed that required level in subsequent years. By negotiation with the
bank in connection with a mortgage debt financing during the first quarter of 2022, the required minimum DSC ratio was reduced to 1.0
for the year ending December 31, 2022. Subsequently, our bank waived the required compliance with this rate for the year ended December
31, 2022. During the first quarter of 2023, the DSC ratio covenant for the year ending December 31, 2023 was waived by our bank. Instead,
we are required to meet a minimum DSC ratio requirement of 1.35 for the twelve-month periods ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2024 and then again annually after that. If we are unable to achieve the required DSC ratio going forward or reach a
favorable agreement with our bank regarding that requirement (including an amendment to or waiver of such requirement), we would be in
violation of that covenant, which could result in unfavorable amendments to the terms of our bank debt or have other adverse impacts
on our business and results of operations. 

Currency
exchange fluctuation: We do not believe that currency exchange rates have had a significant effect on our revenues and expenses.
However, future increases in the value of the U.S. dollar could affect our customers and the demand for our products. We hope to increase
the level of our future sales of products outside the United States. The cost of our products to international customers could be affected
by currency fluctuations. The decline of the U.S. dollar against other currencies could make our products less expensive to international
customers. Conversely, a stronger U.S. dollar could make our products more costly for international customers. The current devaluation
of the dollar makes Euro-based purchases more expensive for us. 

Inflation:
 Inflation is having a material and adverse impact on almost all supplies we purchase and labor we hire and retain. Continuing or
increasing inflationary trends could materially reduce our gross margin on product sales if we are unable or unwilling to impose offsetting
price increases on our customers. According to the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) during the year ended December
31, 2022, the all items index increased 6.5 before seasonal adjustment. 

Projection
of net (loss) income: Generally speaking, our financial performance can differ significantly from management projections, due to
numerous factors that are difficult to predict or that are beyond our control. Weaker than expected sales of the First Defense 
 product line could lead to less profits or deeper operating losses. The timing of FDA approval of Re-Tain 
will have a material impact on our net (loss) income until sufficient commercial sales are generated and sustained. 

11 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Risks
associated with our funding strategy for Re-Tain : The inability to maintain adequate cash and
liquidity to support the commercialization of Re-Tain is a risk to our business. Achieving FDA approval of our
pharmaceutical-grade Nisin produced at commercial-scale is the most critical action remaining in front of us on our path to U.S. regulatory
approval of Re-Tain . Having completed the construction and equipping of the Drug Substance production facility
described elsewhere in this report at a cost of approximately 20.8 million, we will continue to incur product development expenses to
operate and maintain this facility until commercialization. Absent sufficient sales of Re-Tain at a profitable
gross margin, we would be required to fund all debt service costs from available cash and sales of the First Defense 
product line, which would reduce, and could eliminate, our expected profitability going forward and significantly reduce our cash flows. 

Uncertainty
of market size and product sales estimates: Estimating the size of the total addressable market and future sales growth potential
for our First Defense product line is based on our experience and understanding of market dynamics but is inherently
subjective. Estimating the size of the market for any new product, such as Re-Tain , involves more uncertainties
than do projections for established products. We do not know whether, or to what extent, our products will achieve, maintain or increase
market acceptance and profitability. Some of the uncertainties surrounding Re-Tain include the product s
effectiveness against currently prevalent pathogens, market acceptance, the effect of a premium selling price on market penetration,
cost of manufacture, competition from new and existing products sold by substantially larger competitors with greater market reach and
promotional resources and other risks described under Product Risks Sales risks pertaining to Re-Tain 
below. Since Re-Tain is a novel approach to treating mastitis, there are many uncertainties with regards to how
quickly and to what extent we can develop the subclinical mastitis treatment market. We believe that polypeptide antimicrobial technology
may be viewed positively (relative to traditional antibiotics). If realized, this may offset some of these risks and result in better
overall market acceptance. 

Net
deferred tax assets: The realizability of our net deferred tax assets is a subjective estimate that is contingent upon many variables.
During the second quarter of 2018, we recorded a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets that significantly increased
our net loss in comparison to other periods. This non-cash expense could be reversed, and this valuation allowance could be reduced or
eliminated, if warranted by our actual and projected profitability in the future. We will continue to assess the need for the valuation
allowance each quarter. 

Product
Risks 

Product
risks generally: We set objectives for our products that we believe we can achieve, but the achievement of such goals is not a certainty.
The sale of our products is subject to production, financial, efficacy, regulatory, competitive and other market risks. Elevated standards
to achieve and maintain regulatory compliance required to sell our products continue to evolve. Failure to achieve acceptable biological
yields from our production processes can materially increase our costs of goods sold and reduce our production output, leading to lower
margins and/or an order backlog that could adversely affect our customer relationships and operating results. First Defense 
 is sold, and we expect Re-Tain to be sold, at significant price premiums relative to competitive products.
There is no assurance that we will continue to achieve market acceptance of the First Defense product line, or
achieve and sustain market acceptance of Re-Tain , at a profitable price level or that we can continue to manufacture
our products at a low enough cost to result in a sufficient gross margin to justify their continued manufacture and sale. As we bring
 Re-Tain to market, these risks could be heightened by the additional uncertainties associated with introducing
a new product requiring a shift in customer behavior. 

Contamination
events in our production process: Around the end of the third quarter of 2022 and during the first quarter of 2023, we experienced
certain contamination events in our production process. We are at risk of further such production contaminations resulting in more scrapped
inventory if we do not achieve an adequate level of sanitization and quality controls in our production process from farms to finished
goods. These risks could result in a slowdown or shutdown of our production capacity if not managed effectively. 

Sales
risks pertaining to Re-Tain : Actual or prospective Re-Tain customers may decide
to discontinue, reduce or avoid usage of Re-Tain due to the following risks: 

1)
A rejection of a tank of milk by a positive milk inhibitor test because too much of the milk in a bulk tank is comprised of milk from
cows being treated with Re-Tain , when tested randomly for inhibitors by a milk hauler. 

2)
A failed or stalled cheese tank occurs when our recommended on-farm limit of 3 to 5 of milk from cows being treated with Re-Tain 
 is exceeded or not effectively diluted through the milk transportation and collection system, if a cheese starter culture is used
that is susceptible to Nisin. 

3)
Producers current practice generally is to treat only clinical mastitis, which has the visual indicator of abnormal milk. In order
to gain market penetration for Re-Tain , we will need to change that practice and increase awareness of the importance
of treating subclinical disease. This will require the producers ability and willingness to diagnose without visual indicators.
Users of Re-Tain could have unsatisfactory treatment outcomes if they lack the equipment needed to measure and
monitor somatic cell counts (SCC) of the herd or individual cows (for which data is needed). This risk limits our access to treatment
cows because about 40 of farms do not presently access this kind of testing at the cow level, and thus are not good candidates for the
use of Re-Tain . 

12 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

4)
Lower than anticipated treatment cure rates could be experienced because the product is administered to cows that we would not identify
as the best treatment candidates based on SCC data. 

5)
Lower than anticipated treatment cure rates could be experienced because the product is administered to cows that are infected with pathogens
outside of our label claims. 

6)
Off-label use of our product in cows infected with clinical mastitis before we have run the required studies and achieved a label claim
extension for this disease state, resulting in negative treatment outcomes. 

7)
Producers either do not choose to use it or might use it improperly, rather than follow our label instructions to administer one dose
after each of three consecutive milkings, or they may limit use within the herd in an abundance of caution to avoid the negative outcomes
described above. 

Reliance
on sales of the First Defense product line: We are reliant on the market acceptance of the First Defense 
 product line to generate product sales and fund our operations. Our business would not have been profitable during the years
ended December 31, 2012, 2013, 2015 and 2016, during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2017 or during the three-month periods
ended March 31, 2019, December 31, 2020, June 30, 2021, September 30, 2021, December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2022 without the gross margin
that we earned on sales of the First Defense product line. 

Concentration
of sales: Sales of the First Defense product line aggregated 99 and 98 of our total product sales during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our primary customers for the majority of our product sales (92 and 86 during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) are in the U.S. dairy and beef industries. Product sales to international customers,
who are also in the dairy and beef industries, aggregated 8 and 14 of our total product sales during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The concentration of our sales from one product into just two markets (the dairy and beef markets) is a risk
to our business. The animal health distribution segment has been aggressively consolidating over the last few years, with larger distributors
acquiring smaller distributors. A large portion of our product sales (73 during both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021)
was made to two large distributors. A large portion of our trade accounts receivable (69 and 72 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)
was due from these two distributors. We have a good history with these distributors, but the concentration of sales and accounts receivable
with a small number of customers does present a risk to us, including risks related to such customers experiencing financial difficulties
or altering the basis on which they do business with us in a manner unfavorable to us. 

Production
capacity constraints: We invested approximately 3.7 million from 2019 to the first quarter of 2022 to increase our production capacity
(in terms of annual sales dollars) for the First Defense product line from approximately 16.5 million to approximately
 23 million based on current selling prices and estimated production yields. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we reached this new,
higher level of production output on an annualized basis. While this capacity expansion investment has proceeded very close to budget,
there is a risk of cost overruns in our ongoing projects and any future production expansions that we may undertake, and a risk that
we will not be able to achieve our production capacity growth objectives on a timely basis, resulting in a continuing or increasing shortfall
in supply to the market. The inability to meet market demand for our products is a risk to our business. The historically large backlog
of orders, as well as any ongoing order backlog, presents a risk that we could lose customers during this period that are not easily
regained thereafter, when our production capacity is expected to meet or exceed sales demand. During 2021, we initiated three additional
investments aggregating approximately 4.7 million to increase our annual production capacity for the First Defense 
product line to approximately 30 million, which we completed at the end of 2022. We are making initial plans and investments to further
increase our production capacity in 2024 and after. Our plan to continue to expand the First Defense product line
requires ongoing review of equipment capacity and utilization across the manufacturing value stream at the 56 Evergreen Drive facility
and our leased facility at 175 Industrial Way, as well as assessment of functional obsolescence and reliability of equipment. This review
and assessment could identify a need to fund unexpected equipment maintenance or replacement costs. 

Product
liability: The manufacture and sale of our products entails a risk of product liability. Our exposure to product liability is mitigated
to some extent by the fact that our products are directed towards the animal health market. We have maintained product liability insurance
in an amount which we believe is reasonable in relation to our potential exposure in this area. We have no history of claims of this
nature being made. 

13 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Regulatory
Risks 

Regulatory
requirements for the First Defense product line: First Defense is sold in the United
States subject to a product license from the Center for Veterinary Biologics, USDA, which was first obtained in 1991, with subsequent
approvals of line extensions in 2017 and 2018. As a result, our operations are subject to periodic inspection by the USDA, and we are
at risk of an unfavorable outcome from such inspections. The potency of serial lots is directly traceable to the original serial used
to obtain the product performance claims (the Reference Standard). Due to the unique nature of the label claims, host animal re-testing
is not required as long as periodic laboratory analyses continue to support the stability of stored Reference Standard. To date, these
analyses have demonstrated strong stability. However, if the USDA were not to approve requalification of the Reference Standard, additional
clinical studies could be required to meet regulatory requirements and allow for continued sales of the product, which could interrupt
sales and adversely affect our operating results. Territories outside of the United States may require additional regulatory oversight
that we may not be able to meet with our current facilities, processes and resources. 

Regulatory
requirements for Re-Tain : The commercial introduction of this product in the United States requires
us to obtain FDA approval. Completing the development through to approval of the NADA by the FDA involves risk. While four of the five
required Technical Sections have been approved, the regulatory development process timeline has been extensive (approximately 15 years
from when the product rights were returned to us by a former partner in 2007) and has involved multiple commercial production strategies
and multiple submissions of the Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls (CMC) Technical Section. Most recently, we received an Incomplete
Letter from the FDA regarding this CMC Technical Section during the third quarter of 2022. The principal issue remaining is a successful
pre-approval re-inspection of our manufacturing facility. We are completing preparations for this re-inspection. This clarifies the required
path to product approval. To reduce the risk associated with this process, we are working with a qualified contract manufacturer (Norbrook)
for alignment of the required validations and Drug Product manufacture and have met with the FDA to clarify filing strategy and requirements.
Our CMC Technical Section submission will be subject to a statutory six-month review period by the FDA. We believe we can successfully
complete the pre-approval re-inspection inside of this time frame. However, our efforts continue to be subject to inspection and approval
by the FDA and other factors outside of our control, and there remains a risk that the required FDA approvals of our product and facilities
could be delayed or not obtained. International regulatory approvals would be required for sales of Re-Tain outside
of the United States, and there is a risk that these approvals would be or become too costly to pursue or be delayed or not obtained.
Sales in these international territories would also be subject to milk discard and meat withhold restrictions, thereby reducing the competitive
advantage of Re-Tain in those territories. 

Economic
Risks Pertaining to the Dairy and Beef Industries 

The
industry data referred to below is compiled from USDA databases. 

Cattle
count: The January count of all cattle and calves in the United States had steadily declined from 97,000,000 as of January 1, 2007
to 88,500,000 as of January 1, 2014. Then this figure increased each year, reaching 94,800,000 as of January 1, 2019 before declining
to 93,800,000 as of both January 1, 2020 and January 1, 2021. This count continued to decline to 92,100,000 and to 89,300,000 as of January
1, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Reflecting seasonal trends, this figure was equal to 102,000,000, 101,000,000 and 98,800,000 as of July
1, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively. A significant decline in the cattle count could negatively affect the size of our addressable market. 

Herd
size: Prior to 1957, there were over 20,000,000 cows in the U.S. dairy herd. Prior to 1986, there were over 10,000,000 cows in the
U.S. dairy herd. From 1998 through 2021, the size (annual average) of the U.S. dairy herd ranged from approximately the low of 9,011,000
in 2004 to the high of 9,448,000 in 2021. This average declined to 9,402,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022. A significant decline
in the herd size could negatively affect the size of our addressable market. 

Milk
cow price: The all-time high value (annual average) for a milk cow was 1,993 during 2015. Since then, this annual average value
steadily declined to 1,205 during 2019 before increasing to 1,300 during 2020 and to 1,363 during 2021. This price for 2022 increased
significantly to an average of 1,598, which is a 17 increase over 2021. This price as of January 2023 increased by another 8 to 1,720.
A significant decline in the milk cow price could negatively affect the size of our addressable market. 

14 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Milk
price: The dairy market, similar to many others, has been unstable for several reasons including as a result of the pandemic. The
price paid to producers for milk has been very volatile. This market volatility, and the resulting impact on our primary end users, could
negatively impact our ability to maintain and grow sales at a profitable level. The Class III milk price (an industry benchmark that
reflects the value of product used to make cheese) is an important indicator because it defines our customers revenue level. This
annual average milk price level (measured in dollars per hundred pounds of milk) reached its highest point (since these prices were first
reported in 1980) during 2014 at 22.34 (peaking at 24.60 in September 2014), which price level has never been repeated. During the
year ended December 31, 2020, this average milk price was equal to 18.16, but it was extremely volatile during the year due largely
to disruption in demand related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The one-month fluctuation of 73 from a low of 12.14 in May 2020 to 21.04
in June 2020 set an all-time record for variability. The average price for 2021 decreased by 6 to 17.08. This price average increased
by 29 to 21.96 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The average price decreased by 15 to 18.61 during the first two months of
2023. The annual fluctuations in this milk price level are demonstrated in the following table: 

Average
 Class III Milk Price During the Years Ended December 31, 

(Decrease) Increase 
 
 2014 
 22.34 

2015 
 15.80 
 (29 
 
 2016 
 14.87 
 (6 
 
 2017 
 16.17 
 9 
 
 2018 
 14.61 
 (10 
 
 2019 
 16.96 
 16 
 
 2020 
 18.16 
 7 
 
 2021 
 17.08 
 (6 
 
 2022 
 21.96 
 29 

Feed
Costs: The actual level of milk prices may be less important than its level relative to feed costs. One measure of this relationship
is known as the milk-to-feed price ratio, which represents the amount of feed that one pound of milk can buy. An increase in feed costs
also has a negative impact on the beef industry and therefore could have a resulting negative impact on our business and results of operations.
This ratio varies farm-to-farm based on individual operating parameters. Since this ratio reached 3.24 in 2005, it has not exceeded 3.00.
This ratio averaged 1.74 for 2021, amounting to a significant decline of 25 from the 2020 average of 2.32. This average has not been
lower since 2012. During 2022, this ratio improved by 10 to 1.92. This ratio dropped to 1.73 in January 2023. The following table demonstrates
the annual volatility and the low values of this ratio recently: 

Average
Milk-To-Feed Price Ratio During the Years Ended December 31, 

(Decrease) Increase 
 
 2014 
 2.54 

2015 
 2.14 
 (16 
 
 2016 
 2.26 
 6 
 
 2017 
 2.42 
 7 
 
 2018 
 2.05 
 (15 
 
 2019 
 2.25 
 10 
 
 2020 
 2.32 
 3 
 
 2021 
 1.74 
 (25 
 
 2022 
 1.92 
 10 

Market
volatility : While the number of cows in the U.S. herd and the production of milk per cow directly influence the supply of milk, the
price for milk is also influenced by very volatile international demand for milk products. Given our focus on the dairy and beef industries,
the volatile market conditions and the resulting financial insecurities of our primary end users are risks to our ability to maintain
and grow sales at a profitable level. These factors also heighten the challenge of selling premium-priced animal health products (such
as Tri-Shield and Re-Tain into the dairy market. 

Small
Size of Company 

Dependence
on key personnel: We are a small company with 74 employees (including 7 part-time employees). As such, we rely on certain key employees
to support multiple operational functions, with limited redundancy in capacity. The loss of any of these key employees could adversely
affect our operations until a qualified replacement is hired and trained, which could be even more challenging in the present very difficult
labor market. Our competitive position will be highly influenced by our ability to attract, retain and motivate key scientific, manufacturing,
managerial and sales and marketing personnel. We will require increased staffing levels to operate our expanded First Defense 
 production capacity and to operate our Re-Tain production facility. The cost of attracting and retaining
the needed additional personnel in this current job market and inflationary environment could adversely affect our margins and profitability. 

15 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Reliance
on outside party to provide certain services under contract for us: We are exposed to additional regulatory compliance risks through
the subcontractors that we choose to work with to produce Re-Tain , who also need to satisfy certain regulatory
requirements in order to provide us with the products and services we need. One example of this outside reliance is Norbrook, our Drug
Product (DP) contract manufacturer. Because Norbrook has elected to terminate its supply agreement with us effective as of the end of
2022 (with final deliveries anticipated during the middle of 2023), we are investing approximately 4 million to construct and equip
our own DP formulation and aseptic filling capability for Re-Tain inside our existing Drug Substance facility.
Due to the loss in gross margin during the first quarter of 2023 caused by the slowdown in production output necessary to remediate a
product contamination event, we have decided to defer spending of approximately 42 of these funds for the time being. We face the risk
of potential supply interruption and adverse effects on the market launch of Re-Tain if we do not effectively
manage the end of the DP supply provided from our contract manufacturer for orders scheduled for delivery during the second half of 2023
(with product expiries during the second half of 2025) to align with the new supply from our own formulation and aseptic filling facility,
which we currently expect to be operational during 2025. The objective of this investment is to end our reliance on an outside party
to perform these services for us. Actual project costs could exceed our current estimates. Completion of this project could be delayed
due to a number of factors outside our control, including delays in equipment fabrication, equipment delivery or facility construction.
In addition, there is a risk that we fail to achieve regulatory approval of the new facility or that such approval is delayed or requires
significant additional expenditures to obtain. 

Competition
from others: Many of our competitors are significantly larger and more diversified in the relevant markets than we are and have substantially
greater financial, marketing, manufacturing and human resources and more extensive product development and sales/distribution capabilities
than we do, including greater ability to withstand adverse economic or market conditions and declining revenues and/or profitability.
Merck and Zoetis, among other companies, sell products that compete directly with the First Defense product line
in preventing scours in newborn calves. The scours product sold by Zoetis sells for approximately half the price of our product, although
it does not have an E. coli claim (which ours does). With Tri-Shield , we can now compete more effectively
against vaccines that are given to the mother cow (dam) to improve the quality of the colostrum that she produces for the newborn calf.
Elanco, Merck and Zoetis provide these dam vaccine products to the market. There are many companies competing in the mastitis treatment
market, most notably Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck and Zoetis. The subclinical mastitis products sold by these large companies are well
established in the market and are priced lower than what we expect for Re-Tain , but all of them involve traditional
antibiotics and are sold subject to a requirement to discard milk during and for a period of time after treatment (unlike our product
which carries zero milk discard and zero milk withhold claims). There is no assurance that our products will compete successfully in
these markets. We may not be aware of other companies that compete with us or intend to compete with us in the future. 

Global
Risks 

Impact
of global COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s unprovoked military invasion of Ukraine: We are facing significant production constraints,
supply disruptions and inflationary increases which appear to have been caused, in large part directly or indirectly, by the pandemic
and Russia s unprovoked military invasion of Ukraine. The extent and duration of the negative impact of the pandemic on the economics
of our customers and on the demand for our products going forward are very difficult to assess. The dairy market, similar to many others,
has been unstable as a result of the pandemic. The price paid to producers for milk has been very volatile. The Class III milk price
has been extremely volatile during the pandemic. Initially, stay at home orders disrupted the food service supply system as schools closed
and restaurants were shut down. In response, producers were forced to reduce the supply of milk to the market by drying off cows early,
culling cows from the herd and dumping milk, among other tactics. Market conditions have improved somewhat, but this volatility remains
a concern. Additionally, like most input costs, the cost of grain and other feed is rising, which puts a strain on the profitability
of our customers. There is also economic uncertainty for beef producers, as the supply chain is interrupted or otherwise adversely affected
due to closures of processing plants and reduced throughput. This is a very unusual situation for farmers that work so hard to improve
production quality and efficiency in order to help feed a growing population with high-quality and cost-effective proteins. The pandemic
has created risk and continues to create uncertainty and challenges for us. The emergence of the Delta and Omicron variants and the resulting
rising number of positive cases during the latter part of 2021 and into 2022 has been a more recent concern. The pandemic has created
or contributed to global supply-chain disruptions and has affected international trade, while creating a worldwide health and economic
crisis. While presently there are some indications that suggest the situation may be improving, the full impact of this viral outbreak
on the global economy, and the duration of such impact, remains very uncertain at this time. Stock market valuations have declined and
recovered somewhat but remain very volatile. Inflation has increased significantly, and tax rates may increase. There is a risk of a
period of economic downturn, the severity and duration of which are difficult to know. Prior to the pandemic and the responsive federal
economic stimulus programs, many feared the United States had taken on too much national debt. Now the debt load is significantly higher.
A combination of the conditions, trends and concerns summarized above could have a corresponding negative effect on our business and
operations, including the supply of the colostrum we purchase to produce our First Defense product line, the demand
for our products in the U.S. market and our ability to penetrate or maintain a profitable presence in international markets. We are experiencing
shortages in key components and needed products, backlogs and production slowdowns due to difficulties accessing needed supplies and
labor and other restrictions which increase our costs and affect our ability to consistently deliver our products to market in a timely
manner. Our exposure to this risk is mitigated to some extent by the fact that our supply chain is not heavily dependent on foreign manufacturers,
by our on-going cross-training of our employees, by qualifying alternate suppliers and components and by our early and continued compliance
with recommended hygiene. Despite our best efforts and intentions, there is a risk that an employee could become infected and could infect
others. Russia s unprovoked military invasion of Ukraine and attack on its people is having a significant negative impact on the
world economy, worsening trends that were already moving in an unfavorable direction. Among other exposures, the increasing price of
oil is already impacting our transportation-related expenses materially, and we expect this supply stress to increase the cost of petroleum-based
products that we purchase (mostly plastics). 

16 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Climate
change: Our business, and our activities and the activities of our customers and suppliers, could be disrupted by climate change.
Potential physical risks from climate change may include altered distribution and intensity of rainfall, prolonged droughts or flooding,
increased frequency of wildfires and other natural disasters, rising sea levels, and a rising heat index, any of which could cause negative
impacts to our and our customers and suppliers businesses. Increased temperatures and rising water levels may negatively
impact our dairy and beef livestock customers by increasing the prevalence of parasites and diseases that affect food animals. The physical
changes caused by climate change may also prompt changes in regulations or consumer preferences which in turn could have negative consequences
for our and our customers businesses. Climate change may negatively impact our customers operations, through climate-related
impacts such as increased air and water temperatures, rising water levels and increased incidence of disease in livestock. In addition,
concerns regarding greenhouse gas emissions and other potential environmental impacts of livestock production have led to some consumers
opting to limit or avoid consuming animal products. If such events affect our customers businesses, they may purchase fewer of
our products, and our revenues may be negatively impacted. Climate driven changes could have a material adverse impact on the financial
performance of our business and on our customers. In addition, increased frequency of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions
may disrupt our manufacturing processes or our supply chain. These disruptions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 

Bovine
diseases: The potential for epidemics of bovine diseases such as Foot and Mouth Disease, Bovine Tuberculosis, Brucellosis and Bovine
Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE) presents a risk to us and our customers. Documented cases of BSE in the United States have led to an
overall tightening of regulations pertaining to ingredients of animal origin, especially bovine. The First Defense 
product line is manufactured from bovine milk (colostrum), which is not considered a BSE risk material. Future regulatory action to increase
protection of the human food supply could affect the First Defense product line, although presently we do not
anticipate that this will be the case. 

Risks
Pertaining to Common Stock 

Stock
market valuation and liquidity: Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market (Nasdaq: ICCC). Our average daily trading volume
(which was approximately 6,612 shares per day during the 20-day period ended March 10, 2023) is lower, our bid/ask stock price spread
can be larger and our share price can be more volatile than what other companies experience, which could result in investors facing difficulty
selling their stock for proceeds that they may expect or desire. Our share price as of March 10, 2023 was 5.49. Most companies in the
animal health sector have market capitalization values that greatly exceed our current market capitalization of approximately 43 million
as of March 10, 2023. Our product sales during the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 19 million. This means that our market
valuation as of March 10, 2023 was equal to approximately 2 times our sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. Before gross margin
from the sale of new products is achieved, our market capitalization may be heavily dependent on the perceived potential for growth from
our product under development and may therefore be negatively affected by the related uncertainties and risks. 

Certain
provisions might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or changes in our management: Provisions of our
certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, our Common Stock Rights Plan or Delaware law may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition
or other change in control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares of our common stock. These provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace
or remove our management. These provisions include: 

limitations
on the removal of directors; 

advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations; 

the
ability of our Board of Directors to alter or repeal our bylaws; 

the
ability of our Board of Directors to refuse to redeem rights issued under our Common Stock Rights Plan or otherwise to limit or suspend
its operation that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, potentially preventing acquisitions that
have not been approved by our Board of Directors; and 

Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination
with an interested stockholder (generally defined as a person which together with its affiliates owns, or within the last three years
has owned, 15 of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested
stockholder) unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. 

17 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

The existence
of the foregoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could depress the trading price of our common stock or limit the price that investors
might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our Company, thereby
reducing the likelihood of obtaining a premium for our common stock in an acquisition. 

No expectation
to pay any dividends or repurchase stock for the foreseeable future: We do not anticipate paying any dividends to, or repurchasing
stock from, our stockholders for the foreseeable future. Instead, we expect to use cash to fund product development costs and investments
in our facilities and production equipment, and to increase our working capital and to reduce debt. Stockholders must be prepared to rely
on market sales of their common stock after price appreciation to earn an investment return, which may never occur. Any determination
to pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results
of operations, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable laws, current and anticipated needs for liquidity and other
factors our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

Possible
dilution: We may need to access the capital markets again and issue additional common stock in order to fund our growth objectives,
as described elsewhere in this report. Such issuances could have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. 

Other Risks 

Access to raw
materials and contract manufacturing services: Our objective is to maintain more than one source of supply for the components used
to manufacture and test our products that we obtain from third parties. However, we are experiencing difficulty in efficiently acquiring
essential supplies. We have significantly increased the number of farms from which we purchase colostrum for the First Defense 
product line. A significant reduction in farm capacity could make it difficult for us to produce enough inventory to meet customer demand.
The specific antibodies that we purify from colostrum for the First Defense product line are not readily available
from other sources. We are and will be dependent on our manufacturing facilities and operations in Portland for the production of the
 First Defense product line and Re-Tain .
We will be dependent on one manufacturer for the supply of syringes for Re-Tain . We are currently dependent on
a contract with Norbrook for the Drug Product (DP) formulation and aseptic filling of our Nisin DP for orders scheduled for delivery during
the second half of 2023. The facility we are constructing to perform these services in-house will be subject to FDA inspection and approval,
the outcome and timing of which are not within our control. We expect to achieve FDA approval for use of our DP facility during 2025.
The potential alternative options for these services are narrowed considerably because our product cannot be formulated or filled in a
facility that also processes traditional antibiotics (i.e., beta lactams). Any significant damage to or other disruption in the services
at any of these third-party facilities or our own facilities (including due to regulatory issues or non-compliance) would adversely affect
the production of inventory and result in significant added expenses and potential loss of future sales. 

Failure to protect intellectual property:
 The protection and enforcement of our intellectual property rights may require the expenditure of significant financial, managerial
and operational resources. We rely on trademark, copyright and patent law, trade secret protection, agreements and other methods with
our employees and others to protect our proprietary rights. However, we may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property
rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our intellectual property rights. We may not be able to obtain registration
for all intellectual property we seek to register, and effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country
in which our products are sold. In some cases, we have chosen (and may choose in the future) not to seek patent protection for certain
products or processes. Instead, we have sought (and may seek in the future) to maintain the confidentiality of any relevant proprietary
technology through trade secrets, operational safeguards and contractual agreements. Reliance upon trade secret, rather than patent, protection
may cause us to be vulnerable to competitors who successfully replicate (knock off) our manufacturing techniques and processes. Further,
our confidentiality agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our proprietary information, technologies and processes and may
not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of such information. Others may independently develop similar trade
secrets or technology or obtain access to our unpatented trade secrets or proprietary technology. Others may have filed patent applications
and may have been issued patents involving products or technologies potentially useful to us or necessary for us to commercialize our
products or achieve our business goals. If that were to be the case, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain licenses
to such patents on terms that are acceptable to us. Any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated
through administrative process or litigation. Third parties may claim in the future, that we have infringed their intellectual property
rights, which could result in significant costs and potential damages and license requirements. We may initiate claims or litigation against
others for infringement, misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights or to establish
the validity of such rights. However, we may be unable to discover or determine the extent of any infringement, misappropriation or other
violation of our intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights. In addition, we may be unable to prevent third parties from
infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights. 

18 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Increasing dependence on the continuous and
reliable operation of our information technology systems: We rely on information systems throughout our company. Any disruption of
these systems or significant security breaches could adversely affect our business. Although we maintain information security policies
and employ system backup measures and engage in information system redundancy planning and processes, such policies, measures, planning
and processes, as well as our current disaster recovery plan may be ineffective or inadequate to address all eventualities. As information
systems and the use of software and related applications by us, our business partners, suppliers, and customers become more cloud-based,
we become inherently more susceptible to cyberattacks. There has been an increase in global cybersecurity vulnerabilities and threats,
including more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks that pose a risk to the security of our information systems and networks
and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of data and information. There are reports of increased activity by hackers and scammers
during the COVID-19 pandemic. Russia s unprovoked military invasion of Ukraine may elevate the risk of such cyberattacks. Any such
attack or breach could compromise our networks and the information stored thereon could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen.
While we have invested in our data and information technology infrastructure (including working with an information security technology
consultant to assess and enhance our security systems and procedures, and periodically training our employees in such systems and procedures),
there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent a system disruption, attack, or security breach and, as such, the risk of system
disruptions and security breaches from a cyberattack remains. We have not experienced any material adverse effect on our business or operations
as a consequence of any such attack or breach but may incur increasing costs in performing the tasks described above. Given the unpredictability
of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions and the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, which vary in technique and sources,
if we or our business partners or suppliers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach that impacts any of our
critical functions, or our customers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach via any of our connected products
and services, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays or other detrimental impacts on our operations.
Furthermore, any access to, public disclosure of, or other loss of data or information, including any of our (or our customers 
or suppliers confidential or proprietary information or personal data or information, as a result of an attack or security breach
could result in governmental actions or private claims or proceedings, which could damage our reputation, cause a loss of confidence in
our products and services, damage our ability to develop (and protect our rights to) our proprietary technologies and have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. While this exposure is common to all companies,
larger companies with greater resources may be better able to mitigate this risk than we can. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

Building 56: 

During 1993, we purchased a 15,000 square foot
facility (that included 5,000 square feet of unfinished office space on the second floor) at 56 Evergreen Drive in Portland, Maine. We
currently use this space for substantially all of our: i) office and laboratory needs, ii) vaccine manufacturing operations, iii) liquid
processing operations and iv) freeze-drying operations for our USDA-regulated product line. All of our powder milling and filling operations,
gel formulation operations and assembly services have been relocated out of this building. During 2001, we completed a construction project
that added approximately 5,200 square feet of new manufacturing space on the first floor and approximately 4,100 square feet of storage
space on the second floor. During 2007, we built out the 5,000 square feet of unfinished space on the second floor into usable office
space. After moving offices from the first floor into this new space on the second floor, we modified and expanded the laboratory space
on the first floor and added approximately 2,500 additional square feet of storage space on the second floor. During 2009, we added 350
square feet of cold storage space connected to our first floor production area and added an additional 600 square feet to the second floor
storage area. During 2015, we completed construction of a two-story addition connected to our facility to provide us with approximately
7,100 additional square feet for cold storage, production and warehouse space for our operations. These additions increased the size of
the facility to approximately 34,850 square feet. 

Building 33: 

During 2015, we exercised an option to acquire
land at 33 Caddie Lane in Portland, Maine which is near our facility at 56 Evergreen Drive, on which we initiated construction of our
Drug Substance production facility for Re-Tain 
during the third quarter of 2016. During the fourth quarter of 2017, we obtained a Certificate of Occupancy from the City of Portland
for our 16,202 square foot (9,803 on the first floor and 6,399 on the second floor) Drug Substance production facility. Our FDA-regulated
operations are conducted in this building. 

19 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Building 14: 

During 2017, we purchased a 4,080 square foot
facility adjacent to the Drug Substance production facility for Re-Tain 
at 14 Wedge Way in Portland, Maine. We are using this warehouse space primarily for storage of inventory, materials and equipment. We
are presently modifying this facility for packing, shipping and cold storage for Re-Tain 
 and other warehousing needs. We expect these modifications to be complete during the middle of 2023. 

Building 175: 

During 2019, we entered into a lease covering
approximately 14,300 square feet of office and warehouse space to expand our USDA-regulated manufacturing operations. We have renovated
this space (a Certificate of Occupancy was issued during the second quarter of 2020) to help us expand our production capacity and improve
quality for the First Defense product line. This space is being used for all of our powder milling and filling,
gel formulation and assembly services. The original lease term was ten years with a right to renew for a second ten-year term and a right
of first offer to purchase. During the third quarter of 2022, we entered into a new 20-year lease covering a facility that is now being
constructed by our landlord Building 165 , described below), which is adjacent to (and could be connected to) Building 175 .
In connection with this new lease, the lease to Building 175 was extended by approximately 13 years to match the expiration of
the other lease to Building 165 . 

Building 165: 

During the third quarter of 2022, we committed
to lease an additional 15,400 square feet of space at 165 Industrial Way in Portland, Maine, which could be connected to Building 175 ,
over a 20-year term. The lease commencement date is when the landlord is issued a Certificate of Occupancy for the building shell, which
is anticipated to be around the beginning of the second quarter of 2023. Lease payments begin four months after this date. We intend to
use this space for the following three purposes: 1) improve product quality by moving powder milling out of Building 56 , 2) provide
much needed additional warehouse space and 3) provide space for additional freeze-drying equipment to increase our production capacity
to approximately 40 million per year. Due to the loss in gross margin on product sales during the first quarter of 2023 caused by the
slowdown in production output necessary to remediate a product contamination event, we have decided to defer, for the time being, completion
of the investment to build out Building 165 . The objective to separate our powder milling operations out of Building 56 
has been achieved by moving milling to Building 175 for the time being. 

Other: 

During the first quarter of 2017, we entered
into a renewable, two-year lease for approximately 1,350 square feet of office, warehouse and garage space in Warsaw, New York to support
our farm operations. This lease was extended through and terminated at the end of March of 2021. During March of 2021, we entered into
a different renewable, two-year lease for approximately 1,300 square feet of office, storage and parking space in New York. Subsequently,
we entered into a new two-year lease to the same property through March of 2025 that includes an option to renew for an additional two-year
term. We are renting approximately 960 square feet in Winona, Minnesota for a sales office. This lease automatically renews with 4 increases
for one-year terms unless we or the landlord give 60-days notice of a change. The current term expires in June 2023. We do not
expect to provide notice of cancellation at this time. We also maintain access to cows (as a source of colostrum used in the production
of the First Defense product line) through contractual
relationships with commercial dairy farms. We maintain property insurance in amounts that approximate replacement cost and a modest amount
of business interruption insurance. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

In the ordinary course of business, we may become
subject to periodic lawsuits, investigations and claims. Although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate resolution of any such
lawsuits, investigations and claims against us, we do not believe that any pending or threatened legal proceedings to which we are or
could become a party will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None 

20 

ImmuCell Corporation 

PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR
REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital
Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol ICCC. As of March 10, 2023, we had 15,000,000 common shares authorized and 7,746,864
common shares outstanding, and there were approximately 661 shareholders of record. We have not paid dividends on our common stock and
do not have any present plan or expectation to pay dividends. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The table below summarizes the common stock reserved
for issuance upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or that could be granted in the future: 

Number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of shares remaining available for future issuance under stock-based compensation plans (excluding shares reflected in first column of this table) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 605,000 
 7.19 
 229,500 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

Total 
 605,000 
 7.19 
 229,500 

Purchase of Equity Securities

During 2022,
we accepted 30,670 in cash in consideration for the exercise of stock options. During 2021, we accepted 11,693 in cash and the surrender
of 17,128 stock options with a fair market value ranging from 9.52 to 10.02 per share at the time of exercise in consideration for the
exercise of stock options. In all cases, new shares were issued from treasury stock. 

ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our audited financial statements and the related notes and
other financial information included in Part II, Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and
analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business,
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. One should review Part I , Item 1A Risk
Factors of this Annual Report for a discussion of some of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from the results, objectives or expectations described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion
and analysis. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Net cash (used for) operating activities was 1.5) million during the year ended December 31, 2022 in contrast to net cash provided by operating activities of 954,000 during the
year ended December 31, 2021. The 2.5 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities from period to period was largely
the net result of a 2.4 million increase in the net loss with 2 million more cash being used to build inventory being net against 1.8
million more cash being generated by the collection of accounts receivable. As we increased our production capacity to eliminate the backlog
of orders, our inventory balance increased to 6 million as of December 31, 2022 from 3.1 million as of December 31, 2021. Our total
depreciation and amortization expense was approximately 2.5 million during both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We anticipate
that depreciation expense, while not affecting our cash flows from operations, will be a significant factor in creating annual net operating
losses until and unless product sales increase sufficiently to offset these non-cash expenses. Net cash (used for) investing activities
was 4) million during the year ended December 31, 2022 in comparison to net cash (used for) investing activities of 1.6) million during
the year ended December 31, 2021. Approximately 4 million and 2.6 million of cash was used to acquire property, plant and equipment
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which payments were largely related to our ongoing investments to expand
our manufacturing facilities. Net cash provided by financing activities decreased to 1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022
in comparison to net cash provided by financing activities of 3.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022, we received
 2 million in debt proceeds compared to 400,000 in debt proceeds received during 2021. We raised no new equity during 2022, but during
2021, we raised 4.2 million from a public offering of common stock. Debt principal repayments will continue to reduce our cash flows. 

21 

ImmuCell Corporation 

We entered into several bank debt refinancings
and amendments with Gorham Savings Bank (GSB) from the first quarter of 2020 to the first quarter of 2022 that have improved our liquidity
by spreading our principal payments out over a longer period of time and pushing out balloon principal payment obligations that existed
under some of the repaid debt. Also, because all of this debt bears interest at fixed rates, we are avoiding the adverse effects of rising
interest rates on our debt service costs. The blended interest rate on this debt, including the State of Maine debt from the Maine Technology
Institute (MTI) described below, is 3.65 per annum (3.52 per annum excluding the MTI debt). As of December 31, 2022, we had total bank
debt outstanding (including the MTI debt) of approximately 10.2 million as compared to approximately 9.1 million as of December 31,
2021. Debt principal repayments aggregated approximately 897,000 and 768,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
We anticipate that debt principal repayments will aggregate approximately 1 million during the year ending December 31, 2023. Interest
expense (excluding amortization of debt issuance costs) was approximately 341,000 and 307,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. We anticipate that interest expense will be approximately 352,000 during the year ending December 31, 2023. During
the first quarter of 2022, the availability of our 1.0 million line of credit, which bears interest at the National Prime Rate per annum,
was extended until March 11, 2024. These credit facilities are secured by substantially all of our assets, including our facility at 56
Evergreen Drive in Portland (which was independently appraised at 6.3 million in connection with the 2022 financing) and our facility
at 33 Caddie Lane in Portland (which was independently appraised at 3.2 million in connection with a 2017 financing and at 2.5 million
in connection with a 2020 refinancing). These credit facilities are subject to certain restrictions and financial covenants. We are required
to meet a minimum debt service coverage (DSC) ratio set by GSB of 1.35. Our actual DSC ratio was equal to 2.68, 2.03 and 1.57 during the
years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. By negotiation with GSB in connection with the 2022 financing, the required
minimum DSC ratio was reduced to 1.0 for the year ending December 31, 2022. The actual DSC ratio during the year ended December 31, 2022
was 0.44. The compliance requirement with the DSC ratio was waived by GSB for 2022. During the first quarter of 2023, the DSC ratio covenant
for the year ending December 31, 2023 was waived by GSB. Instead, we are required to meet a minimum DSC ratio requirement of 1.35 for
the twelve-month periods ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 and then again annually after that. 

During June 2020, we received a 500,000 loan
from the Maine Technology Institute (MTI). The first 2.25 years of this loan were interest-free with no interest accrual or required principal
payments. Principal and interest payments at a fixed rate of 5 per annum are due quarterly over the final 5 years of the loan, which
began during the fourth quarter of 2022 and continues through the third quarter of 2027. During July 2021, we received an additional 400,000
loan from the MTI. The first 2 years of this second loan are interest-free with no interest accrual or required principal payments. Principal
and interest payments at a fixed rate of 5 per annum are due quarterly over the final 5.5 years of the loan, beginning during the third
quarter of 2023 and continuing through the fourth quarter of 2028. Both loans are unsecured and subordinated to all other bank debt from
GSB and may be prepaid without penalty at any time. This support from the State of Maine through the MTI helps us move forward aggressively
with our investments while increasing our total employee count. 

From the first quarter of 2016 through the second
quarter of 2021, we raised gross proceeds of approximately 26.7 million (net proceeds were approximately 24.8 million) from six different
common equity transactions priced between 5.25 and 8.25 per share with a weighted average price of approximately 5.87 per share. No
warrants were issued in connection with any of these transactions, and no convertible or preferred securities were issued. This capital,
together with our bank debt and gross margin from product sales, has allowed us to transform the Company. We are (and have been) investing
significantly to increase our capacity to produce the First Defense product line from approximately 16.5 million
to approximately 40 million in annual sales volume per year. The actual value of our production capacity varies based on biological and
process yields, product format mix, selling price and other factors. Based on our best estimates and projections, we believe that our
cash and cash equivalents, together with gross margin anticipated to be earned from ongoing product sales, will be sufficient to meet
our currently planned working capital and capital expenditure requirements and to finance our ongoing business operations for at least
12 months (which is the period of time required to be addressed for such purposes by accounting disclosure standards) from the date of
this filing. The table below summarizes the changes in selected, key accounts (in thousands, except for percentages): 

As of 
 As of 
 (Decrease) Increase 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Amount 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 5,792 
 10,185 
 (4,394 
 (43 
 
 Net working capital 
 10,923 
 13,730 
 (2,808 
 (20 
 
 Total assets 
 44,861 
 44,466 
 395 
 (1) 
 7,747 
 7,742 
 5 

(1) There were approximately 605,000 and 443,000 shares of common
stock reserved for issuance for stock options that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

22 

ImmuCell Corporation 

We have invested and continue to invest in eight
different capital expenditure projects to increase our production capacity for the First
Defense product line and complete the development of Re-Tain .
When we describe the production capacity for the First Defense 
product line in this report, it should be noted that the actual value of this capacity varies based on biological and process yields,
product format mix, selling price and other factors. From 2014 to 2019, we initiated four capital expenditure investments, as described
in the following table (in thousands): 

Cash Paid on Projects Initiated before 2021 During the 

A 
 B 
 C 
 D 
 Total 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2014 
 1,041 

1,041 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2015 
 1,991 
 265 

2,256 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2016 
 1,173 
 2,093 

3,266 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2017 
 
 17,686 

17,686 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2018 
 
 1,596 

1,596 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2019 

279 
 538 
 817 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 

2,938 
 581 
 3,519 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

432 
 886 
 1,318 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

4 
 308 
 312 
 
 Total Paid through December 31, 2022 
 4,205 
 21,640 
 3,653 
 2,313 
 31,811 
 
 Estimate to Complete 

1,687 
 1,687 
 
 Total Project Cost 
 4,205 
 21,640 
 3,653 
 4,000 
 33,498 

PROJECT A included a 7,100 square foot
facility addition at 56 Evergreen Drive and related equipment (including freeze-dryer #2) and cold storage capacity to increase the production
capacity for the First Defense product line. During the first quarter of 2016, we completed this investment, increasing
our freeze-drying capacity by 100 and making other improvements to our liquid processing capacity, which increased our annual production
capacity (in terms of annual sales dollars) to approximately 16.5 million. This investment also included the construction and equipping
of a pilot plant for small-scale Drug Substance production for Re-Tain within our First Defense 
 production facility at 56 Evergreen Drive. After PROJECT B was completed, this space was converted for use in the production
of the gel tube formats of the First Defense product line at 56 Evergreen Drive. After PROJECT C was completed,
this space was converted to double our liquid processing capacity at 56 Evergreen Drive. 

PROJECT B was related to the Drug Substance
production facility for Re-Tain at 33 Caddie Lane. During the fourth quarter of 2017, we completed construction
of the Drug Substance production facility. We began equipment installation during the third quarter of 2017, and we completed this installation
during the third quarter of 2018. The total cost of this investment for the Drug Substance production facility and related processing
equipment was 20.8 million plus 331,000 for the land and 472,000 for the acquisition of an adjacent 4,080 square foot warehouse facility
at 14 Wedge Way, which will be used for packing, shipping and cold storage of Re-Tain and other warehousing needs.
(See PROJECT G , below). 

PROJECT C consisted of significant renovations
to a 14,300 square foot leased facility at 175 Industrial Way, some facility modifications at 56 Evergreen Drive and the necessary production
equipment (including freeze-dryer #3) to increase the annual production capacity of the First Defense product line
(in terms of annual sales dollars) from approximately 16.5 million to approximately 23 million. This expansion involved a 50 increase
in our freeze-drying equipment and a 100 increase in our liquid processing capacity. Renovations to our leased facility at 175 Industrial
Way to enable this expansion were completed during the second quarter of 2020. By moving our powder and gel filling and assembly services
from 56 Evergreen Drive into this new space at 175 Industrial Way, we created space at 56 Evergreen Drive for the installation of the
expanded freeze-drying capacity. The new facilities are built to contemporary cGMP standards with good material and people flows. A site
license approval for this new facility at 175 Industrial Way was issued by the USDA during the third quarter of 2020. During the second
quarter of 2021, we completed the relocation of our gel formulation equipment from 56 Evergreen Drive to 175 Industrial Way, which created
the space necessary to double our liquid processing capacity at 56 Evergreen Drive. We obtained site license approval of the expanded
freeze-drying capacity at 56 Evergreen Drive from the USDA during the third quarter of 2021, and we obtained site license approval of
the expanded liquid processing capacity at 56 Evergreen Drive from the USDA during the third quarter of 2022. As part of this investment,
we also made the facility modifications at 56 Evergreen Drive to create the space necessary to expand our freeze-drying equipment (including
freeze-dryer #4) by an additional 33 , which would increase our annual production capacity from approximately 23 million to approximately
 30 million or more (together with the work involved in PROJECT F discussed below). 

23 

ImmuCell Corporation 

PROJECT D is a 4 million budgeted investment
to bring the formulation and aseptic filling capabilities for Re-Tain Drug Product into available space in our
Drug Substance facility to end our reliance on third-party Drug Product manufacturing services. We began initial equipment installation
during the first quarter of 2022. We have presently paused this installation work pending concurrence with the FDA pertaining to our third
submission of the CMC Technical Section, which is discussed in greater detail below. Due to the loss in gross margin during the first
quarter of 2023 caused by the slowdown in production output necessary to remediate a product contamination event, we have decided to defer
spending of approximately 42 of these funds for the time being. We anticipate FDA approval of this facility (which is a requirement for
commercial manufacturing) during 2025 if we resume spending on this project in the coming months. 

During 2021, we initiated three more capital
expenditure investments, and during the second quarter of 2022, we initiated one additional capital expenditure investment, as described
in the following table (in thousands): 

Cash Paid on Projects Initiated During 2021 or After During the 

E 
 F 
 G 
 H 
 Total 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 452 
 296 
 282 
 
 1,030 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 213 
 661 
 1,904 
 33 
 2,811 
 
 Total Paid through December 31, 2022 
 665 
 957 
 2,186 
 33 
 3,841 
 
 Estimate to Complete 
 85 
 
 888 
 4,367 
 5,340 
 
 Total Project Cost 
 750 
 957 
 3,074 
 4,400 
 9,181 

PROJECT E represents a 750,000 budget
for equipment and vehicle investments necessary to expand and improve our colostrum collection capabilities and logistics. We largely
completed this investment during 2022 but have left the project open as we are considering the need to purchase an additional farm truck. 

PROJECT F included installation of freeze-dryer
#4 for 957,000 to further increase the annual production capacity of the First Defense product line (in terms
of annual sales dollars) from approximately 23 million to approximately 30 million or more. We initiated PROJECT F during the
third quarter of 2021. Due to supply disruptions affecting key components and equipment, this investment was not completed until the end
of 2022. 

PROJECT
G represents an increased budget estimate of 3,000,000 (from the previous budget estimate of 2,840,000). Of this total, approximately
 2,325,000 is for equipment and facility modifications to scale-up and upgrade our vaccine manufacturing capacity, improve our quality
laboratories and install new equipment for our gel filling operations and approximately 675,000 is to build packing and shipping facilities
for Re-Tain at 14 Wedge Way. This investment includes automation of our gel filling operations as part of our strategy
to increase our annual production capacity for the First Defense 
product line (in terms of annual sales dollars) to approximately 30 million. This investment is running approximately 74,000 over its
increased budget amount of 3,000,000. 

PROJECT H represents a new investment
in building modifications and equipment to further increase our annual First Defense production capacity from approximately
 30 million to approximately 40 million with options for further expansion. Given the long lead time required for investments like this,
during 2022 we initiated this project by entering into a lease during the third quarter of 2022 covering a to-be-constructed 15,400 square
foot building shell at 165 Industrial Way for approximately 250,000 per year, which operating cost is not included in the capital expenditure
table above. We anticipate a lease commencement date (after the landlord completes construction of the building shell) during the second
quarter of 2023. We made this lease commitment because of the unique proximity of the land adjacent to our currently leased space at 175
Industrial Way and the high level of demand for properties of this type in the Portland market. We did not want to risk losing this opportunity
to others. The anticipated benefits to us from this new lease include: i) space for the potential to install freeze-dryers #5, #6, #7
and #8 if justified by market demand in the future, ii) improved space and quality for our powder milling operations by separating our
upstream processes (liquid processing) at 56 Evergreen Drive from our clean downstream processes (milling, formulation, filling and packaging)
and iii) much needed additional warehouse space. Freeze-dryer #5 is the key piece of equipment required to allow us to increase our annual
production capacity to approximately 40 million. Based on past experience, we are planning for approximately 18 to 24 months of lead
time for fabrication, installation, qualification and implementation of freeze-dryer #5. We have been running our equipment and staff
near to 100 of capacity over the last couple of years in order to fill the backlog of orders. One of the objectives of PROJECT H 
is to create a more sustainable production schedule. Due to the loss in gross margin during the first quarter of 2023 caused by the slowdown
in production output necessary to remediate a product contamination event, we have decided to defer, for the time being, approximately
95 of this investment. 

24 

ImmuCell Corporation 

We have been investing (and continue to invest)
significantly in equipment, infrastructure and operating expenses to increase our annual production capacity from approximately 16.5
million to approximately 30 million. Increased labor and other upfront costs were necessary to benefit from the scale-up of our production
output going forward. These investments have been (and are being) made to fulfill the current backlog and then materially reduce the risk
of another order backlog. We have been operating at very close to 100 of available capacity recently, which is not efficient or sustainable.
Going forward, we will be in a position to operate at the capacity level we choose to cover sales with adequate buffer stock. This allows
more time for necessary preventative maintenance and redundancy for when equipment failures occur. At the same time, we have been investing
(and continue to invest) in capital expenditures necessary to manufacture Re-Tain at commercial scale and to cease
our reliance on aseptic filling contractor services. The table below summarizes the investment made and to be made under PROJECT A 
to PROJECT H by product (in thousands): 

Product 
 Paid Through December 31, 2022 
 Estimate to Complete 
 Total 
 
 First Defense 
 11,663 
 4,701 (1) 
 16,364 
 
 Re-Tain 
 23,989 
 2,326 
 26,315 
 
 Total 
 35,652 
 7,027 
 42,679 

(1) The
investment of approximately 4,200,000 of these funds has been deferred for the time being. 

In addition to the specific projects listed above,
our budget for routine and miscellaneous capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 825,000. We spent approximately
 34,000 more than this budget amount during 2022, and we expect to spend approximately 97,000 during 2023 to complete these miscellaneous
expenditures from the 2022 budget. These routine and miscellaneous capital expenditures amounted to 260,000, 554,000 and 574,000 during
the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The spend on this budget category during 2021 was lower than expected,
and, as a result, the spend during 2022 was higher than the historical norm. The budget for these miscellaneous capital expenditures during
2023 is 1,000,000. Due to the loss in gross margin during the first quarter of 2023 caused by the slowdown in production output necessary
to remediate a product contamination event, we have decided to reduce spending on these routine and miscellaneous capital expenditures
by 50 for the time being. 

During the third quarter of 2016, the City of
Portland approved a Tax Increment Financing (TIF) credit enhancement package that reduces the real estate taxes on our Drug Substance
production facility for Re-Tain by 65 over the eleven-year period beginning on July 1, 2017 and ending June 30,
2028 and by 30 during the year ending June 30, 2029, at which time the rebate expires. During the second quarter of 2017, the TIF was
approved by the Maine Department of Economic and Community Development. The value of the tax savings will increase (decrease) in proportion
to any increases (decreases) in the assessment of the building for city real estate tax purposes or the City s tax rate. The following
table discloses how much of the new taxes we have generated is being relieved by the TIF and how much is being paid by ImmuCell: 

Assessed Value 
 Twelve-Month Period Ended 
 Total New 
Taxes 
 Generated 
by the 
 Project 
 Less: TIF Credit 
 Net Amount Paid by ImmuCell 
 
 1.7 million @ April 1, 2017 
 June 30, 2018 
 36,000 
 22,000 
 13,000 
 
 4.0 million @ April 1, 2018 
 June 30, 2019 
 90,000 
 58,000 
 32,000 
 
 4.0 million @ April 1, 2019 
 June 30, 2020 
 94,000 
 60,000 
 34,000 
 
 4.0 million @ April 1, 2020 
 June 30, 2021 
 94,000 
 60,000 
 34,000 
 
 4.3 million @ April 1, 2021 
 June 30, 2022 
 55,000 
 36,000 
 20,000 
 
 4.3 million @ April 1, 2022 
 June 30, 2023 
 58,000 
 37,000 
 21,000 

Results of Operations 

Business Segments 

As detailed
in Note 17, Segment Information , to the accompanying audited financial statements, we operate in two business segments.
The Scours segment is dedicated to manufacturing and selling First
Defense , a product used to prevent scours in newborn calves, which is regulated
by the USDA. The Mastitis segment is focused on developing and commercializing Re-Tain ,
a product to treat subclinical mastitis in lactating dairy cows, which is regulated by the FDA. 

25 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Product Sales 

Through continued growth in sales of the First
Defense product line, and as additional resources are dedicated to production, sales, marketing and technical services,
it is our objective to exceed our total product sales of approximately 19 million achieved during the year ended December 31, 2022 as
soon as possible. Our longer-term goal is to exceed 35 million of annual total product sales as soon as possible during the five-year
period after the market launch of Re-Tain . We
do not solely benchmark our sales expectations off trailing twelve-month sales results. Instead, we look at the sales of competitive products
to assess the size of the addressable market and plan for growth when projecting our future production capacity needs. 

Sales decreased by 4 , or 675,000, to 18.6
million during the year ended December 31, 2022, in comparison to 19.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Domestic sales
during the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 2 , and international sales decreased by 41 , in comparison to the year ended December
31, 2021. International sales aggregated 8 and 14 of total sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
annual sales results are summarized in the following table (in thousands, except for percentages): 

During the Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

Total product sales 
 18,568 
 19,243 
 (675 
 (4 

Sales of the First Defense 
product line aggregated 99 and 98 of our total sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our sales are
seasonal with highest sales expected during the first quarter of each year. Most of our growth (when not limited by backlog) is being
realized through increased demand and a deliberate strategy to prioritize production capacity towards Tri-Shield First Defense 
(the trivalent format of our product delivered via a gel tube), which provides broader protection to calves. The compound annual growth
rate (CAGR) of our total product sales was 12.4 , 14.0 and 10.6 during the eleven-year, four-year, and three-year periods ended December
31, 2022, respectively. 

Valuation of the backlog is a non-GAAP estimate
that is based on purchase orders on hand at the time that could not be met because of a lack of available inventory. Quantification of
the backlog during the current periods has become far less comparable to prior periods. At times, customers have placed orders for more
than a month s worth of their demand, perhaps in reaction to our ongoing backlog situation, whereas in the past they ordered more
closely in line with their current demand. The backlog was reduced from approximately 2.4 million as of December 31, 2021 to approximately
 205,000 as of September 30, 2022. We had adequate finished goods inventory to ship most of this backlog during the third quarter, but
the product was held for cold shipping on the first Monday of October. In part because of a first contamination event experienced around
the end of the third quarter of 2022, our backlog increased to approximately 2.5 million as of December 31, 2022. In part because of
a second contamination event experienced during the first quarter of 2023, the backlog increased further to approximately 8 million as
of March 10, 2023. We are reporting this figure because it does reflect the orders on our books presently that we cannot ship. However,
we do not believe this backlog is highly relevant anymore as it includes very old orders, redundancy in demand and orders that may be
cancelled. We likely lost some business during 2022 as a result of the backlog. Our inability to timely meet the needs of our customers
could result in the loss of some customers who seek alternative scours management products during this period of short supply and who
may not resume purchasing our product when we have eliminated the backlog. While
we worked to allocate product directly to certain large customers during this period of short supply, we likely lost some customers that
could not access product. While backlog is a better problem to have than seeing product expiring on our shelves, it is nonetheless a significant
challenge when we do not get our customers everything that they want. Our sales team is preparing to resume more normal sales growth initiatives
with more inventory becoming available later in 2023. We will work to regain customers that we may have lost while we were short on product
and will aggressively compete for new business. As we emerge from an extended period of time on backlog, we anticipate higher than normal
sales fluctuations quarter to quarter. What is most important to us at this time is that we achieve sales growth over the longer periods
of time, even if we experience some quarter-to-quarter fluctuations. 

A supply disruption pertaining to needed plastic
syringes used in our gel product format resulted in the drop in sales during the second quarter of 2022. This supply disruption was resolved
during the third quarter of 2022. The significant global supply-chain disruptions that almost all industries are experiencing presently
are a challenge to us and contribute to our order backlog. Prices for raw materials and critical supplies are increasing significantly,
and it is becoming increasingly more difficult to obtain timely delivery of the orders that we place. Therefore, we have little choice
but to pay the higher prices and try to take on more months of supply than we would have held previously if we could get our orders fulfilled
timely. 

Effective January 1, 2023, we increased our selling
price of the First Defense product line by approximately
3 (range of 2 to 4 and CMT by approximately 5 . Effective January 1, 2022, we increased our selling price of the First Defense 
 product line by approximately 5 and CMT by approximately 7 . Effective January 1, 2021, we increased our selling
price of the First Defense product line in the
domestic market by approximately 1.6 to 3 , depending on product format, and we increased our selling price of CMT by almost 4 . 

26 

ImmuCell Corporation 

We acquired a private label product (our second
leading source of product sales during 2021) in connection with our January 2016 acquisition of certain gel formulation technology. This
product was discontinued during the first quarter of 2022 because it was not a significant contributor to our total sales and it competed
for valuable time and space in our production schedule. We sell our own CMT (our third leading source of product sales during 2021),
which is used to detect somatic cell counts in milk. Sales of these products (other than the First Defense product
line) decreased by approximately 50 , or 154,000, to 156,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, in comparison to the year ended
December 31, 2021. Sales of these other products aggregated approximately 1 and 2 of our total product sales during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Gross Margin 

The change in our gross margin (product sales
less costs of goods sold) and our gross margin as a percentage of product sales are summarized in the following table (in thousands, except
for percentages): 

During the Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 (Decrease) 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

Gross margin 
 7,649 
 8,656 
 (1,007 
 (12 
 
 Percent of product sales 
 41 
 45 
 (4 
 (8 

The gross margin as a percentage of product sales
was 41 , 45 , 45 , 49 , 47 and 50 during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The gross
margin during the year ended December 31, 2022 was significantly less than what we have experienced historically and significantly less
than what we anticipate going forward. We experienced several product contamination events that resulted in scrap during 2022. This resulted
in a total charge to costs of goods sold of approximately 588,000. Although these types of losses are expected to happen from time to
time in the production of a biological product such as ours, we believe we can mitigate the risk of reoccurrence of such losses through
the implementation of certain processes and facility improvements. Absent this contamination write-off, our gross margin as a percentage
of product sales would have been approximately 44 during the year ended December 31, 2022. While our biological and process yields can
be variable, we have seen a favorable improvement to our finished goods yield recently. The costs of our supplies, components, raw materials,
and services increased significantly during 2021 and that trend has continued. The Tri-Shield 
product format is more complex (i.e., three antibodies versus two antibodies for Dual-Force making it more costly to produce, and both the bivalent and trivalent gel product formats are more expensive to produce than the bolus
format. These new formats are creating sales growth for us, and we are focused on increasing total gross margin dollars, even if that
is accomplished with a lower gross margin as a percentage of sales. A number of other factors contribute to the variability in our costs,
resulting in some fluctuations in gross margin percentages from quarter to quarter and from year to year. Like most U.S. manufacturers,
we have also been experiencing increases in the cost of labor and raw materials. We also invest to sustain compliance with current Good
Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) in our production processes. Increasing production can be more expensive in the initial stages. To achieve
our inventory production growth objectives, we are acquiring more raw material (colostrum) from many more cows at many new farms. During
this expansion phase, colostrum quality can be more variable. Additionally, the biological yields from our raw material are always variable,
which impacts our costs of goods sold in a similar way. Just as our customers cows respond differently to commercial dam-level
vaccines, depending on time of year and immune competency, our source cows have similar biological variances in response to our proprietary
vaccines. As is the case with any vaccine program, animals respond less effectively to their first exposure to a new vaccine, and thereafter
the effectiveness of their immune response improves in response to subsequent immunizations. While this variability impacts our costs
of producing inventory, the commercial value of our First Defense product line is that we compensate for the variability
in a cow s immune response by standardizing each dose of finished product. This ensures that every calf is equally protected, which
is something that dam-level commercial scours vaccines cannot offer. We continue to work on processing and yield improvements and other
opportunities to reduce costs, while enhancing process knowledge and robustness. Over time, we have been able to reduce the impact of
cost increases by implementing yield improvements. We believe that gross margin results should be viewed over longer periods of time than
just one quarter. As we fully integrate and utilize our increased capacity and evaluate our product costs and selling price, one of our
goals is to achieve a gross margin (before related depreciation and amortization expenses) as a percentage of total sales approaching
50 . 

Product Development Expenses and Strategy 

Overview :
The majority of our product development expenses pertain to the development of Re-Tain . During the year ended
December 31, 2022, product development expenses increased by approximately 325,000 to approximately 4.5 million in comparison to
the approximately 4.2 million during year ended December 31, 2021. Product development expenses aggregated 24 and 22 of product
sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Product development expenses included approximately 1.4
million and 1.5 million of non-cash depreciation and stock-based compensation expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. We expect our product development expenses to decrease after Re-Tain is commercialized
and some of the costs incurred to maintain and run our Drug Substance production facility become part of our costs of goods
sold. 

27 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Development objective : As
we work to revolutionize the way that mastitis is managed in the dairy industry, we aim to demonstrate that our bacteriocin, Nisin A,
which is designed specifically for subclinical mastitis, can provide producers the freedom to change when and how mastitis is treated.
 Re-Tain is not a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in human health. Rather, it consists of a highly targeted active
ingredient without a milk discard or meat withhold requirement. While milk prices vary, the cost of the milk discard associated with
traditional antibiotics ranges from approximately 46.12 (for 3.5 days of milk at 60 pounds per day at the Class III milk price average
of 21.96 per hundredweight during 2022) to 193.25 (for 11 days of milk at 80 pounds per day at the Class III milk price average of
 21.96 per hundredweight during 2022) per treated animal. These high milk discard costs associated with traditional antibiotic treatments
lead producers to only treat mastitis after clinical signs develop. We expect that Re-Tain will be a first-of-its-kind
product that can be used to economically treat at the earliest stage of infection, giving producers the ability to get ahead of mastitis
before clinical signs develop so the best cows stay at their best performance level and in the herd longer. The final and most critical
development objective for Re-Tain is to scale-up and achieve regulatory approval of our manufacturing operations. 

Development status :
Approval by the Center for Veterinary Medicine, U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of the New Animal Drug Application (NADA) for
 Re-Tain is required before any sales of the product can be initiated. The NADA is comprised of five principal
Technical Sections plus a sixty-day administrative review at the end. Each Technical Section can be reviewed and approved separately.
By statute, each Technical Section submission is generally subject to one or more six-month review cycles by the FDA. Upon review and
assessment by the FDA that all requirements for a Technical Section have been met, the FDA may issue a Technical Section Complete Letter.
The current status of our work on these submissions to the FDA is as follows: 

1) Environmental
Impact: During the third quarter of 2008, we received the Environmental Impact Technical Section Complete Letter from the FDA. During
the second quarter of 2021, we received further clarification through a new Environmental Impact Technical Section Complete Letter covering
the current dosage regimen and labeling. 

2) Target
Animal Safety: During the second quarter of 2012, we received the Target Animal Safety Technical Section Complete Letter from the FDA. 

3) Effectiveness:
During the third quarter of 2012, we received the Effectiveness Technical Section Complete Letter from the FDA. The anticipated product
label (which remains subject to FDA approval) carries claims for the treatment of subclinical mastitis associated with Streptococcus
agalactiae , Streptococcus dysgalactiae , Streptococcus uberis , and coagulase-negative
staphylococci in lactating dairy cattle. 

4) Human
Food Safety: During the third quarter of 2018, we received the Human Food Safety Technical Section Complete Letter from the FDA confirming,
among other things, a zero milk discard period and a zero meat withhold period during and after treatment with our product. Achieving
this critical differentiating feature for our product encouraged us to continue the significant product development investment necessary
to bring Re-Tain to market. It would have been hard to justify an
ongoing investment of this nature in a product without this significant competitive advantage. During the second quarter of 2021, we updated
this Technical Section Complete Letter with FDA approval of the official analytical method to measure Nisin in milk. 

5) Chemistry,
Manufacturing and Controls (CMC): The CMC Technical Section is very complex and comprehensive. Having previously achieved the four different
Technical Section Complete Letters from the FDA discussed above, approval of the CMC Technical Section is the fifth and final significant
step required before Re-Tain product sales can be initiated in the
United States. Implementing Nisin Drug Substance (the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or DS) production, which is a required component
of the CMC Technical Section, has been the most expensive and lengthy part of this project. We previously entered into an agreement with
a multi-national pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturer for our commercial-scale supplies of DS. However, we determined during 2014 that
the agreement did not offer us the most advantageous supply arrangement in terms of either cost or long-term dependability. As a result,
we presented this product development opportunity to a variety of large and small animal health companies. While such a corporate partnership
could have provided access to a much larger sales and marketing team and allowed us to avoid the large investment in a commercial-scale
production facility, we concluded that a partner would have taken an unduly large share of the gross margin from all future product sales
of Re-Tain . However, the regulatory and marketing feedback that
we received from prospective partners, following their due diligence, was positive. During the third quarter of 2014, we completed an
investment in facility modifications and processing equipment necessary to produce our DS at small-scale at our 56 Evergreen Drive facility.
This small-scale facility was used to: i) expand our process knowledge and controls, ii) establish operating ranges for critical process
parameters, iii) conduct product stability studies, iv) optimize process yields and v) verify the cost of production. We believe these
efforts have reduced the risks associated with our investment in the commercial-scale DS production facility. Having raised equity during
2016 and 2017, we were able to move away from these earlier partnering strategies and assume control over the commercial-scale manufacturing
process in our own facility. During the fourth quarter of 2015, we acquired land near our existing Portland facility for the construction
of a new commercial-scale DS production facility. We commenced construction of this facility during the third quarter of 2016 and completed
construction during the fourth quarter of 2017. Equipment installation and qualification was initiated during the third quarter of 2017
and completed during the third quarter of 2018. Total construction and equipment costs aggregated approximately 20.8 million. With construction
of the facility complete, we continue to work with outside parties to investigate improvements to our DS production yields as well as
potential efficacy enhancements. 

28 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Under
the FDA s phased submission process, we made a first-phased submission covering just the DS during the first quarter of 2019. The
first-phased DS submission included data from the DS Registration Batches produced at commercial scale in our new DS manufacturing facility.
This first-phased submission was followed by a second-phased submission covering both the DS and the formulated Drug Product (DP), during
the first quarter of 2021. This two-phased submission process allowed us to respond to identified queries and/or deficiencies from the
first-phased DS submission at the time of the second-phased combined DS and DP submission. The second-phased DS and DP submission responded
to comments raised by the FDA regarding the first-phased DS submission and included detailed information about the manufacturing process
and controls for DP. One of the key components of the second-phased DS and DP submission was also demonstrating stability of the product
through expiry. During the third quarter of 2021, the FDA issued a Technical Section Incomplete Letter with regard to this second-phased
DS and DP submission. This response was not unexpected as it is common for the FDA to issue queries and comments, especially related to
an aseptic DP submission with associated sterilization validation information. We made a second submission of the DS and DP Technical
Section during the first quarter of 2022. During the third quarter of 2022, we received a Technical Section Incomplete Letter from the
FDA with regards to this second DS and DP submission of the CMC Technical Section. We have been working diligently to make this third
submission during the first quarter of 2023. As previously disclosed, the submission requires that external laboratories complete several
critical path items regarding our analytical testing. While we have made significant progress in addressing these issues, we are still
reliant on the work of others to finalize the submission. To that end, we are adding another month to our timeline to complete the analysis
and, in our view, optimize the submission rather than forcing the submission to achieve a self-imposed first quarter deadline. We intend
to make a brief public disclosure after this submission has been made. The principal issue remaining is a successful pre-approval re-inspection
of our manufacturing facility. We are completing preparations for such and intend to notify the FDA of our readiness for the pre-approval
re-inspection as part of our third submission. Continued focus on these preparations is critical to a successful pre-approval re-inspection
outcome. We expect a response from the FDA to this submission after the statutory six-month review period. If the FDA issues a Technical
Section Complete Letter in response to this third submission, we believe that we could commence commercial sales around the end of 2023. 

While
being prudent with how much cash we invest into inventory that would have short expiry dating if market launch is delayed, we have built
and are building more DS inventory during 2022 and 2023 to bridge the transition between DP supply from our contract manufacturer to our
own in-house services. Our contract manufacturer has agreed to convert this DS to DP during the middle of 2023 with associated product
expirations during the middle of 2025. This inventory must support the market needs and have sufficient dating to bridge the transition
from our contract manufacturing agreement to when our in-house DP production is approved by the FDA. We must consider short expiry dating
in the event that our NADA approval is delayed as well as manage the number of new customers we obtain at launch in order to minimize
potential supply disruptions. 

Our DS
manufacturing facility and that of our DP contract manufacturer (and our future DP manufacturing facility) are subject to ongoing FDA
inspections. During the third quarter of 2019, the FDA conducted a pre-approval inspection of our DS facility. This resulted in the issuance
of certain deficiencies as identified on the FDA s Form 483. We submitted responses and data summaries in a phased manner over the
fourth quarter of 2019 and first quarter of 2020. During the first quarter of 2022, the FDA conducted another pre-approval inspection
of our DS facility. This also resulted in the issuance of certain deficiencies as identified on the FDA s Form 483. We have since
responded to all of the queries and are preparing for a re-inspection, which will likely take place during the six-month review period
for our third submission of the CMC Technical Section. This inspection process has been managed without significant cost. 

We have
always believed that the fastest route to FDA approval and market launch is with the services of Norbrook Laboratories Limited of Newry,
Northern Ireland (an FDA-approved DP manufacturer) (Norbrook), reducing our risk by benefiting from their demonstrated expertise in aseptic
filling. From 2010 to the present, we have worked with Norbrook under several amended contract manufacturing agreements covering the DP
formulation, aseptic filling and final packaging services. Under our current agreement, Norbrook has agreed to provide the formulation,
aseptic filling and final packaging services as required in order for us to submit the CMC Technical Section to the FDA and to provide
a supply of product during the second half of 2023 that we believe will enable us to commence sales of Re-Tain 
 without delay upon receipt of the anticipated FDA approval and provide us with a supply bridge until
our own formulation and aseptic filling capacity is available, which is anticipated during 2025 (see discussion of PROJECT D above).
DP produced under this agreement during the second half of 2023 is expected to have expiry dating during the second half of 2025. 

29 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Our potential
alternative third-party options for the formulation and aseptic filling services that are presently being performed by Norbrook are narrowed
considerably because our product cannot be formulated or filled in a facility that also processes traditional antibiotics (i.e., beta
lactams). Consequently, we have decided to perform these services internally (see discussion of PROJECT D above). We are investing
in the equipping and commencement of operations of our own DP formulation and aseptic filling facility. We began initial equipment installation
during the first quarter of 2022. Subject to the timing of our installation and validation work, we anticipate FDA approval of this facility
(which is a requirement for commercial manufacturing) during 2025, allowing for two six-month review cycles. This new facility will be
subject to FDA inspection and approval and will have enough formulation and aseptic filling capacity to exceed the expected production
capacity of our DS facility, which is at least 10 million in annual sales. This production capacity estimate is based on our assumptions
as to product pricing and does not yet reflect inventory build strategies in advance of product approval or ongoing yield improvement
initiatives. Establishing our own DP formulation and aseptic filling capability provides us with the longer-term advantage of controlling
the manufacturing process for Re-Tain in one facility, thereby potentially
reducing our manufacturing costs and eliminating international cold chain shipping logistics and costs. The DP formulation and aseptic
filling operation will be located in existing facility space that we had intended to utilize to double our DS production capacity if warranted
by sales volumes following market launch. As a result, we would need to explore alternative strategies (in parallel with ongoing DS yield
improvement initiatives) to expand our DS production capacity. This integrated manufacturing capability for Re-Tain 
 will substantially reduce our dependence on third parties. Upon completion of our formulation and aseptic
filling facility, the only significant third-party input for Re-Tain will
be the DP syringes. It is anticipated that Hubert De Backer of Belgium (HDB) will supply these syringes in accordance with purchase orders
that we submit. HDB is a syringe supplier for many of the largest participants in the human and veterinary medical industries, and with
whom Norbrook presently works. Based on HDB s performance history and reputation in the industry, we are confident that HDB will
be a dependable supplier of syringes in the quantity and of the quality needed for Re-Tain .

Other product development initiatives :
Our second most important product development initiative has been focused on other improvements, extensions or additions to our First
Defense product line. We are currently working to establish USDA claims for our bivalent bulk powder formulation
of First Defense Technology . Subject to the availability of resources, we intend to begin new development projects
that are aligned with our core competencies and market focus. We also remain interested in acquiring, on suitable terms, other new products
and technologies that fit with our sales focus on the dairy and beef industries, subject to the availability of the needed funding. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses and Selling Strategy 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, sales
and marketing expenses increased by approximately 27 , or 686,000, to 3.2 million in comparison to 2.5 million during the year ended
December 31, 2021, amounting to 17 and 13 of product sales during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales and
marketing expenses included approximately 158,000 and 70,000 of non-cash depreciation and stock-based compensation expenses during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our budgetary guideline for 2023 and after is to keep these expenses under 20 of
total sales. We continue to leverage the efforts of our small sales force by using animal health distributors. 

We
see ourselves as the non-pharma pharma company. Rather than offering variations of copy-cat technology like
vaccines and antibiotics, we have taken the path less traveled by developing first-of-their kind products fueled by novel active ingredients
such as polyclonal antibodies (for First Defense and bacteriocins (for Re-Tain ).
While we expect that Re-Tain 
could be a significant market disrupter, we project the First Defense market could be larger, especially during
the first years of the commercial launch of Re-Tain .
We anticipate that these category developing innovations will drive greater value for the livestock industry and, in turn, for our stockholders.

The First Defense product
line serves dairy and beef producers by protecting their calf crop from scours, the leading cause of pre-weaning mortality and morbidity.
When calves are healthy during this crucial development period, they mature into more productive milking cows and more efficient beef
generators. Our primary competition in this category is vaccines that are also regulated for effectiveness and safety by the USDA. However,
vaccine results are inherently variable. COVID breakthrough infections in humans have reminded us that a vaccine does not guarantee immunity.
That is true for our competitors as well. In the most controlled research settings, only 80 of animals respond to a vaccine. This leaves
20 of the calf crop unprotected when the scour prevention program relies on scour vaccines. Those unprotected calves can be disease carriers.
Not only are they more susceptible to death or likely to require life-saving treatment (sometimes with antibiotics), but they also shed
pathogens into the environment creating a greater disease pressure for their herd mates. The First Defense product
line removes the inconsistency inherent with vaccine protection. We sell the only USDA-licensed products in the scour prevention category
that are therapeutic polyclonal antibodies. This technology eliminates a producer s reliance on a variable vaccine response to generate
antibodies and, instead, can protect every calf equally with a measured dose of antibody-driven immunity against both bacterial and viral
scour pathogens. 

In this space, we treat more calves than our
competitors where products are primarily vaccines administered directly to the calf at birth, and we are second in sales dollars to the
market leader within the dam-level competitor category, which constitutes vaccines given to the cow pre-calving. Despite these successes,
there remains significant opportunity to displace more competition within North America. There is also opportunity to grow our sales by
expanding into international markets. We are being strategic in how we invest in international market development in order not to divert
our limited resources away from achieving domestic growth, which is often more efficient to obtain. 

30 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Our expanded sales and marketing team has proven
to be a worthy investment, validating that our message resonates well with customers. Now that our increased production capacity is in
place, we anticipate being able to escalate our growth curve after we recover from the brand damage that can come with an extended duration
of short supply. Unfortunately, just after we largely eliminated the backlog of orders, we experienced several contamination events in
our production process around the end of the third quarter of 2022. This loss of inventory has returned us to a backlog situation until
we fill the pipeline with new inventory from our expanded production capacity in 2023. 

We believe that Re-Tain could
revolutionize the way that mastitis is managed by making earlier treatment of subclinical infections (while these cows are still producing
saleable milk) economically feasible by not requiring a milk discard or a meat withhold during, or for a period of time after, treatment.
No other FDA-approved mastitis treatment product on the market can offer this value proposition. We believe we can demonstrate a return
on investment to the dairy producer and the milk processor that will justify a premium over other mastitis treatments on the market today,
which are all sold subject to milk discard and meat withhold requirements. By creating this value for our customers, we believe we can,
in turn, create value for our stockholders. 

Re-Tain could increase the
lifetime profitability of a cow and reduce disease transfer to herd mates. It is common practice to move sick cows from their regular
herd group to a sick cow group for treatment and the related milk discard. This movement causes stress on the cow and a reduction in milk
production. While practices may vary farm-to-farm, there would be no requirement to move cows treated with our product, allowing this
costly drop in production to be avoided. It is generally current practice to treat mastitis only when the disease has progressed to the
clinical stage where the milk from an infected cow cannot be sold, leaving most subclinically infected cows untreated. Without a milk
discard cost, we expect producers to be more motivated to identify and treat cows at the subclinical stage. This creates a substantial
animal welfare benefit. By treating mastitis early at the subclinical level, producers could preserve optimal milk yields. We also know
that animals infected with subclinical mastitis have higher abortion rates and often progress to the clinical disease state requiring
antibiotic treatment and milk discard. We believe that societal animal welfare objectives will put more and more pressure on the industry
to treat cows with subclinical infections. 

The over-use of antibiotics that are medically
important to human healthcare is a growing public health concern of our society and an active issue with the FDA, largely because of the
growing evidence that this over-use contributes to antibiotic resistance and the rise of super-bugs . Sustainability objectives
require that less antibiotics be used in food producing animals, yet a new FDA-approved drug to treat mastitis has not been developed
in years. Our product improves sustainability by utilizing a bacteriocin as an alternative to traditional antibiotics that are used in
human medicine. In the big picture, we are introducing an entirely new class of antimicrobial as an animal drug, a bacteriocin, that does
not promote resistance against antibiotics used in human medicine making it more socially responsible. The industry could keep treating
this very significant disease with traditional antibiotics, but it takes innovation to bring a bacteriocin like Nisin to market. Re-Tain 
would, when introduced, offer a needed alternative to these traditional antibiotics, while at the same time improving milk quality and
the quantity of milk produced by treated cows. We believe our product fits very well with where the industry is going to be in the coming
years. As the great NHL hockey player, Wayne Gretzky, is known to have said, I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where
it has been. This is motivational to us. 

As
with all new products, the market determines the value. Our objective is to gain market acceptance of this new product concept as we develop
a new product category. Despite our product s exciting benefits, it will take time to change this longstanding treatment 
paradigm and develop this new market. It will take time for the market to understand, evaluate, implement and adapt to the use and benefits
of Re-Tain . Based
on consultations with industry experts and key opinion leaders, we have opted to carefully control the launch of this novel product over
the first eighteen to twenty-four months after FDA approval, as we seek to transform the way that mastitis is treated in the dairy industry
over the long term. Our goal is to help early adopters select treatment candidates, develop easy to use protocols, optimize treatment
results and realize a positive return on their investment. We intend to limit initial distribution of Re-Tain to
a level that enables our sales team to select the optimal dairy farms at which to introduce Re-Tain and to limit
the initial numbers of participating farms so that the desired levels of support and guidance relating to effective usage of Re-Tain 
 can be provided with our available resources. Our overarching objective is to minimize the risk of early stage unsatisfactory
outcomes that could harm the longer term prospects and market acceptance of Re-Tain . This strategy also reduces
the amount of inventory that we would need to build at risk before regulatory approval is achieved, and it reduces the amount of cash
we would need to spend to purchase inventory from our contract manufacturer before our in-house aseptic filling services are approved
by the FDA. This strategic choice means that we have elected not to pursue an alternative strategy that might have maximized short-term,
initial sales quickly through a mass market approach where we provide product to distribution and let them sell it to as many farms as
possible. While we are dedicated to increasing our sales revenue, we must consider the damage a mass market strategy could cause to the
long-term value of the product. We have seen products sold by much larger companies that were substantially damaged by such failed market
launch strategies. We continue to develop detailed launch plans, focusing on the readiness of dairy operators to successfully introduce
 Re-Tain to their herds. We believe that these prudent steps, while potentially leading to lower initial Re-Tain 
revenues, may create a smooth and successful launch and could safeguard the longer term performance of our investment in Re-Tain .
We also believe that the operational adjustments and accommodations that dairy farmers will need to make to effectively use Re-Tain 
and avoid the potential problems described under PART I: ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS , Product Risks , to this Annual
Report will not be so burdensome as to deter its adoption and usage. Our overarching objective is to minimize the risk of early-stage
unsatisfactory outcomes that could harm the longer-term prospects and market acceptance of Re-Tain . 

31 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

It
is difficult to accurately estimate the potential size of the subclinical mastitis market because presently this disease is largely left
untreated. We believe that approximately 20 to 40 of the U.S. dairy herd is infected with subclinical mastitis at any given time. This
compares to approximately 2 of the U.S. herd that is thought to be infected with clinical mastitis, where approximately 60 million per
year is spent on drug treatments. Rarely is an industry revolutionized overnight. Getting producers to change protocols to make subclinical
mastitis treatment a standard and routine procedure is going to take initiative, but we believe producers are eager for something new
and better since the FDA has not approved an intramammary treatment within the last 20 years. Similar market opportunities are
likely to exist outside the United States. We believe the use of Re-Tain could be expanded, with additional data
and regulatory approval, to support treatment late in lactation and possibly for clinical stage mastitis. We also believe there may be
a market for Re-Tain in small ruminants, where
the majority of mastitis cases are caused by strep-like organisms aligned with our effectiveness data. 

We expect the Drug Substance production facility
that we constructed for approximately 20.8 million to have initial annual production capacity sufficient to meet at least 10 million
in sales of Re-Tain at current production yields. This production capacity estimate does not yet reflect any inventory
build strategies or ongoing yield improvement initiatives. Expansion of the estimated annual capacity of the Drug Substance facility beyond
approximately 10 million (without factoring in potential yield improvements) would require relocation of the Drug Product formulation
and aseptic filling module to another facility, or the acquisition and equipping of other Drug Substance production facilities or adopting
alternative manufacturing strategies. 

In an effort to provide greater visibility into
the launch of Re-Tain , we have expanded Note 17, Segment Information , to the accompanying audited
financial statements to now display a break-out of our financial results among the following three components of our business: i) Scours,
ii) Mastitis and iii) Other. This will allow investors to see our progress with both products. We generally do not provide financial projections,
as we know such projections can prove to be materially inaccurate. However, in this case, we are providing a high-level projection for
 Re-Tain that under our controlled launch plan strategy, we estimate that we can achieve sales of approximately
 1 million in 2024 and then achieve approximately twice that in 2025. This assumes FDA approval is achieved and that product launch is
initiated around the end of 2023. If we are successful with this launch strategy, we would aim to grow this curve in 2026 and after. We
believe this strategy lends itself to a more gradual adoption curve but higher and more sustainable sales over the long-term. Actual sales
results will vary from these projections up or down. 

Administrative Expenses 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, administrative
expenses increased by 31 , or approximately 538,000, to 2.3 million in comparison to 1.7 million during the year ended December 31,
2021. The increase in administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was
largely the result of the accrual of approximately 222,000 in deferred compensation expense (consisting of earned and unused paid time
off) during the first quarter of 2022. Administrative expenses included approximately 148,000 and 122,000 of non-cash depreciation and
stock-based compensation expenses during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We strive to be efficient with these
expenses while funding costs associated with complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and all the legal, audit and other costs associated
with being a publicly-held company. Given the growth in our business, our administrative staff has increased to four talented individuals
reporting to our CEO. Prior to 2014, we had limited our investment in investor relations spending. Beginning in the second quarter of
2014, we initiated an investment in a more active investor relations program. Given travel restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic,
this initiative has pivoted to a virtual meeting format, which is less expensive. Having experienced this efficiency, it is our intent
to continue with the same strategy, for the most part, even as travel restrictions continue to be reduced. At the same time, we continue
to provide full disclosure of the status of our business and financial condition in three quarterly reports and one annual report each
year, as well as in Current Reports on Form 8-K when legally required or deemed appropriate by management. We believe these efforts have
helped us access the capital markets to fund our growth objectives. Considering inflation and all the necessary support services that
fit into this category, we believe that approximately 2 million to 2.5 million per year is an efficient budget goal to fund the administrative
expenses of a publicly-held company. 

Net Operating (Loss) Income 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our
net operating (loss) of 2.3) million was in contrast to net operating income of 257,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The
 1.5 million increase in operating expenses and the 1 million decrease in gross margin made up most of the 2.6 million increase in the
net operating loss. 

Other Expenses, net 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 other
expenses, net, aggregated 187,000 in comparison to other expenses, net, of 327,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest
expense increased to 349,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 314,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Non-cash
amortization of debt issuance costs (which is included as a component of interest expense) was 8,000 during both of the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. We anticipate that our interest expense will be approximately 352,000, 323,000 and 279,000 during the years
ending December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Interest income was 153,000
and 19,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. More interest income was earned during 2022 largely
because of a higher interest rate environment. The (gain) loss on disposal of property,
plant and equipment was approximately 7,000) and 31,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

32 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our
loss before income taxes was 2.5 million in comparison to a loss before income taxes of 69,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Income Taxes and Net Loss 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, we recorded income tax expense of 8,000 and 9,000, respectively, which is comprised of minimum state tax liabilities. Our net
loss of 2.5 million, or 0.32 per basic share, during the year ended December 31, 2022 was in comparison to a net loss of 78,000, or
 0.01 per basic share, during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

We have substantial net operating loss carryforwards
that largely offset our income tax expense. For tax return purposes only, our depreciation expense for the Nisin Drug Substance production
facility and equipment was approximately 425,000, 492,000, 464,000, 639,000, 9.2 million and 1.5 million for the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The significant increase during 2018 was largely related to accelerated depreciation
allowed for tax purposes. As of December 31, 2022, our federal net operating loss carryforward was approximately 15.5 million, which
will be available to offset future taxable income, subject to possible annual limitations based on ownership changes. On December 22,
2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law. This legislation makes significant changes in the U.S. tax laws, including a reduction
in the corporate tax rates, changes to net operating loss carryforwards and carrybacks, and a repeal of the corporate alternative minimum
tax. The legislation reduced the U.S. corporate tax rate from 34 to 21 . Our income tax rate differs from this statutory tax rate primarily
because we are currently providing for a full valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. While we are recording this full valuation
allowance, we are not recognizing the benefit of our tax losses. 

In addition to the results discussed above from
our Statements of Operations, we believe it is important to consider our Statements of Cash Flows in the accompanying audited financial
statements to assess the cash generating ability of our operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The financial statements are presented on the
basis of accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States. All professional accounting standards that were effective
and applicable to us as of December 31, 2022 have been taken into consideration in preparing the financial statements. The preparation
of financial statements requires that we make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including
those related to revenue recognition, income taxes, contingencies and the useful lives and carrying values of intangible and long-lived
assets. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have chosen to highlight
certain policies that we consider critical to the operations of our business and understanding our financial statements. 

We sell products that provide Immediate Immunity 
to newborn dairy and beef cattle. We recognize revenue in accordance with the five step model in ASC 606. These include the following:
i) identification of the contract with the customer, ii) identification of the performance obligations in the contract, iii) determination
of the transaction price, iv) allocation of the transaction price to the separate performance obligations in the contract and v) recognition
of revenue associated with performance obligations as they are satisfied. We recognize revenue at the time of shipment (including to distributors)
for substantially all products, as title and risk of loss pass to the customer on delivery to the common carrier after concluding that
collectability is reasonably assured. We do not bill for or collect sales tax because our sales are generally made to distributors and
thus our sales to them are not subject to sales tax. We generally have experienced an immaterial amount of product returns. 

Inventory includes raw materials, work-in-process
and finished goods and is recorded at the lower of cost, on the first-in, first-out method, or net realizable value (determined as the
estimated selling price in the normal course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation).
Work-in-process and finished goods inventories include materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. The assumptions used by management
to determine the cost of inventory and costs of goods sold involve a significant level of estimation and uncertainties that could have
a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations largely because of the variability of the costs per dose due to
fluctuations in the biological yield from production batch to batch. 

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK 

None 

33 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

ITEM 8 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our financial statements,
together with the notes thereto and the reports of the independent registered public accounting firms thereon, are set forth on Pages
F-1 through F-24 at the end of this report. The index to these financial statements is as follows: 

Report of Wipfli LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# F-1 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Statements of Operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Stockholders Equity during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-4 Statements of Cash Flows during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 to F-6 Notes to Audited Financial Statements F-7 to F-24 

ITEM
9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM 9A
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls
and Procedures : Our management, with the participation of the individual who serves as our principal executive and principal financial
officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, that
officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of that date. Disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i)
recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting : The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal controls
over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. This evaluation included a review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness
of controls, testing the operating effectiveness of the controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
internal control report was not subject to annual or quarterly attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report. 

Material Weakness
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting : Management assesses the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting at the end of each quarter. Based on this assessment, we concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of September 30, 2022, June 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, because we identified one material weakness in the operation
(but not the design) of our internal controls over financial reporting during the first quarter of 2022 and a second one during the third
quarter of 2022. First, we did not accrue 222,000 of deferred compensation expense (consisting of earned and unused paid time off) during
the first quarter of 2022, which impacted the amount of our administrative expenses, accrued expenses and the related disclosures. Second,
we did not properly account for the extension of our lease agreement at 175 Industrial Way, which would have understated the value of
our operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability by approximately 1,200,000 if the error had not been detected before
we issued our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2022. These errors had no
impact on our product sales or cash position. We do believe that the design of our internal controls is effective, but the operating
effectiveness was not. We have implemented some changes to our internal controls over financial reporting, including documenting the
accounting for all contractual obligations in excess of 50,000 with accounting complexities in written memorandums to be reviewed by
a public accounting firm who is not our auditor or by another relevant consultant when the issues are complex in nature. As a result,
we have concluded that these material weaknesses over internal controls have been remediated as of December 31, 2022. Based on management s
assessment, we believe that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Changes in Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting : Our principal executive and principal financial officer and our Director of Finance and Administration
periodically evaluate any change in internal control over financial reporting which has occurred during the prior fiscal quarter. We
have concluded that, with the exception of the enhanced internal control procedures discussed in the prior paragraph, there was no change
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three-month period or year ended December 31, 2022 that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM 9C
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None 

34 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Executive Officers of the Company 

Our executive officers as of March 10, 2023 were
as follows: 

MICHAEL F. BRIGHAM (Age: 62, Officer since
1991, Director since 1999) was appointed to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer in February 2000, while maintaining the titles
of Treasurer and Secretary, and was appointed to serve as a Director of the Company in March 1999. He previously had been elected Vice
President of the Company in December 1998 and had served as Chief Financial Officer since October 1991. He has served as Secretary since
December 1995 and as Treasurer since October 1991. Prior to that, he served as Director of Finance and Administration since originally
joining the Company in September 1989. Mr. Brigham served as a member of the Board of Directors of the United Way of York County from
2012 to 2019, serving as its Treasurer until June 2016 and as Chair of the Board of Directors for one year and as a member of its Executive
Committee. Mr. Brigham served as the Treasurer of the Board of Trustees of the Kennebunk Free Library from 2005 to 2011. He re-joined
the Finance Committee of the library in 2012. Prior to joining the Company, he was employed as an audit manager for the public accounting
firm of Ernst Young. Mr. Brigham earned his Masters in Business Administration from New York University in 1989 and a Bachelor of
Arts degree (with a double major in Economics and Spanish) from Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut in 1983. 

BOBBI JO BROCKMANN (Age: 46, Officer since
February 2015, Director since January 2018) served as a Director of the Company from March 2017 to September 2017 and from January 2018
to the present. She was promoted to Vice President of Sales and Marketing in February 2015. She joined the Company as Director of Sales
and Marketing in January 2010. Prior to that, she had been employed as Director of Sales since May 2008 and Sales Manager from February
2004 to April 2008 at APC, Inc. of Ankeny, Iowa, a developer and marketer of functional protein products for animal health and nutrition.
Prior to that, she held other sales and marketing positions at APC, W G Marketing Company, Inc. of Ames, Iowa, The Council
for Agricultural Science and Technology of Ames, Iowa and Meyocks Group Advertising of West Des Moines, Iowa after graduating from Iowa
State University. 

ELIZABETH L. WILLIAMS (Age: 67, Officer since
April 2016) joined the Company in April 2016 as Vice President of Manufacturing Operations. Previously, she led the U.S. Region for Zoetis
as Vice President, Global Manufacturing and Supply. Prior to that, she held multiple Site Leader positions at Pfizer Animal Health facilities
in Lincoln, Nebraska (2008-2011), Conshohocken, Pennsylvania (2006-2008) and Lee s Summit, Missouri (2003-2006). She led the manufacturing
organization (1999-2003) and the Process and Product Development group (1995-1999), achieving registration, approval and successful scale-up
of five new products at the Lee s Summit facility. She earned her Masters of Business Administration from Rockhurst University in
Kansas City, Missouri and her Bachelor s degree in Biology from the University of Missouri. 

Information with respect to our directors is incorporated
herein by reference to the section of our 2023 Proxy Statement titled Election of the Board of Directors , which we intend
to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022. There is no family relationship between any
director, executive officer, or person nominated or chosen by the Company to become a director or executive officer. 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information regarding compensation paid to our executive
officers is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our 2023 Proxy Statement titled Executive Officer Compensation ,
which we intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information regarding ownership of our common stock
by certain owners and management is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our 2023 Proxy Statement titled Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters , which we intend to file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information regarding certain relationships and
related transactions and director independence is incorporated herein by reference to the section of our 2023 Proxy Statement titled Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence , which we intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information regarding our principal accounting fees
and services is incorporated by reference to the section of our 2023 Proxy Statement titled Principal Accounting Fees and Services ,
which we intend to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

35 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s 1987 Registration Statement No. 33-12722 on Form S-1 as filed with the Commission). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation effective July 23, 1990 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation effective August 24, 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation effective June 16, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Amended Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 16, 2016). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation effective June 18, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2018). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation effective June 11, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2020). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Bylaws of the Company as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Rights Agreement dated as of September 5, 1995, between the Company and American Stock Transfer and Trust Co., as Rights Agent, which includes as Exhibit A thereto the form of Right Certificate and as Exhibit B thereto the Summary of Rights to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009). 
 
 4.1A 
 
 First Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of June 30, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1A of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2005). 
 
 4.1B 
 
 Second Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of June 30, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008). 
 
 4.1C 
 
 Third Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of August 9, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended June 30, 2011). 
 
 4.1D 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of June 16, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1D of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2014). 
 
 4.1E 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of April 15, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended March 31, 2015). 
 
 4.1F 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of August 10, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended June 30, 2017). 
 
 4.1G 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of August 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Amended Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed on November 21, 2022). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (updated) entered into with each of the Company s Directors and Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2006). 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Michael F. Brigham dated March 26, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009). 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 2010 Stock Option and Incentive Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010). 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010). 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 2017 Stock Option and Incentive Plan of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended June 30, 2017). 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019). 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 Amendment to the 2017 Stock Option and Incentive Plan of the Company. 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Incentive Compensation Agreement between the Company and Elizabeth L. Williams dated as of March 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022). 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Incentive Compensation Agreement between the Company and Elizabeth L. Williams dated as of November 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 21, 2022). 

10.10+ 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Incentive Compensation Agreement between the Company and Elizabeth L. Williams dated as of March 28, 2023. 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Separation and Deferred Compensation Agreement between the Company and Michael F. Brigham dated as of March 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022). 

36 

ImmuCell
Corporation 

10.12+ 
 
 Incentive Compensation Agreement between the Company and Michael F. Brigham dated as of March 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022). 
 
 10.13+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Incentive Compensation Agreement between the Company and Michael F. Brigham dated as of March 28, 2023. 
 
 10.14+ 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Incentive Compensation Agreement between the Company and Bobbi Jo Brockmann dated as of March 28, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022). 
 
 10.15+ 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Incentive Compensation Agreement between the Company and Bobbi Jo Brockmann dated as of March 28, 2023. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement between the Company and Norbrook Laboratories Limited dated as of September 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2019). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Indenture of Lease for Premises Located in Portland, Maine between the Company and TVP, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2019). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Second Amendment of Indenture of Lease for Premises Located in Portland, Maine between the Company and TVP, LLC dated as of August 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2022). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Term Note for 5,100,000 between the Company and Gorham Savings Bank dated March 11, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2020). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Loan Agreement for 5,100,000 between the Company and Gorham Savings Bank dated March 11, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2020). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Term Note for 3,500,000 between the Company and Gorham Savings Bank dated March 11, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2020). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Loan Agreement for 3,500,000 between the Company and Gorham Savings Bank dated March 11, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2020). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Allonge to and Amendment of Line of Credit Loan for up to 1,000,000 between the Company and Gorham Savings Bank dated March 23, 2022. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement executed by the Company in favor of the Maine Technology Institute dated June 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2020). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Subordinated Promissory Note for 500,000 executed by the Company in favor of the Maine Technology Institute dated June 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2020). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement executed by the Company in favor of the Maine Technology Institute dated June 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2021). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Subordinated Promissory Note for 400,000 executed by the Company in favor of the Maine Technology Institute dated June 30, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2021). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Term Note for 1,500,000 executed by the Company in favor of Gorham Savings Bank dated December 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2020). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Loan Agreement for 1,500,000 executed by the Company in favor of Gorham Savings Bank dated December 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2020). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Allonge to and Amendment of Term Note, dated March 23, 2022, between the Company and Gorham Savings Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2022). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Mortgage Modification Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, between the Company and Gorham Savings Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2022). 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2014). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Form 10-K). 
 
 31 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 32 
 
 Certification
 Pursuant to Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the
 Interactive Data File because its 
 XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File-the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed
herewith. 

ITEM 16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

37 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of ImmuCell
Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of ImmuCell Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated
below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way
our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing
a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Valuation of Inventory 

Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s inventory was 6,038,539.
As discussed in Note 2 of the financial statements, inventory is recorded at the lower of cost, or net realizable value. 

Auditing management s valuation of inventory is complex
and highly judgmental because of the estimates and assumptions used by management to determine the cost accounting and because of the
variability of the cost per dose due to fluctuations in the biological yield achieved. 

How We Addressed the Matter 
 In Our Audit The primary procedures we performed to address this critical
audit matter included the following. We obtained an understanding of the
cost accounting developed by management and the related assumptions and estimates used. We tested the cost accounting by examining the
underlying data used by the Company to prepare the cost accounting. We evaluated the effect of the variability of the cost per dose on
the inventory value by comparing the biological yield to historical results and by performing a sensitivity analysis of the potential
range in inventory value within a corridor of historical results based on minimum and maximum outcomes for the biological yield. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. March 29, 2023 

F- 1 

ImmuCell Corporation 

BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Trade accounts receivable, net 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Current portion of debt obligations 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Debt obligations, net of current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total long-term liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND COMMITMENTS (See Note 11) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized and shares issued as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

ImmuCell Corporation 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

During the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Product sales 

Costs of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Product development expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Administrative expenses 

Operating expenses 

NET OPERATING (LOSS) INCOME 

Other expenses, net 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense 

NET LOSS 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic net loss per share 

Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted net loss per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ImmuCell Corporation 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Treasury
 Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Total 
Stockholders 

 Equity 
 
 BALANCE, 

December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Public offering of common stock, net of of offering costs 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

BALANCE, 

December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

BALANCE, 

December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ImmuCell Corporation 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

During the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used for) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Stock-based compensation 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

Non-cash rent expense 

Changes in: 

Trade accounts receivable 

Accrued interest income 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash (used for) provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

Maturities of investment 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used for investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from public offering, net 

Proceeds from debt issuance 

Debt principal repayments 

(Payments) net adjustments of debt issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

BEGINNING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

ENDING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ImmuCell Corporation 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

During the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH PAID FOR: 

Income taxes 

Interest expense 

NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: 

Change in capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Surrender of shares to exercise stock options 

Lease liability arising from obtaining right-of-use asset 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements 

per financial institution per depositor. See Note 3. 

F- 7 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

of these assets are being depreciated over years. We began
depreciating the leasehold improvements to our new First Defense production facility at 175 Industrial Way over
the remainder of the -year lease term beginning when a certificate of occupancy was issued during the second quarter of 2020. During
August of 2022, this lease term was extended to January of 2043 in connection with a new lease covering space at 165 Industrial Way. As
a result, the net book value of these leasehold improvements as of August 31, 2022 is now being depreciated over the remainder of the
extended lease term. Significant repairs to property, plant and equipment that benefit more than a current period are capitalized and
depreciated over their useful lives. Insignificant repairs are expensed when incurred. See Note 7. 

F- 8 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Liabilities: 

Bank debt 

F- 9 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Liabilities: 

Bank debt 

or more of total product sales are detailed in the following table: 

Company B 

Company B 

Company C 

. 

F- 10 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 13. 

and during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic 

Dilutive impact of share-based compensation awards 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - Diluted 

Net loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

F- 11 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

,
 and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No allowance for bad debt or product returns was recorded
as of December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. The trade accounts receivable balances include and due from a related party as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 18. 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Total 

write-off of scrapped inventory that resulted principally from a contamination event in our production process around the end of the third
quarter of 2022. 

F- 12 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Other receivables 

Total 

- 

Buildings and improvements 
 - 

Office furniture and equipment 
 - 

Construction in progress 
 n/a 

Land 
 n/a 

Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense was and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

were valued using
the relief from royalty method and are being amortized to costs of goods sold over their useful lives, which are estimated to be years.
Intangible amortization expense was during both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The net value of these intangibles
was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Customer relationships 

Non-compete agreements 

Total 

Customer relationships 

Non-compete agreements 

Total 

F- 13 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Accounts payable capital 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued other 

Income tax payable 

Total 

and a line of credit. The debt was comprised of a 
mortgage note (Loan #1) that bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum (with a -year term and -year amortization schedule
and a balloon principal payment of due during the first quarter of 2030) and a note (Loan #2) that bears interest
at a fixed rate of per annum (with a -year term and amortization schedule). The line of credit is available as needed through March
11, 2024. Interest on borrowings against the line of credit is variable at the National Prime Rate per annum. There was no outstanding
balance under this line of credit as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The proceeds from the debt refinancing were used to repay all bank
debt outstanding at the time of closing and to provide some additional working capital. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we closed on
a note with GSB (Loan #4) that bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum (with a -year term and amortization schedule).
Proceeds of were used to prepay a portion of the outstanding principal on our mortgage note (Loan #1), which reduced the outstanding
balance to of the most recent appraised value of the property securing the debt, which allowed GSB to release the that
had been held in escrow. This resulted in no change in the balloon principal payment of due during the first quarter of 2030.
The remaining proceeds were available for general working capital purposes. During the first quarter of 2022, we closed on an additional
 in mortgage debt, which bears interest at the fixed rate of per annum. This was accomplished through an amendment of
the original mortgage note (Loan #1) that increased the then outstanding principal balance from to bearing interest
at the blended fixed rate of per annum. This increased the balloon payment from to and extended the due date
of the balloon payment from the first quarter of 2030 to the first quarter of 2032. In connection with these credit facilities, we incurred
aggregate debt issuance costs of of which was incurred during 2022). The amortization of these debt issuance costs is
being recorded as a component of interest expense, included in other expenses, net, and is being amortized over the underlying terms of
the notes. These three credit facilities are secured by liens on substantially all of our assets and are subject to certain restrictions
and financial covenants. Given the funds we raised through an equity issuance in April 2021, GSB waived the minimum debt service coverage
(DSC) ratio requirement of for the year ended December 31, 2021. By negotiation with GSB in connection with the mortgage debt financing
during the first quarter of 2022, the required minimum DSC ratio was reduced to for the year ending December 31, 2022. By subsequent
negotiation with GSB, compliance with the required minimum DSC ratio was waived for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the first
quarter of 2023, the DSC ratio covenant for the year ending December 31, 2023 was waived by GSB. Instead, we are required to meet a minimum
DSC ratio requirement of for the twelve-month periods ending June 30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2024 and then again
annually after that. 

. 

F- 14 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Loan #2 

Loan #3 

Loan #4 

Loan #5 

Total 

line of credit) are reflected in the following table
by the year that payments are due: 

Loan #2 

Loan #3 

Loan #4 

Loan #5 

Subtotal 

Debt issuance costs 

Total 

F- 15 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Brigham and his covered dependents for a twelve-month period following termination,
and certain equity incentive awards granted to Mr. Brigham would continue to vest following such termination in accordance with the terms
of the Deferred Compensation Agreement. 

to increase our production capacity for the First Defense 
product line, to construct and equip our own Drug Product formulation and aseptic filling facility for Re-Tain ,
 to the purchase of inventory, to other capital expenditures and to other obligations as of December 31, 2022. 

Our lease includes variable non-lease
components. Such payments primarily include common area maintenance charges. The balance of the operating lease ROU asset was 
and the operating lease liability was as of December 31, 2022. The calculated amount of the ROU asset and lease liability is
impacted by the length of the lease term and the discount rate used for the present value of the minimum lease payments. We elected not
to separate lease and non-lease components for all classes of underlying assets, and instead to account for them as a single lease component.
Variable lease cost primarily represents variable payments such as real estate taxes and common area maintenance. The following tables
describe our lease costs and other lease information: 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Operating Lease 

Cash paid for operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

F- 16 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments (undiscounted cash flows) 

Less: imputed interest (discount effect of cash flows) 

Total operating liabilities 

shares of common stock in six different transactions raising gross proceeds of approximately at the
weighted average price of per share. These funds have been essential to funding our business growth plans. The details of each transaction
are discussed below. 

shares
of common stock at a price to the public of per share in an underwritten public offering pursuant to our effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, raising gross proceeds of approximately and resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately
 (after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses incurred in connection with the equity financing). 

shares of common stock to nineteen institutional and accredited investors at per share, raising gross proceeds
of approximately and resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately (after deducting placement agent
fees and other expenses incurred in connection with the equity financing). 

shares of
our common stock at a price of per share in a public, registered sale to two related investors pursuant to our effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, raising gross proceeds of and resulting in net proceeds of approximately (after deducting
expenses incurred in connection with the equity financing). 

shares
of common stock at a price to the public of per share in an underwritten public offering pursuant to our effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, raising gross proceeds of approximately and resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately
 (after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses incurred in connection with the equity financing). 

shares
of common stock at a price to the public of per share in an underwritten public offering pursuant to our effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, raising gross proceeds of approximately and resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately
 (after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses incurred in connection with the equity financing). 

shares
of our common stock at a price of per share in a public, registered sale to seven investors pursuant to our effective shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, raising gross proceeds of approximately and resulting in net proceeds of approximately (after
deducting expenses incurred in connection with the equity financing). 

shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2010 Plan and
subsequently no additional shares have been reserved for the 2010 Plan. Vesting requirements are determined by the Compensation and Stock
Option Committee of the Board of Directors on a case-by-case basis. All options granted under the 2010 Plan expire no later than years
from the date of grant. The 2010 Plan expired in June 2020, after which date no further options can be granted under the 2010 Plan. However,
options outstanding under the 2010 Plan at that time can be exercised in accordance with their terms. As of December 31, 2022, there were
 options outstanding under the 2010 Plan. 

F- 17 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Vesting requirements are determined by the
Compensation and Stock Option Committee of the Board of Directors on a case-by-case basis. All options granted under the 2017 Plan expire
no later than years from the date of grant. The 2017 Plan expires in March 2027, after which date no further options can be granted
under the 2017 Plan. However, options outstanding under the 2017 Plan at that time can be exercised in accordance with their terms. As
of December 31, 2022, there were options outstanding under the 2017 Plan. 

Grants 

Terminations/forfeitures (2) 

Exercises 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Grants 

Terminations/forfeitures (2) 

Exercises 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Reserved for future grants 

Non-vested stock options as of December 31, 2022 

Stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 

Stock options that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022 

Stock options that were terminated or forfeited during the year ended December 31, 2022 

shares with in cash. 

F- 18 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

years and months. The weighted average
remaining life of the options exercisable under these plans as of December 31, 2022 was approximately years and months. The exercise
prices of the options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 ranged from to per share. The stock options granted during
the year ended December 31, 2022 had exercise prices between and per share. The stock options granted during the year
ended December 31, 2021 had exercise prices between and per share. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 approximated and , respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair values
of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and per share, respectively. The fair value of each stock option grant has been estimated on the date
of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, for the purpose discussed in Note 2(n), with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Dividend yield (2) 

Expected volatility (2) 

Expected life (3) 
 years 
 years 

per share, subject to adjustment. The description and terms
of the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Co., as Rights Agent. 

F- 19 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

. During the second quarter of 2015, our Board of Directors also voted to authorize an amendment to remove a provision that
prevented a new group of directors elected following the emergence of an Acquiring Person (an owner of more than of our stock) from
controlling the Rights Plan by maintaining exclusive authority over the Rights Plan with pre-existing directors. We did this because such
provisions have come to be viewed with disfavor by Delaware courts. Each time that we made such amendments we entered into amendments
to the Rights Agreement with the Rights Agent reflecting such extensions, threshold increases or provision changes. No other changes have
been made to the terms of the Rights or the Rights Plan. 

to . At the June 10, 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our stockholders voted to approve an amendment
to our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance from to . 

F- 20 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Other 

Total Product Sales 

Other animal health 

Total Product Sales 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 

Interest income 

Income - other 

Other expenses, net 

and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and 
(amounting to less than and of our loss before income taxes) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

in non-cash income
tax expense to create a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets (which consist largely of net operating loss carryforwards
and federal and state credits) based on applicable accounting standards and practices. At that time, we had incurred a net loss for six
consecutive quarters, had not been profitable on a year-to-date basis since the nine-month period ended September 30, 2017 and projected
additional net losses for some period going forward before returning to profitability. Should future profitability be realized at an adequate
level, we would be able to release this valuation allowance (resulting in a non-cash income tax benefit) and realize these deferred tax
assets before they expire. We will continue to assess the need for the valuation allowance at each quarter and, in the event that actual
results differ from these estimates, or we adjust these estimates in future periods, we may need to adjust our valuation allowance. Adjustments
related to the termination of our interest rate swap agreements were recorded during the first quarter of 2020. No subsequent adjustments
were recorded. 

F- 21 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Current subtotal 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Deferred subtotal, gross 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred subtotal, net 

Income tax expense 

to the loss before income taxes during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
respectively, as follows: 

State income taxes, net of federal expense 

Share-based compensation 

Tax credits 

Valuation allowance 

Other 

Income tax expense/rate 

Federal general business tax credits 

Federal net operating loss carryforwards 

State tax credits and net operating loss carryforwards 

174 R D expenditures 

Deferred compensation 

Prepaid expenses and other 

UNICAP 

Incentive compensation 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

F- 22 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

Costs of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Product development expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Administrative expenses 

Operating expenses 

NET OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 

Costs of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Product development expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Administrative expenses 

Operating expenses 

NET OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 

Total Assets as of December 31, 2021 

Depreciation and amortization expense during the year ended 
December 31, 2022 

Depreciation and amortization expense during the year ended 
December 31, 2021 

Capital Expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2022 

Capital Expenditures during the year ended December 31, 2021 

F- 23 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Notes to Audited Financial Statements (continued) 

and of products from us during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, all on terms consistent with those offered to other distributors of similar
status. Our accounts receivable (subject to standard and customary payment terms) due from these affiliated companies aggregated 
and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Participants may contribute up to the maximum
amount allowed by the Internal Revenue Service. Under this matching plan, we paid
 and into the Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 24 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

ImmuCell Corporation 

Registrant 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael F. Brigham 

Michael F. Brigham President, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

We, the undersigned directors of ImmuCell Corporation,
hereby severally constitute and appoint Michael F. Brigham our true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution
and re-substitution, for us and in our stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report and all documents
relating thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
necessary or advisable to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or to be done by
virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Gloria J. Basse 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Gloria J. Basse 

/s/ Michael F. Brigham 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Michael F. Brigham 
 
 Principal Financial Officer and Director 

/s/ Bobbi Jo Brockmann 
 
 Vice President of Sales and Marketing and Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Bobbi Jo Brockmann 

/s/ David S. Cunningham 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 David S. Cunningham 

/s/ Steven T. Rosgen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Steven T. Rosgen 

/s/ David S. Tomsche 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 David S. Tomsche, DVM 

/s/ Elizabeth S. Toothaker 
 
 Controller 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Elizabeth S. Toothaker 

/s/ Paul R. Wainman 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Paul R. Wainman 

38 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-7_immucellcorp.htm
 AMENDMENT TO THE 2017 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 10.7 

AMENDMENT TO THE 2017 

STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN 

The 2017 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the Plan of
ImmuCell Corporation is amended as follows, effective as of June 15, 2022. 

1. The second sentence of Section 5 of Part 1 of the Plan is replaced in its entirety by the following: 

The aggregate number of Shares which may be issued pursuant
to this Plan shall be six hundred fifty thousand (650,000). 

2. In all other respects, the Plan, as amended above, shall be deemed to be in full force and effect as originally adopted. 

Approved by the Compensation and Stock Option
Committee on December 23, 2021 

Approved by Stockholders on June 15, 2022 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-10_immucellcorp.htm
 FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ELIZABETH L. WILLIAMS DATED AS OF MARCH 28, 2023

Exhibit 10.10 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
AGREEMENT 

This Fourth Amended and Restated
Incentive Compensation Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2023, is by and between ImmuCell Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company and Elizabeth L. Williams (the Executive ), and replaces and supersedes in its entirety the Third Amended and Restated Incentive
Compensation Agreement, dated as of November 11, 2022, between the Company and the Executive. 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Company wishes
to provide to the Executive additional incentive compensation opportunities in order to induce the Executive to remain in the Company s
employ and to further incentivize her to continue her leadership efforts toward the successful commercialization of Re-Tain ;
and 

WHEREAS, the Executive, in
partial consideration of such potential additional compensation, is willing to agree to certain restrictions relating to the solicitation
of Company employees, consultants and independent contractors; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises of the parties contained herein and other good and valuable considerations, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Incentive
Compensation . The Company agrees to pay to the Executive (a) 25,000 if the Company submits to FDA its third submission of the CMC
Technical Section related to Re-Tain in 2023, (b) 125,000 when the Company receives all FDA approvals needed for
the commencement of sales of Re-Tain in the United States, and (c) 100,000 when the Company receives all FDA approvals
of the Company s license application for in-house Drug Product manufacture with respect to Re-Tain , provided,
however, that any such payment shall be due and payable only if the Executive is employed by the Company at the time of the FDA submission
(with respect to (a) above) or receipt of the applicable FDA approval(s) (with respect to (b) and (c) above). The applicable payment under
(b) and (c) above shall be made within thirty (30) days of receipt of such FDA approvals, the applicable payment under (a) above shall
be made (if earned at that time) not later than the first full bi-weekly payroll of the Company in February 2024, and each such payment
shall be subject to all required tax withholdings. This supersedes paragraph 2 of the letter from the Company to the Executive dated March
2, 2016. 

In addition, if the Company
undergoes a Change of Control or sells or licenses all or substantially all of the rights to manufacture and sell Re-Tain ,
and at the time of such Change of Control, sale or license the Executive is an employee of the Company, the Company will make the payments
to the Executive described in the first paragraph of this Section 1 to the extent not previously paid. For purposes hereof, Change
of Control means (a) the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or (b) the sale or issuance of capital
stock of the Company, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, or a merger, consolidation or similar transaction to
which the Company is party, the result of which is one or more persons or entities acting together directly or indirectly acquiring a
majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Company or of the surviving or resulting entity in such transaction. For purposes hereof,
a license of all or substantially all of the rights to manufacture and sell Re-Tain shall not include a transaction
in which the Company continues to perform manufacturing services to or for the benefit of the licensee. 

2. Non-Solicitation .
The Executive agrees, during the period in which she is employed by the Company and for one (1) year thereafter, not to solicit, or assist
or induce any other person or entity in soliciting, any person who at that time is (or within the preceding ninety (90) days was) an employee
of, or a consultant or independent contractor to, the Company to leave his or her employment, consultancy or independent contractor status
with the Company. 

IMMUCELL CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Michael F. Brigham 

Michael F. Brigham, its President 

/s/ Elizabeth L Williams 

Elizabeth L. Williams 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-13_immucellcorp.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MICHAEL F. BRIGHAM DATED AS OF MARCH 28, 2023

Exhibit 10.13 

AMENDED AND RESTATED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
AGREEMENT 

This AMENDED AND RESTATED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
AGREEMENT , dated as of March 28, 2023, is by and between IMMUCELL CORPORATION , a Delaware corporation (the Company and MICHAEL F. BRIGHAM (the Executive ), and replaces and supersedes in its entirety the Incentive Compensation
Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, between the Company and the Executive. 

WHEREAS, the Executive serves
as the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer; and 

WHEREAS, the Company wishes
to provide the Executive with certain additional incentive compensation opportunities, as more fully set forth herein, in order to induce
the Executive to continue his employment with the Company and to contribute to the Company s attainment of certain specific objectives
and outcomes. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and promises contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows: 

1. At-Will
Nature of Executive s Employment . The parties agree and acknowledge that the Executive s employment with the Company is
 at will , and that nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to modify the at will nature of such
employment. 

2. Incentive
Compensation . The Company will pay to the Executive (i) not later than March 29, 2024, the amount of cash (up to 100,000) earned
if and to the extent the Company s EBITDA objective for 2023 is achieved or exceeded pursuant to the bonus payout schedule set forth
in Exhibit A and (ii) promptly following receipt of FDA approval in 2023 for commercial sale of ReTain as provided in Exhibit
A , an additional 50,000; provided, however, that such payments shall be due and payable only if the Executive is employed by the
Company at the applicable payment date. Such payments shall be subject to all required tax withholdings. 

3. Successors . 

(a) This
Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive otherwise
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s
legal representatives. 

(b) This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. 

(c) The
Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially
all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the
same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, Company 
shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid. 

4. Miscellaneous . 

(a) This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maine, without reference to principles of conflict
of laws. The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not
be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. 

(b) All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other party, by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by e-mail, read receipt requested, addressed as follows: 

If to the Executive: 

at the address and e-mail address on
file in the Company s records 

If to the Company: 

ImmuCell Corporation 

 56 Evergreen Drive 

 Portland, Maine 04103 

 Attn: Chair of the Board of Directors 

or to such other address as either party shall
have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by
the addressee. 

(c) The
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision
of this Agreement. 

(d) The
Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to
be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 

(e) The
Executive s or the Company s failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure
to assert any right the Executive or the Company may have hereunder, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or
any other provision of or right under this Agreement. 

(f) From
and after the Effective Date this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter
hereof, and supersedes all prior communications, agreements and understandings, written or oral, with the Company or any of its affiliates
or predecessors with respect to the terms and conditions of the Executive s employment. 

(g) The
Executive agrees that jurisdiction and venue for any action arising from or relating to this Agreement or the relationship between the
parties, including but not limited to matters concerning validity, construction, performance, or enforcement, shall be exclusively in
the federal and Maine state courts located in Cumberland County (collectively, the Selected Courts (provided, that
a final judgment in any such action shall be conclusive and enforceable in other jurisdictions) and further agree that service of process
may be made in any manner permitted by law. The Executive irrevocably waives and agrees not to assert (i) any objection which he may ever
have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in the Selected
Courts, and (ii) any claim that any such action brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. This Section 4(g)
is intended to fix the location of potential litigation between the parties and does not create any causes of action or waive any defenses
or immunities to suit, or obviate the rights of the parties to agree to arbitration with respect to any conflicts related to this Agreement
or the Executive s employment hereunder. EACH PARTY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, TO THE EXTENT LAWFUL, AND AGREES THAT ANY
OF THEM MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG
THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THEM RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS. 

(h) Whenever
possible, each provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement, will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law but the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement in any jurisdiction
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability
of this Agreement, including that provision or portion of any provision, in any other jurisdiction. In addition, should a court or arbitrator
determine that any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement, is not reasonable or valid, either in period of time, geographical
area, or otherwise, the parties hereto agree that such provision should be interpreted and enforced to the maximum extent which such court
or arbitrator deems reasonable or valid. 

(i) This
Agreement may be executed by .pdf or facsimile signatures in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but
all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. 

2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set the Executive s hand and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors,
the Company has caused these presents to be executed in its name on its behalf, all as of the day and year first above written. 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Michael F. Brigham 

Michael F. Brigham 

COMPANY: 

IMMUCELL CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ David S. Tomsche 

Name: 
 David S. Tomsche 

Title: 
 Chair, Board of Directors 

3 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.15>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-15_immucellcorp.htm
 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND BOBBI JO BROCKMANN DATED AS OF MARCH 28, 2023

Exhibit 10.15 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
AGREEMENT 

This Third Amended and Restated
Incentive Compensation Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2023, is by and between ImmuCell Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company and Bobbi Jo Brockmann (the Executive ), and replaces and supersedes in its entirety the Second Amended and Restated Incentive
Compensation Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2022, between the Company and the Executive. 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the Company wishes
to provide to the Executive additional incentive compensation opportunities in order to induce the Executive to remain in the Company s
employ and to further incentivize her to continue her leadership efforts toward increasing sales of the First Defense 
product line and implementing the successful commercialization of Re-Tain ; and 

WHEREAS, the Executive, in
partial consideration of such potential additional compensation, is willing to agree to expand the obligations set forth in the Agreement
in Connection with Employment by ImmuCell Corporation, dated as of November 15, 2009, between the Company and the Executive; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual promises of the parties contained herein and other good and valuable considerations, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Incentive Compensation . 

(a) The Company agrees to
pay to the Executive (i) 50,000 upon the sale by the Company of any doses of Re-Tain within twelve (12) months
after receipt by the Company of all necessary regulatory approvals to sell Re-Tain in the United States, and (ii)
an additional 50,000 (if the amount contemplated by clause (i) has been paid to the Executive) on the date that is twenty-four (24) months
after receipt by the Company of all necessary regulatory approvals to sell Re-Tain in the United States; provided,
however, that such payments shall be due and payable only if the Executive is employed by the Company at the applicable payment date.
Such payments shall be subject to all required tax withholdings. 

In addition, if the Company
undergoes a Change of Control or sells or licenses all or substantially all of the rights to manufacture and sell Re-Tain 
and at the time of such Change of Control, sale or license the Executive is an employee of the Company, the Company will make the payments
to the Executive described in the first paragraph of this Section 1(a). For purposes hereof, Change of Control means (a)
the sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or (b) the sale or issuance of capital stock of the Company, in a
single transaction or series of related transactions, or a merger, consolidation or similar transaction to which the Company is party,
the result of which is one or more persons or entities acting together directly or indirectly acquiring a majority of the outstanding
capital stock of the Company or of the surviving or resulting entity in such transaction. For purposes hereof, a license of all or substantially
all of the rights to manufacture and sell Re-Tain shall not include a transaction in which the Company continues
to perform manufacturing services to or for the benefit of the licensee. 

(b) In addition to the incentive
compensation potentially payable to the Executive pursuant to Section 1(a) hereof, the Company will pay and, if applicable, issue to the
Executive, not later than March 31, 2024, the amount of cash (up to 80,000) earned if certain sales, growth and selling expense control
objectives are achieved in 2023 pursuant to the bonus payout schedule set forth in Exhibit A ; provided, however, that such payment
shall be due and payable or issuable only if the Executive is employed by the Company at the applicable payment date. Such payments shall
be subject to all required tax withholdings. 

2. Non-Solicitation .
The Executive agrees, during the period in which she is employed by the Company and for one (1) year thereafter, not to solicit, or assist
or induce any other person or entity in soliciting, any person who at that time is (or within the preceding ninety (90) days was) an employee
of, or a consultant or independent contractor to, the Company to leave his or her employment, consultancy or independent contractor status
with the Company. 

IMMUCELL CORPORATION 

By : 
 /s/ Michael F. Brigham 

Michael F. Brigham, its President 

/s/ Bobbi Jo Brockmann 

Bobbi Jo Brockmann 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.23>
 6
 f10k2022ex10-23_immucellcorp.htm
 ALLONGE TO AND AMENDMENT OF LINE OF CREDIT LOAN FOR UP TO 1,000,000 BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND GORHAM SAVINGS BANK DATED MARCH 23, 2022

Exhibit 10.23 

ALLONGE TO AND AMENDMENT
OF LINE OF CREDIT 

 LOAN NO. 8160005222 

AGREEMENT made this
 23rd day of March 2022, between Immucell Corporation a Maine corporation (hereinafter called Borrower and GORHAM SAVINGS
BANK, a Maine banking corporation with principal place of business at 10 Wentworth Drive, Gorham, Maine 04038 (the Bank ). 

Reference is hereby
made to a certain Line of Credit (the Note dated March 11, 2020, in the original principal amount of One Million and 00/100
Dollars 1,000,000.00) the maker of which is the Borrower and the payee and the holder of which is the Bank. 

FOR VALUABLE CONSIDERATION,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Borrower and the Bank hereby mutually agree for themselves and their
successors and assigns as follows: 

1. The Note shall be amended as follows: 

Effective even date herewith, this
line of credit shall be extended with a new maturity date of March 11, 2024, unless sooner demanded. 

This Line of Credit will be subject
to a rate of interest that will be equal to the published National Prime Rate plus zero percent (0.00 per annum, based on the then published
National Prime Rate, as and when it may vary, subject to change of rate, such adjustments in rate to occur as National Prime Rate changes.
The fluctuation in interest rate shall occur regardless of whether notice is given. The National Prime Rate means the highest
domestic prime rate published in the Wall Street Journa l, and, if such prime rate is no longer so published, a comparable published
rate as selected by Lender or any subsequent holder of this Note. If the Wall Street Journal is not published on the date in question,
then the rate shall be based on the next prior published rate. 

2. Except as modified hereby, the Note and all of the terms and
conditions of the Note shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect, and the Bank and the Borrower hereby ratify and confirm all
of the terms and conditions of the Note as amended hereby. 

3. This Allonge shall be attached to the Note. 

EXECUTED as a sealed instrument on the
date first above written. 

Immucell Corporation 

By: 
 /s/ Michael F. Brigham 

Michael F. Brigham 

Its: 
 President CEO 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex23-1_immucellcorp.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-207635, 333-214641, and 333-228479) on Form S-3 and the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-02631,
333-65514, 333-167721, and 333-237428) on Form S-8 of ImmuCell Corporation of our report dated March 29, 2023, relating to the financial
statements of ImmuCell Corporation, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ImmuCell Corporation for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

/s/ WIPFLI LLP 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 8
 f10k2022ex31_immucellcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 

I, Michael F. Brigham, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ImmuCell
Corporation (the Company); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company
is made known to me by others within the Company, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s Board of Directors (or
persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 29, 2023 

/s/ Michael F. Brigham 

Michael F Brigham 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 f10k2022ex32_immucellcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES- OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ImmuCell Corporation
(the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the Report ), I, Michael F. Brigham, President, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ); and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company. 

This certification is provided pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and
Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(32) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), and the Exchange Act. In accordance with clause (ii) of Item 601(b)(32), this certification (A) shall not be deemed filed 
for the purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and (B) shall not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically
incorporates it by reference. 

/s/ Michael F. Brigham 

Michael F. Brigham 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

March 29, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to ImmuCell Corporation and will be retained by ImmuCell Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 iccc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 iccc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 iccc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 iccc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 iccc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

