<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1794905_0001794905-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15391211</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1138108</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2690341</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5170722</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3326587</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2782325</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001794905-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316064540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001794905-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyxtera Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001794905
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				843743013
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39496
		FILM NUMBER:		23737074

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2333 PONCE DE LEON BOULEVARD, SUITE 900
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		305-537-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2333 PONCE DE LEON BOULEVARD, SUITE 900
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STARBOARD VALUE ACQUISITION CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191122

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001794905-23-000010.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 cyxt-20221231.htm
 10-K

cyxt-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period From To 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price of 11.34 per share of Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, was approximately . 
 As of March 13, 2023, there were approximately shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 3 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 7 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 38 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 58 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 105 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 105 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 106 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 106 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 106 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 106 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 106 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 106 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 106 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 107 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 109 
 SIGNATURES 
 110 

PART I 

Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that make an investment in our shares of Class A common stock speculative or risky, any one of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or business. These risks include, but are not limited to, those listed below. This list is not complete, and should be read together with the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), as well as the other information in this Annual Report and the other filings that we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 If we are unable to refinance our material indebtedness with near term maturities, we could be forced to liquidate and/or file for bankruptcy, and the holders of our Class A common stock could suffer a total loss on their investment. 
 Our substantial indebtedness and our current liquidity constraints could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and our ability to service our debt, which could negatively impact your ability to recover your investment in the Company s Class A common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Needs and Capital Strategy 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain covenants that may limit our flexibility to raise additional capital and take advantage of certain business opportunities advantageous to us. 
 An inability to access external sources of capital on favorable terms or at all could limit our ability to execute our business and growth strategies. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate internationally could harm our results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 Inflation in the global economy, increased interest rates and adverse global economic conditions, like the ones we are currently experiencing, could negatively affect our business and financial condition. 
 We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
 Our business depends upon the demand for data centers. 
 Our products and services have a long sales cycle that may harm our revenues and operating results. 
 A limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our revenues. 
 Any failure of our physical infrastructure, negative impact on our ability to provide our services or damage to customer infrastructure within our data centers could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenue and harm our business reputation and financial results. 
 Our business could be harmed by prolonged power outages, power and fuel shortages, capacity constraints and increases in power costs. 
 Our international operations expose us to regulatory, currency, legal, tax and other risks. 
 If we are unable to recruit or retain key executives and qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. 
 We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate. 
 We have incurred substantial losses in the past and expect to incur additional losses in the future. 
 We have incurred a goodwill impairment charge. 
 We lease space in several locations under long-term non-cancellable lease agreements and the non-renewal or loss of such leases, or the continuing obligations under such leases in the event of a loss of customers or customer revenues, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 If we cannot continue to develop, acquire, market and provide new offerings or enhanced offerings that meet customer requirements and differentiate us from competitors, our operating results could suffer. 
 3 

Our customer contracts could subject us to significant liability. 
 Our ability to provide data center space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power. 
 
 Risks Related to Data Security, Intellectual Property and Technology Industry Regulations 
 We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. 
 We may be vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents, including physical and electronic breaches, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results. 
 Government regulation may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Environmental Laws and Climate Change Impacts 
 Environmental regulations may impose new or unexpected costs on us. 
 Our business may be adversely affected by climate change and responses to it. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Laws including Tax Laws 
 The requirements of being a public company, including maintaining adequate internal control over our financial and management systems, may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members. 
 Changes to applicable US or non-US tax laws and regulations and/or their interpretation may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our net operating losses NOLs may not be available to offset future taxable income in the United States. 
 
 Risks Related to our Proposed Real Estate Investment Trust REIT Conversion 
 We may not be successful in converting to a REIT by January 1, 2024, or at all. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 Our stock price has recently been volatile. 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of our Class A common stock by us or our existing securityholders in the public market could cause the market price for our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our governing documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult and/or limit attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 We are an emerging growth company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which limits our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us, our directors, officers or employees. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our Class A common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 BCEC-SIS Holdings L.P, a Delaware limited partnership (the BC Stockholder and Medina Capital Fund II - SIS Holdco, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Medina Capital or the Medina Stockholder own a substantial amount of equity interests in us, and have other substantial interests in us and agreements with us, and may have conflicts of interest with us or the other holders of our capital stock. 

4 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report includes forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report may be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, targets, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, forecasts, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These statements include statements about Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. s (the Company or Cyxtera plans, including the Company s ability to refinance its material indebtedness with near term maturities, the Company s plan to convert to a REIT and the timing of such conversion, and other statements concerning the Company s objectives, strategies, financial performance and outlook, trends, the amount and timing of future cash distributions, prospects or future events. 
 
 The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, risks related to our material indebtedness with near term maturities; our ability to refinance or renew our existing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all; our ability to access external sources of capital on favorable terms or at all, which could limit our ability to execute our business and growth strategies; our ability to maintain our credit ratings; increases in interest rates; fluctuations in energy prices; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate internationally; inflation; prolonged power outages, shortages or capacity constraints; physical and electronic security breaches and cyber attacks, which could disrupt our operations; any failure of our physical infrastructure or negative impact on our ability to provide our services, or damage to customer infrastructure within our data centers; inadequate or inaccurate external and internal information, including budget and planning data, which could lead to inaccurate financial forecasts and inappropriate financial decisions; our fluctuating operating results; our government contracts, which are subject to early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties; our reliance on third parties to provide internet connectivity to our data centers; the incurrence of goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges, such as our recent impairment of goodwill, or impairment charges to our property and equipment, which could result in a significant reduction to our earnings; the requirements of being a public company, including maintaining adequate internal controls over financial and management systems; our ability to manage our growth; volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock; future sales, or the perception of future sales, of our Class A common stock by us or our existing security holders in the public market, which could cause the market price for our Class A common stock to decline; our ability to use our United States federal and state NOLs to offset future United States federal and applicable state taxable income may be subject to certain limitations that could accelerate or permanently increase taxes owed; our ability to address the significant implementation and operational complexities required to complete a conversion to a REIT, including, without limitation, completing internal reorganization and modifying accounting and information technology systems, and receiving any necessary stockholder and other approvals; our ability to apply highly technical and complex provisions of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to our operations; risks related to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business or future results, including supply chain disruptions; and other factors discussed in our filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict; investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 
 5 

You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report and have filed as exhibits to this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 

6 

Item 1. Business. 
 
 History and Background 
 
 Cyxtera was incorporated in Delaware as Starboard Value Acquisition Corp. SVAC on November 14, 2019. On July 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ), SVAC consummated the business combination pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 21, 2021 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among SVAC, Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. (now known as Cyxtera Technologies, LLC), a Delaware corporation Legacy Cyxtera ), Mundo Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of SVAC Merger Sub 1 ), Mundo Merger Sub 2, LLC (now known as Cyxtera Holdings, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of SVAC Merger Sub 2 and, together with Mundo Merger Sub 1, the Merger Subs ), and Mundo Holdings, Inc. NewCo ), a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of SIS Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership and the sole stockholder of Legacy Cyxtera SIS ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Legacy Cyxtera was contributed to NewCo and then converted into a limited liability company and, thereafter, Merger Sub 1 was merged with and into NewCo, with NewCo surviving such merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SVAC, and immediately following such merger and as part of the same overall transaction, NewCo was merged with and into Merger Sub 2, with Merger Sub 2 surviving such merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SVAC (the Business Combination and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ). On the Closing Date, and in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, SVAC changed its name to Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 We are a global data center leader in retail colocation and interconnection services. We provide an innovative suite of deeply connected and intelligently automated infrastructure and interconnection solutions to more than 2,300 leading enterprises, service providers and government agencies around the world enabling them to scale faster, meet rising consumer expectations and gain a competitive edge. 
 
 We believe that our data center platform sets us apart from our competitors in the data center industry in the following ways: 
 
 Global Footprint: Over 65 facilities in 33 markets on three continents. 
 
 Breadth of Offering: Complete suite of colocation, connectivity and bare metal solutions. 
 
 World-Class Platform: High-quality assets with dense connectivity and a strong customer ecosystem. 
 
 Market Leadership: Recognized as a leader by customers and industry thought leaders. 
 
 Continuous Innovation: Proven track record of developing innovative products and services. 
 
 We focus exclusively on carrier-neutral retail colocation, interconnection and related services, an area we believe represents the sweet spot within the broader data center industry. 
 
 We have a large global footprint, which includes key markets in North America, Europe and Asia. This scale and geographic reach enable us to deliver solutions to enterprises, service providers and government agencies in the locations where they want to be near population centers, customers, employees and service providers and to support their growth with deployments in multiple data centers across several markets. Our 251 MW of total power capacity and 56.6 MW of available expansion capacity is balanced across our platform, positioning us to meet the expanding requirements of our strong customer base. 
 
 The scale and density of our interconnection platform strengthens our customer value proposition. Our interconnection platform includes more than 307 individual network service providers, with an average of 24 per site; low latency connectivity to major public cloud zones from virtually all of our data centers; and more than 
 7 

40,000 cross-connects. Our interconnection solutions are the backbone of a global platform of data centers that operate as an ecosystem where our customers can easily connect to other enterprises and business partners, including a wide range of network service providers, public cloud service providers and as a Service providers. Utilizing innovative, software-defined and API-driven solutions, we make all of these products easier to consume, allowing customers to deploy, access and manage their IT infrastructure solutions with the click of a button. 
 
 We believe we have a stable and predictable business model, with more than 90 of our revenue being recurring revenue, fixed term customer contracts (typically three years), long-tenured customer relationships and network effects that drive customer stickiness. 
 
 Our Product Portfolio 
 
 We provide a variety of data center products and services that are specifically designed to address the needs of enterprises, service providers and government agencies. The following are our primary service and product offerings: 
 
 Colocation : We offer retail colocation services in 65 high-quality, highly connected data centers in 33 markets on three continents. Our colocation services provide customers space and power in our reliable, redundant and secure data centers to host their critical applications and workloads in an integrated ecosystem. Colocation space and power services are offered under fixed duration contracts (typically three years) and billed on a monthly basis generating monthly recurring revenue. 
 
 Interconnection : Our carrier- and cloud-neutral, densely connected global data center footprint and thriving partner ecosystem deliver the local, global and cloud connectivity options customers need for today s distributed hybrid IT. We offer traditional physical cross connects as well as virtual cross connects that can be provisioned on-demand through the Cyxtera Digital Exchange. These offerings provide customers the ability to establish fast, convenient, affordable and highly reliable connections to their preferred network service providers, low latency public cloud on-ramps and a wide range of technology and network service providers and business partners. Interconnection services are offered on month-to-month contract terms and generate monthly recurring revenue. 
 
 Bare Metal : Cyxtera Enterprise Bare Metal is an on-demand IT infrastructure solution that allows customers to consume our data center services in a cloud-like fashion by enabling customers to purchase compute solutions as a Service. Our fully automated provisioning platform enables customers to seamlessly connect to partner services, including single-tenant, private bare metal servers from NVIDIA, Nutanix, Fujitsu, HPE and Dell. Enterprise Bare Metal offers the best of all worlds rapid access to high-performance compute power to solve for even the most bandwidth-intensive AI and ML workloads, the ability to rapidly scale up and down in accordance with business requirements and the financial benefits associated with having a predictable monthly operating expense rather than a large, upfront capital purchase. Enterprise Bare Metal services are offered under fixed duration contracts and billed on a monthly basis generating monthly recurring revenue. 
 
 Cyxtera SmartCabs: Cyxtera SmartCabs are on-demand, dedicated colocation cabinets, complete with built-in power and integrated, configurable, core network fabric. Cyxtera SmartCabs allows customers to instantly deploy and dynamically configure their end-to-end colocation infrastructure in a cloud-like, on-demand model with direct access to a robust ecosystem of technology and service providers available across Cyxtera s global platform. Integrated with Cyxtera s massively scalable and highly secure network fabric and offering access to network connectivity from Cyxtera s on-demand Layer 3 bandwidth solution, IP Connect, Cyxtera SmartCabs enable customers to achieve rapid connectivity in an as-a-service model without requiring them to bring in additional network hardware or incur further capital expenditures to get started. Cyxtera SmartCabs is currently available in 12 markets. 
 
 Deployment Services : We offer a variety of value-added services to help customers streamline data center deployment and reduce time-to-solution. These services are provided by our team of industry-recognized personnel and include custom data center installation and set-up, access to secure cages and cabinets, integrated structured 
 8 

cabling solutions including cage design, rack layout and rack elevation and the ability to deliver a turnkey environment. Deployment services are one-time in nature and generally billed at the time of completion or delivery. 
 
 Gold Support : Through our gold support services, our infrastructure professionals are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week to assist customers with routine management of their environments such as server reboots, telecommunications support, equipment racking and stacking, operating system loading and magnetic tape backups of critical data. Gold support services can be consumed on an ad hoc basis or in pre-paid blocks, in each case generating non-recurring revenue. Customers can also elect to purchase recurring monthly blocks of gold support hours, generating monthly recurring revenue. 
 
 Our Business Segment Financial Information 
 
 The Company manages its operations as a single operating segment for the purposes of assessing performance and making operating decisions the colocation segment. 
 
 The Company derives the significant majority of its colocation revenue from sales to customers in the United States, based upon the service address of the customer. Revenue derived from customers outside the United States, based upon the service address of the customer, was not significant in any individual foreign country. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We compete with numerous providers of data center and interconnection services. Many of these companies own or operate data centers similar to ours in the same markets in which our data centers are located. Certain of our data center competitors include Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and Equinix, Inc. as well as several privately held data center services providers. We believe that we are differentiated from most competitors in the retail data center industry because we offer a true platform with the large scale and geographic reach of our data center portfolio, density of our interconnection platform which creates an ecosystem where our customers can easily connect to other enterprises and business partners and innovative, software-defined technologies that increase the value proposition for customers by making it easier for them to address their hybrid IT infrastructure needs. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 
 Customers 
 
 Our customers include network service providers, cloud and IT services providers, digital media and content providers, financial services companies and global enterprises in various industries. We have more than 2,300 customers, and Lumen accounted for 10 of the total revenues as of December 31, 2022. We provide each customer access to a choice of highly customized solutions based on their scale, colocation and interconnection needs. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 We rely on trademarks, domain names, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, contractual provisions and restrictions on access and use to establish and protect our proprietary rights. These include: trademark registrations and applications for Cyxtera and the Cyxtera logo; issued patents and pending patent applications covering various technologies related to our Cyxtera Digital Exchange offering; and various domain name registrations, including for cyxtera.com. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 755 employees worldwide, with 672 based in the United States and Canada, 61 based in Europe, and 22 based in Asia-Pacific. Of those employees, 424 were in engineering and 
 9 

operations, 147 were in sales and marketing, and 184 were in management, finance and administration. In addition, of the 755 employees, 752 were full-time employees. 
 
 Commitment to Diversity 
 
 We have made a commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace, one where everyone has the opportunity to fully participate and is valued for their distinctive skills, experiences and perspectives. We make all recruiting, payment, performance and promotion decisions based on merit, without discrimination on the basis of gender, sexual orientation, age, family status, ethnic origin, nationality, disability or religious belief. 
 
 Employee Development and Recognition 
 
 We have invested in resources and opportunities to allow our team members to develop and enhance their skills, including through Cyxtera University, our on-demand learning channel that allows employees to access homegrown and third-party learning tools and content. We seek to proactively recognize employees who are performing at a high level, including through quarterly Spotlight Awards that provide for cash bonuses and recognition on our quarterly all-employee town hall meetings. 
 
 In early 2022, we launched the Cyxtera Leadership Development Program, a strategic initiative designed to identify and develop the next generation of our company leadership. Participants, who range from Vice Presidents to individual contributors, were selected based on their current outstanding performance, overall skill set and leadership potential. The goal of the program is to work with each selected employee to assess their current leadership skills and identify areas of focus and improvement to enable and empower their future career path. 
 
 Employee Health and Safety 
 
 We are dedicated to ensuring the health and safety of our team members, customers, partners and suppliers. To that end, our dedicated global health and safety function ensures that employees are trained on best practices to create a safe and healthy workplace for all. 
 
 Employee Engagement and Satisfaction 
 
 We conduct periodic employee surveys as a means to receive feedback from our team members and improve employee engagement and satisfaction. We intend to conduct such surveys on at least an annual basis. 
 
 Sustainability 
 
 We are committed to protecting, connecting and powering a more sustainable digital world and to greening our customers supply chains. Through our sustainability efforts, Cyxtera strives to protect our planet and climate, unleash our people s potential to be a force for good and lead with purpose and integrity in everything we do. Our definition of business growth and success includes steadfastly adhering to best-in-class environmental, social and governance ESG practices. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 We are exposed to various environmental risks that may result in unanticipated losses and could affect our operating results and financial condition. Either the previous owners or we have conducted environmental reviews on a majority of the properties we have acquired. While some of these assessments have led to further investigation and sampling, none of the environmental assessments have revealed an environmental liability that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. See Risk Factors 
 10 

Risks Related to Environmental Laws and Climate Change Impacts Environmental regulations may impose new or unexpected costs on us. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 We carry comprehensive general liability, property, earthquake, flood and business interruption insurance covering all of the properties in our portfolio. We also carry coverage for technology professional liability and cybersecurity. We have selected policy specifications and insured limits that we believe to be appropriate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice. In the opinion of our management, we maintain adequate insurance with limits and coverages we believe to be commercially reasonable. We do not carry insurance for generally uninsured losses such as loss from riots and war, because such coverage is not available or is not available at commercially reasonable rates. In addition, although we carry earthquake and flood insurance on our properties in an amount and with deductibles that we believe are commercially reasonable, such policies are subject to limitations in certain flood and seismically active zones. Certain of the properties in our portfolio are located in areas known to be seismically active. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations The level of insurance coverage that we purchases may prove to be inadequate. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our Website and Availability of SEC Reports and Other Information 
 
 The Company maintains a website at the following address: https://www.cyxtera.com. The information on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our current reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is https://www.sec.gov. 
 
 Investors and others should note that Cyxtera routinely announces material information to investors and the marketplace using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and the Cyxtera investor relations website. We also intend to use certain social media channels as a means of disclosing information about us and our business to our colleagues, customers, investors and the public (Twitter - @cyxtera (https://twitter.com/cyxtera), Facebook Cyxtera Technologies (https://www.facebook.com/cyxtera), and LinkedIn Cyxtera Technologies (https://www.linkedin.com/company/cyxtera)). The information posted on social media channels is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. While not all of the information that the Company posts to the Cyxtera investor relations website or to social media accounts is of a material nature, some information could be deemed to be material. Accordingly, the Company encourages investors, the media and others interested in Cyxtera to review the information that it shares on the Company s investor relations website at www.ir.cyxtera.com, and regularly follow our social media accounts. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report and in our other public disclosures. The risks described below highlight potential events, trends or other circumstances that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing and could adversely affect the trading price of our securities. These risks could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results and from guidance we may provide regarding our expectations of future financial performance. This Annual Report also contains forward- 
 11 

looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 If we are unable to refinance our material indebtedness with near term maturities, we could be forced to liquidate and/or file for bankruptcy, and the holders of our Class A common stock could suffer a total loss on their investment. 
 
 We have substantial debt with near term maturities. Specifically, our 120.1 million revolving credit facility would have matured on November 1, 2023 (the 2021 Revolving Facility and our term loan facilities with 869.0 million of outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2022 mature on May 1, 2024 (the 2017 First Lien Term Facility and the 2019 First Lien Term Facility, and collectively with the 2021 Revolving Facility, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). On March 14, 2023, we entered into an amendment to our 2021 Revolving Facility, which, among other things, provided for an extension of the maturity date from November 1, 2023 to April 2, 2024, an approximately 18 million reduction to the borrowing capacity under such facility, a transition of the benchmark rate for such facility from LIBOR to SOFR, increases to the applicable interest rates for borrowings under such facility and certain other covenant modifications, including additional limitations on our ability to make investments and incur indebtedness. The Company is actively attempting to extend the maturity on, or refinance or repay, its revolving credit facility and long-term debt that mature in April 2024 and May 2024, respectively, to ensure it will have positive cash flow for the long-term foreseeable future. However, if the Company cannot successfully extend its revolving credit facility and long-term debt, or refinance or repay its revolving credit facility and long-term debt with proceeds from other sources, the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations when due in April 2024 and May 2024, respectively. As a result, the Company could be forced to consider all strategic alternatives including restructuring its debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying its business activities and strategic initiatives or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures, including liquidation or filing for bankruptcy. Our ability to successfully extend, refinance or repay our long-term debt could be adversely affected by numerous factors outside of our control, including changes in the economic or business environment, financial market volatility and the performance of our business. We caution that trading in our securities is highly speculative, and the trading prices for our securities may bear little or no relationship to the actual recovery, if any, by holders of our Class A common stock in any bankruptcy or liquidation proceedings that we may be forced to undertake if we are unable to extend, refinance or repay our long-term debt. In the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation, the claims in respect of indebtedness rank senior to claims of an equity holder, and the holders of Class A common stock could suffer a total loss on their investment. Even if we are able to refinance our debt, the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt. Furthermore, if prevailing interest rates or other factors at the time of refinancing result in higher interest rates upon refinancing, then the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase. These risks could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Our substantial indebtedness and our current liquidity constraints could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and our ability to service our debt, which could negatively impact your ability to recover your investment in the Company s Class A common stock. 
 
 We have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,121.8 million and 907.0 million in finance lease obligations and long-term debt outstanding under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, respectively. If we are unable to maintain or increase our profitability and cash flows and sustain such results in future periods, our ability to service our debt and/or comply with the financial and/or operating covenants under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities could be adversely affected. Our substantial amount of debt and related covenants and the current constraints on our liquidity could have important consequences. For example, they could: 
 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund future capital expenditures, expansion efforts, working capital and other general corporate requirements; 
 
 12 

increase the likelihood of negative outlook from credit rating agencies, or of a further downgrade to our current rating; 
 
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our various debt instruments; 
 
 increase our cost of borrowing and limit our ability to access additional debt to fund future growth or maintain adequate liquidity; 
 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and adverse changes in governmental regulations; 
 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; 
 
 limit our operating flexibility through covenants with which we must comply; and 
 
 make us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates because of the variable interest rates on some of our borrowings. 
 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, which could negatively impact your ability to recover your investment in the Company s Class A common stock. 
 
 Our ability to meet our expenses, to remain in compliance with our covenants under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and to make future principal and interest payments in respect of our debt depends on, among other factors, our operating performance, competitive developments and financial market conditions, all of which are significantly affected by financial, business, economic and other factors. We are not able to control many of these factors. Given current industry and economic conditions, our cash flows may not be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Needs and Capital Strategy 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain covenants that may limit our flexibility to raise additional capital and take advantage of certain business opportunities advantageous to us. 
 
 We may need to incur additional debt to support our growth in the future. Our substantial amount of debt and related covenants could impair our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate purposes may be impaired. Our Senior Secured Credit Facilities contain various covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: 
 
 pay dividends or make other distributions to our shareholders; 
 
 make restricted payments; 
 
 incur liens; 
 
 engage in transactions with affiliates; 
 
 modify certain material contracts; and 
 
 enter into business combinations. 
 
 On March 14, 2023, we entered into an amendment to our 2021 Revolving Facility, which, among other things, provided for an extension of the maturity date from November 1, 2023 to April 2, 2024, an approximately 18 million reduction to the borrowing capacity under such facility, a transition of the benchmark rate for such facility from LIBOR to SOFR, increases to the applicable interest rates for borrowings under such facility and 
 13 

certain other covenant modifications, including additional limitations on our ability to make investments and incur indebtedness. These restrictions could limit our ability to obtain future financing, make acquisitions, fund needed capital expenditures, withstand economic downturns in our business or the economy in general, conduct operations or otherwise take advantage of business opportunities that may arise. At the same time, the covenants contained in our Senior Secured Credit Facilities may not provide investors with protections against transactions that they may deem undesirable. These risks could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 An inability to access external sources of capital on favorable terms or at all could limit our ability to execute our business and growth strategies. 
 
 We may not be able to fund future capital needs from operating cash flow, especially with respect to new data center expansions and acquisitions. Consequently, we intend to rely on third-party sources of capital to fund a substantial amount of our future capital needs. Any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage, expose us to the risk of default and impose operating restrictions on us. In addition, any equity financing could be materially dilutive to the equity interests held by our shareholders. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends, in part, on general market conditions, the market s perception of our growth potential, our leverage, our current and expected results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and the market price of our Class A common stock. There can be no assurances that we can successfully obtain third-party capital on favorable terms or at all. If we cannot obtain capital when needed, we may not be able to execute our business and growth strategies, satisfy our debt service obligations or fund our other business needs, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in the markets in which we operate internationally could harm our results of operations. 
 
 We may experience gains and losses resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. A majority of revenues and costs in our international operations are denominated in foreign currencies. We are exposed to risks resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in connection with our international operations. As was the case in 2022, our earnings before interest, depreciation, amortization and taxes could be adversely affected by declines in foreign currencies relative to the US Dollar. Declines in the US Dollar relative to foreign currencies, on the other hand, could lead to our operating costs being more than anticipated to the extent we are required to pay foreign contractors in foreign currencies. 
 
 In addition, fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates have a direct impact on how our international results of operations translate into US Dollars. We do not currently have any foreign exchange hedging transactions to reduce foreign currency transaction exposure. Therefore, if the US Dollar strengthens relative to the currencies of the foreign countries in which we operate, as was the case in 2022, our consolidated financial position and results of operations may be negatively impacted as amounts in foreign currencies will generally translate into fewer US Dollars. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Operations 
 
 Inflation in the global economy, increased interest rates and adverse global economic conditions, like the ones we are currently experiencing, could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Inflation in the United States, Europe and other regions has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades, and it has had a material impact on our business, by, for example, materially increasing our interest rate payments on our outstanding debt and the cost of obtaining new capital. Rising prices for materials related to construction and our data center offerings, energy and gas prices, as well as rising wages and benefits costs negatively impact our business by increasing our operating costs. The levels of inflation we are currently experiencing may cause a decrease in sales of our offerings should customers scale back their operations and could result in churn in our customer base, reductions in revenues from our offerings, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Customers and vendors filing for bankruptcy could also lead to costly and time-intensive actions with adverse effects, including 
 14 

greater difficulty or delay in accounts receivable collection. Adverse global economic conditions like the ones we are currently experiencing with global inflation, the increased cost of power, and supply chain issues have created, and in the future may increase, risk to our business and financial outlook. 
 
 Our efforts to mitigate the risks associated with these adverse conditions may not be successful and our business and growth could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions. 
 
 US and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops occurred. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine has led to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, and to supply chain interruptions for micro-electronics and components required in the manufacture of equipment that we and/or our customers use in the provision or use of our services. We are experiencing an increase in our costs to procure power, which has been exacerbated by the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. In addition, the current volatility in the financial markets, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could affect our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we desire, or need, to do so, which could have an impact on our liquidity, ability to refinance our existing debt, flexibility to pursue additional expansion opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in the future. The ongoing conflict could also compromise existing semiconductor chip production and have downstream implications for us. We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine and globally and assessing its potential impact on our business. 
 
 Our business depends upon the demand for data centers. 
 
 We are in the business of owning, leasing and operating data centers. A reduction in the demand for data center space, power or connectivity would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we had less specialized use. We are susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate information technology IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to markets that we do not currently serve. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. In addition, our customers may choose to develop new data centers or expand their own existing data centers or consolidate into data centers that we do not own or operate, which could reduce demand for our data centers or result in the loss of one or more key customers. If any of our key customers were to do so, it could result in a reduction in our revenues and/or put pressure on our pricing. If we lose a customer, we may not be able to replace that customer at a competitive rate or at all. Mergers or consolidations could reduce further the number of our customers and potential customers and make us more dependent on a more limited number of customers. If our customers merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our data centers in the future. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors. 
 
 Our products and services have a long sales cycle that may harm our revenues and operating results. 
 
 A customer s decision to license space in a Cyxtera data center and to purchase additional services typically involves a significant commitment of resources. As a result, we have a long sales cycle for our products and services. Furthermore, we may expend significant time and resources in pursuing a particular sale or customer that ultimately does not result in revenue. 
 
 15 

Macroeconomic conditions, including economic and market downturns, may further impact this long sales cycle by making it extremely difficult for customers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. This could cause customers to slow spending or delay decision-making on our products and services, which would delay and lengthen our sales cycle. 
 
 Delays due to the length of our sales cycle may materially and adversely affect our revenues and operating results, which could harm our ability to meet our financial forecasts for a given quarter and cause volatility in our stock price. 
 
 We have significant customer concentration, with a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our revenues. Failure to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base could harm our business and operating results. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Lumen, our largest customer, accounted for 10 of revenue. As of December 31, 2022, our top 20 and top 50 largest customers (in each case, including Lumen) accounted for 42 and 56 of recurring revenue, respectively. While our customer contracts generally include committed terms of three years with early termination charges for termination prior to the end of such committed term, there are risks whenever a large percentage of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of customers. It is not possible for us to predict the level of demand that will be generated by any of these customers in the future. In addition, revenues from these larger customers may fluctuate from time to time based on these customers business needs and customer experience, the timing of which may be affected by market conditions or other factors outside of our control. These customers could also potentially pressure us to reduce the prices we charge, which could have an adverse effect on our margins and financial position and could negatively affect our revenues and results of operations. If any of our largest customers terminates its relationship with us or materially reduces the services it acquires from us, such termination or reduction could negatively affect our revenues and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to attract, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, consisting of enterprises, cloud service providers and network service providers, may affect our ability to maximize our revenues. Dense and desirable customer concentrations within a facility enable us to better generate significant interconnection revenues, which in turn increases our overall revenues. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers depends on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center s operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. If we are unable to develop, provide or effectively execute any of these factors, we may fail to develop, grow and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The successful operation of our business is highly dependent on third parties and any failure of our physical infrastructure or damage to customer infrastructure within our data centers could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenue and harm our business reputation and financial results. 
 
 Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safehouse our customers infrastructure and equipment located in our data centers and ensure that our data centers and offices remain operational at all times. While we own two of our data centers, we lease the remainder of our data centers and rely on our landlords for basic maintenance of our leased data centers. If a landlord fails to properly and adequately maintain such data center, we may be forced to exit that data center earlier than we would have otherwise, which could be disruptive to our business. 
 
 Problems at one or more of our data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage. These could result from numerous factors, including: 
 
 human error; 
 
 16 

maintenance lapses and/or failures; 
 
 equipment failure; 
 
 availability of parts and materials needed to appropriately maintain our infrastructure; 
 
 cybersecurity incidents, including physical and electronic breaches; 
 
 fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood, tornado and other nature disasters; 
 
 extreme temperatures; 
 
 water damage; 
 
 fiber cuts; 
 
 power loss, water loss and or loss of other local utilities; 
 
 terrorist acts; 
 
 sabotage and vandalism; and 
 
 civil disorder. 
 
 We have service-level commitment obligations to our customers. As a result, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our data centers could result in difficulty maintaining service-level commitments to these customers and potential claims related to such failures. Because our data centers are critical to many of our customers businesses, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our data centers could also result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers. There can be no assurance that a court would enforce any contractual limitations on our liability in the event that one of our customers brings a lawsuit against us as a result of a problem at a Cyxtera data center. Furthermore, we may decide to reach settlements with affected customers irrespective of any such contractual limitations. Any such settlement may result in a reduction of revenue under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ). In addition, any loss of service, equipment damage or inability to meet our service-level commitment obligations could reduce the confidence of our customers and could consequently impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results. 
 
 Furthermore, we are dependent upon major internet service providers, telecommunications carriers and other website operators in North America, Europe and Asia, some of which have experienced significant system failures and electrical outages in the past. Our customers may in the future experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and offerings. If, for any reason, these providers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 Our business could be harmed by prolonged power outages, power and fuel shortages, capacity constraints and increases in power costs. 
 
 Our data centers are affected by problems accessing electricity sources, such as planned or unplanned power outages and limitations on transmission or distribution. Unplanned power outages, including, but not limited to, those relating to large storms, earthquakes, fires, tsunamis, cyberattacks and planned power outages by public utilities could harm our customers and our business. Some of our data centers are located in leased buildings where, depending upon the lease requirements and number of tenants involved, we may or may not control some or all of the infrastructure including generators and fuel tanks. As a result, in the event of a power outage, we may be dependent upon the landlord, as well as the utility company, to restore the power. We attempt to limit our exposure 
 17 

to system downtime by using backup generators and alternative power supplies, but these measures may not always prevent downtime, which can adversely affect customer experience and revenues. 
 
 In each of our markets, we rely on third parties to provide a sufficient amount of power for current and future customers. At the same time, power and cooling requirements are increasing per unit of equipment. As a result, some customers are consuming an increasing amount of power for the same amount of infrastructure. We generally do not control the amount of power our customers draw from their installed circuits, which can result in growth in the aggregate power consumption of our facilities beyond our original planning and expectations. This means that limitations on the capacity of our electrical delivery systems and equipment could limit customer utilization of our data centers. These limitations could have a negative impact on the effective available capacity of a given data center and limit our ability to grow our business, which could have a negative impact on our financial performance, operating results and cash flows. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators and alternative power supplies, but these measures may not always prevent downtime, which can adversely affect customer experience and revenues. 
 
 Recently, the cost of electricity has generally risen due to macroeconomic natural gas supply and demand constraints, initially beginning with inadequate natural gas reserves in Europe to meet European demand in light of sanctions on Russian natural gas supply as a result of the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. In addition, we expect the cost of utilities, specifically electricity, will generally continue to increase in the future on a cost-per-unit or fixed basis and for growth in consumption of electricity by our customers. In addition, we expect the cost of utilities, specifically electricity, will generally continue to increase in the future on a cost-per-unit or fixed basis and for growth in consumption of electricity by our customers. Furthermore, the cost of electricity is generally higher in the summer months, as compared to other times of the year. Our costs of electricity may also increase as a result of the physical effects of climate change, increased regulations driving alternative electricity generation due to environmental considerations or as a result of our election to use renewable energy sources. To the extent we incur increased utility costs, such increased costs could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our international operations expose us to regulatory, currency, legal, tax and other risks distinct from those we face in the United States. 
 
 Although our operations are primarily based in the United States, we also have a presence outside of the United States, in Europe and Asia. Foreign operations involve risks that are in addition to those risks generally associated with investments in the United States, including: 
 
 our limited knowledge of and relationships with customers, contractors, suppliers or other parties in these markets; 
 
 protectionist laws and business practices favoring local competition; 
 
 political and economic instability; 
 
 wars, such as the current military conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 
 complexity and costs associated with managing international operations; 
 
 difficulty in hiring qualified management, sales and other personnel and service providers in these markets; 
 
 differing employment practices and labor issues; 
 
 compliance with evolving governmental regulation with which we have limited experience; 
 
 compliance with economic and trade sanctions enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury; 
 
 18 

compliance with data privacy and cybersecurity laws, rules and regulations applicable to our business; 
 
 our ability to obtain, transfer or maintain licenses required by governmental entities with respect to our business; 
 
 unexpected changes in regulatory, tax and political environments; 
 
 exposure to increased taxation, confiscation or expropriation and the risk of forced nationalization; 
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 
 currency transfer restrictions and limitations on our ability to distribute cash earned in foreign jurisdictions to the United States; 
 
 difficulty in enforcing agreements in non-US jurisdictions, including in the event of a default by one or more of our customers, suppliers or contractors; 
 
 compliance with anti-bribery, corruption and export control laws; 
 
 difficulties in managing across cultures and in foreign languages; and 
 
 global pandemics or health emergencies, such as COVID-19. 
 
 Geopolitical events, such as the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may increase the likelihood of the risks above to occur and could have a negative effect on our business in the affected regions. In addition, compliance with international and US laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. These laws and regulations include the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and other data privacy laws and requirements, cybersecurity laws, labor relations laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, import and trade restrictions, export requirements, economic and trade sanctions, US laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local laws which also prohibit corrupt payments to governmental officials such as the UK Bribery Act and the Singapore Prevention of Corruption Act. We have several customers in China named in restrictive executive orders. If we are required to cease business with these companies, or additional companies in the future, our revenues could be adversely affected. Violations of any of these domestic or international laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to make our offerings available in one or more countries and could also materially damage our reputation, brand, ability to attract and retain employees, business and results of operations. 
 
 Our inability to overcome these risks could adversely affect our foreign operations and growth prospects and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to recruit or retain key executives and qualified personnel, our business could be harmed . 
 
 Our business is substantially dependent on the performance of senior management and key personnel. We must also continue to identify, hire, train and retain key personnel who maintain relationships with our customers and who can provide the technical, strategic and marketing skills required for our growth. There is a shortage of qualified personnel in these fields, and we compete with other companies for the limited pool of talent. The failure to recruit and retain necessary key executives and personnel could cause disruption, harm our business and hamper our ability to grow the company. 
 
 19 

We may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. 
 
 The global multi-tenant data center market is highly fragmented. We compete with a significant number of firms which vary in terms of their data center offerings. We must continue to evolve our product strategy and be able to differentiate our data centers and product offerings from those of our competitors. 
 
 Our competitors may adopt aggressive pricing policies. As a result, we may suffer from pricing pressure that would adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. Some of our competitors may also provide customers with additional benefits, including bundled communication services or cloud services, and may do so in a manner that is more attractive to potential customers than obtaining space in our data centers. Similarly, with growing acceptance of cloud-based technologies, we are at risk of losing customers that may decide to fully leverage cloud infrastructure offerings instead of managing their own. Competitors could also operate more successfully or form alliances to acquire significant market share. 
 
 Failure to compete successfully may materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
 
 Our operating results may fluctuate. 
 
 We have experienced fluctuations in our results of operations on a quarterly and annual basis. The fluctuations in our operating results may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to be volatile. We may experience significant fluctuations in our operating results in the foreseeable future due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 fluctuations of foreign currencies in the markets in which we operate that may impact the value of our foreign revenue and profitability; 
 
 demand for space, power and solutions at our data centers; 
 
 changes in general economic conditions, such as an economic downturn, or specific market conditions in the internet and data communications and broader technology industries, all of which may have an impact on our customer base; 
 
 the duration of the sales cycle for our offerings; 
 
 additions and changes in product offerings and our ability to ramp up and integrate new products; 
 
 the financial condition and credit risk of our customers; 
 
 the provision of customer discounts and credits; 
 
 the mix of current and proposed products and offerings and the gross margins associated with our products and offerings; 
 
 the timing required for future data centers to open or become fully utilized; 
 
 competition in the markets in which we operate; 
 
 conditions related to international operations; 
 
 increasing repair and maintenance expenses in connection with aging data centers; 
 
 20 

changes in rent expense and shared operating costs in connection with our leases, which are commonly referred to as common area maintenance expenses, as we amend, extend or renew our data center leases in the future; 
 
 the timing and magnitude of other operating expenses; 
 
 the cost and availability of adequate public utilities, including electricity; 
 
 implementation of our employee stock-based compensation practices as a newly public company and changes in employee stock-based compensation; 
 
 overall inflation; 
 
 increasing interest expense due to any increases in interest rates and/or potential additional debt financings; 
 
 changes in tax planning strategies or failure to realize anticipated benefits from such strategies; and 
 
 changes in income tax benefit or expense. 
 
 Any of the foregoing factors, or other factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, a relatively large portion of our expenses are fixed in the short term, particularly with respect to lease and personnel expenses, depreciation and amortization and interest expenses. Therefore, our results of operations are particularly sensitive to fluctuations in revenues. As such, comparisons to prior reporting periods should not be relied upon as indications of our future performance. In addition, our operating results in one or more future quarters may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 
 
 We have incurred substantial losses in the past and expect to incur additional losses in the future. 
 
 We had a net loss of 355.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and had an accumulated deficit of 1,576.5 million as of December 31, 2022. We have never been profitable and do not expect to generate positive net income until at least 2030. However, our ability to achieve profitability is dependent upon many factors, including several that may be difficult to predict and/or control, such as continued bookings growth, stable customer churn, the ability to continue to apply contractual price escalators under our customer contracts, stability in energy pricing, management of personnel costs and stability in interest rates. We cannot provide any assurances that we will become profitable within this timeframe or at all. 
 
 We have incurred a goodwill impairment charge, and in the future could incur additional impairment charges, which could harm our profitability. 
 
 We have significant amounts of long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.0 billion of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. We periodically review the carrying values of goodwill and intangible assets to determine whether such carrying values exceed their fair market values. Declines in the profitability of the Company, due to economic or market conditions or otherwise, as well as adverse changes in financial, competitive and other conditions, could adversely affect the values of our reporting units, resulting in an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets. In addition, adverse changes to the key valuation assumptions contributing to the fair value of our reporting units could result in an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded 153.6 million of goodwill and intangible asset impairment. For additional details, see Note 2 Summary Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in this Annual Report. Based on future economic and capital market conditions, as well as the operating performance of our reporting units, future impairment charges could be incurred, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 
 21 

We lease space in several locations under long-term non-cancellable lease agreements and the non-renewal or loss of such leases, or the continuing obligations under such leases in the event of a loss of customers or customer revenues, could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We lease the space that houses our data centers in all but two of our locations. Our data center leases are typically long-term, non-cancellable leases. As of December 31, 20 22, our data center leases have remaining lease terms of 1 year to 32 years. As of December 31, 2022, five of our leased facilities had a lease term expiring in less than five years, and an additional three leased facilities had lease terms expiring in less than 10 years. 
 
 Our landlords could attempt to evict us for reasons beyond our control. If we are forced to vacate any leased data center space, we will incur significant costs due to the high costs of relocating the equipment in these facilities and installing the necessary infrastructure in a new data center property. We may also lose customers that chose their services based on the location of the relevant data center. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to renew our data center leases on or prior to their expiration dates on favorable terms or at all. Certain of our landlords may view us as a competitor, which may impact their willingness to extend these leases beyond their contracted expiration dates. If we are unable to renew our lease agreements, we could lose a significant number of customers who are unwilling to relocate their equipment to another one of our data center properties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Even if we are able to renew our lease agreements, the terms and other costs of renewal may be less favorable than our existing lease arrangements. Failure to sufficiently increase revenue from customers at these facilities to offset these potential higher costs could have a material adverse effect on us. Further, we may be unable to maintain good working relationships with our landlords, which would adversely affect our relationship with and potentially result in the loss of current customers. This would have a significant impact on our customer satisfaction and relationships and would greatly reduce our chances of not only retaining the revenue in question, but also any future business with those customers. 
 
 Our government customers, contracts and subcontracts may subject us to additional risks, including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We derive revenue from contracts with state and local governments and subcontracts with government contractors that provide services to the US federal government and state and local governments. Some of these customers may be entitled to terminate all or part of their contracts at any time, without cause. These contracts are subject, directly or indirectly, to approval of appropriations to fund by lawmakers who may reduce or eliminate such appropriations. 
 
 Government contracts and subcontracts also are generally subject to government audits and investigations. To the extent we fail to comply with laws or regulations related to such contracts, any such audit or investigation of us could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of such contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from future government business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial or strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction. 
 
 We may make acquisitions in the future. Such acquisitions may include, without limitation, acquisitions of individual facilities in new geographic markets as well as acquisitions of individual facilities or larger platforms that would enhance our customer and service provider ecosystem. We may pay for future acquisitions by using our existing cash resources (which may limit other potential uses of cash), incurring additional debt (which may increase interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements) and/or issuing shares (which may dilute existing shareholders). We have a limited history of acquisitions, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively and successfully complete acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions expose us to many potential risks, including risks relating to disruption of our business; diversion of management attention; our ability to properly identify and value suitable acquisition targets; our ability to identify and plan for all material risks and potential liabilities of any particular acquisition target; our ability to complete acquisitions for which we enter into a definitive acquisition agreement; litigation related to any potential acquisition; our ability to integrate the acquired business in 
 22 

a timely and efficient manner that does not disrupt the acquired business or our remaining business; and continuity of the acquired business and our key customer, landlord and/or supplier relationships. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. If an acquisition does not proceed or is materially delayed for any reason, the price of our Class A common stock may be adversely impacted, and we may not recognize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. 
 
 If we cannot continue to develop, acquire, market and provide new offerings or enhanced offerings that meet customer requirements and differentiate us from competitors, our operating results could suffer. 
 
 We must remain flexible and evolve along with new technologies and industry and market shifts. In order to adapt effectively, we must sometimes make long-term investments, develop, acquire or obtain certain intellectual property and commit significant resources before knowing whether there will be adequate customer demand for our new offerings. If we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new offerings may not succeed, and our revenues and earnings may be harmed. Additionally, any delay in the development, acquisition, marketing or launch of a new offering could result in customer dissatisfaction or attrition. Ineffective planning and execution in our product development strategies may cause difficulty in sustaining our competitive advantages. If we cannot continue adapting our products, or if our competitors can adapt their products more quickly, our business could be harmed. 
 
 The process of developing new offerings and enhancing existing offerings is complex. Our research and software development teams have positioned us to do well to develop innovative new offerings and enhance existing offerings to meet our customers evolving IT strategies. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop such offerings or enhancements in a timely and cost-effective manner or at all. If we cannot develop such offerings or enhancements in house, we may have to acquire technologies from third parties if available, which may require significant expenditures and may require us to compete against other data center providers, some of whom are significantly larger and have greater financial and other resources, to acquire such technologies. 
 
 Our customer contracts could subject us to significant liability, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements with our customers pursuant to which we provide them with data center space, power and connectivity products. These contracts typically contain indemnification and liability provisions, in addition to service-level commitments, which could potentially impose a significant cost on us in the event of losses arising out of certain breaches of such agreements, services to be provided by us or our subcontractors (if any) or from third-party claims. Customers increasingly are looking to pass through their regulatory obligations and other liabilities to their outsourced data center providers and we may not be able to limit our liability or damages in an event of loss suffered by such customers whether as a result of our breach of an agreement or otherwise. Further, liabilities and standards for damages and enforcement actions, including the regulatory framework applicable to different types of losses, vary by jurisdiction, and we may be subject to greater liability for certain losses in certain jurisdictions. If such an event of loss occurred, we could be liable for material monetary damages and could incur significant legal fees in defending against such an action, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to provide data center space to existing or new customers could be constrained by our ability to provide sufficient electrical power. 
 
 As current and future customers increase their power footprint in our data centers over time, the corresponding reduction in available power could limit our ability to increase occupancy rates or network density within our existing data centers. Furthermore, at certain of our data centers, our aggregate maximum contractual obligation to provide power and cooling to our customers may exceed the physical capacity at such data centers if customers were to quickly increase their demand for power and cooling. If we are not able to increase the available power and/or cooling or move the customer to another location within our data centers with sufficient power and cooling to meet such demand, we could lose the customer as well as be exposed to liability under our agreement with such customer. In addition, our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade. Accordingly, we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring 
 23 

significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. Any such material loss of customers, liability or additional costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Data Security, Intellectual Property and Technology Industry Regulations 
 
 We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. 
 
 The technology industry generally and specific industries in which certain of our customers operate are characterized by rapidly changing technology, customer requirements and industry standards. New systems to deliver power to or eliminate heat in data centers or the development of new server technology that do not require the levels of critical load and heat removal that our facilities are designed to provide and could be run less expensively on a different platform could make our data center infrastructure obsolete. Our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade, and we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the infrastructure that connects our data centers to the internet and other external networks may become insufficient, including with respect to latency, reliability and connectivity. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies or meet customer demands for new processes or technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, which would adversely impact our ability to sustain and grow our business. 
 
 Further, our inability to adapt to changing customer requirements may make our data centers obsolete or unmarketable to such customers. Some of our customers operate at significant scale across numerous data center facilities and have designed cloud and computing networks with redundancies and fail-over capabilities across these facilities, which enhances the resiliency of their networks and applications. As a result, these customers may realize cost benefits by locating their data center operations in facilities with less electrical or mechanical infrastructure redundancy than is found in our existing data center facilities. Additionally, some of our customers have begun to operate their data centers using a wider range of humidity levels and at temperatures that are higher than servers customarily have operated at in the past, all of which may result in energy cost savings for these customers. We may not be able to operate our existing data centers under these environmental conditions, particularly as our other customers may not be willing to operate under these conditions, and our data centers could be at a competitive disadvantage to facilities that satisfy such requirements. Because we may not be able to modify the redundancy levels or environmental systems of our existing data centers cost effectively, these or other changes our customer requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, due to regulations that apply to our customers as well as industry standards that customers may deem desirable, such as ISO and SOC certifications, our customers may seek specific requirements from our data centers that we are unable to provide. If new or different regulations or standards are adopted or such extra requirements are demanded by our customers, we could lose some customers or be unable to attract new customers in certain industries, which could materially and adversely affect our operations. 
 
 We may be vulnerable to cybersecurity incidents, including physical and electronic breaches, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results. 
 
 We face risks associated with unauthorized access to our computer systems, denial of service, loss or destruction of data, computer viruses, malware or other malicious activities. A party who is able to compromise the security measures on our networks or the security of our infrastructure could, among other things, misappropriate our proprietary information and the personal information of our customers and employees, cause interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers operations, cause delays or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs, cause us to breach our legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, create an inability to access or rely upon critical business records or cause other disruptions to our operations. These incidents may result from human errors, equipment failure, or fraud or malice on the part of employees, third parties or malicious actors. As we increasingly market the security features in our data centers, we may be targeted by computer hackers seeking to compromise our 
 24 

data security. 
 
 We are committed to protecting against such threats. We expend financial resources to protect against physical and electronic breaches, and may be required to further expend financial resources to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. As techniques used to breach security are growing in frequency and sophistication and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, regardless of our expenditures and protection efforts, we may not be able to promptly detect that a breach has occurred, or implement security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, we may not be able to determine the extent to which these measures could be circumvented. Any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential future customers, damage relating to loss of proprietary information, harm to our reputation, increases in our security costs and lawsuits, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results. Any breaches could also delay or prevent us from maintaining security certifications that our customers rely on such as SOC-1, SOC-2 and ISO 27001. We maintain insurance coverage for cyber risks, but such coverage may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our losses. In the event of a cybersecurity incident resulting in loss of data, such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws, we may be liable for damages, fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks despite not handling the data. Furthermore, if a high-profile security breach or cyberattack occurs with respect to another provider of mission-critical data center facilities, our customers and potential customers may lose trust in the security of these business models generally, which could harm our reputation and brand image as well as our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones. In addition, the regulatory framework around data custody, data privacy and breaches varies by jurisdiction and is an evolving area of law. We may not be able to limit our liability or damages in the event of such a loss. 
 
 We offer professional services to our customers where we assist with implementation and remote management. The access to our clients networks and data, which is gained from these services, creates risk that our clients networks or data will be improperly accessed. If we were held responsible for any such incident, it could result in significant loss, including damage to our client relationships, harm to our brand and reputation and legal liability. 
 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights. 
 
 We cannot make assurances that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to deter misappropriation of proprietary information or that we will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights. We are also subject to the risk of litigation alleging infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. Any such claims could require us to spend significant sums in litigation, pay damages, develop non-infringing intellectual property or acquire licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of the alleged infringement. 
 
 Government regulation may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Various laws and governmental regulations, both in the United States and in the other jurisdictions where we currently operate or may operate in the future, governing internet-related services, related communications services and information technologies remain largely unsettled, even in areas where there has been some legislative action. We remain focused on whether and how existing and changing laws, such as those governing intellectual property, privacy, libel, telecommunications services (including net neutrality laws), data flows/data localization, cybersecurity, carbon emissions impact and taxation apply to the internet and to related offerings such as our offerings, and substantial resources may be required to comply with regulations or bring any non-compliant business practices into compliance with such regulations. In addition, the continuing development of the market for online commerce and the displacement of traditional telephony service by the internet and related communications services may prompt an increased call for more stringent consumer protection laws or other regulation both in the United States and abroad that may impose additional burdens on companies conducting business online and their service providers. The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet and our business, or interpretations of existing laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 25 

Risks Related to Environmental Laws and Climate Change Impacts 
 
 Environmental regulations may impose new or unexpected costs on us. 
 
 We are subject to various federal, state, local and international environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, including those relating to the generation, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. Certain of these laws and regulations also impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for investigation and cleanup costs on current and former owners and operators of real property and persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. Our operations involve the use of hazardous substances and materials such as petroleum fuel for emergency generators, as well as batteries, refrigerants, cleaning solutions and other materials. In addition, we lease, own or operate real property at which hazardous substances and regulated materials have been used in the past. At some of our locations, hazardous substances or regulated materials are known to be present in soil or groundwater, and there may be additional unknown hazardous substances or regulated materials present at sites we lease, own or operate. At some of our locations, there are land use restrictions in place relating to earlier environmental cleanups that do not materially limit our use of the sites. To the extent any hazardous substances or any other substance or material must be cleaned up or removed from our property, we may be responsible under applicable laws, permits or leases for the removal or cleanup of such substances or materials, the cost of which could be substantial. 
 
 We purchase significant amounts of electricity from generating facilities and utility companies that are subject to environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements. Changes in laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the US Environmental Protection Agency which could limit air emissions from coal-fired power plants, restrict discharges of cooling water and otherwise impose new operational restraints on conventional power plants that could increase costs of electricity may be passed on to consumers, including us. Regulatory programs intended to promote increased generation of electricity from renewable sources may also increase our costs of procuring electricity. In addition, we are directly subject to environmental, health and safety laws regulating air emissions, storm water management and other issues arising in our business. For example, our emergency generators are subject to state and federal regulations governing air pollutants, which could limit the operation or preventative maintenance testing of those generators or require the installation of new pollution control technologies. Noncompliance with such laws, including as a result of unexpected events, equipment malfunctions or human error, could result in substantial administrative, civil and criminal penalties and injunctive obligations, and lead to additional capital requirements, limitations upon our operations and unexpected increased costs. 
 
 Additionally, at the international level, in December 2015, the United States and a coalition of international partners adopted the Paris Agreement at the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (the Paris Agreement ), which calls on the parties to undertake ambitious efforts to limit the average global temperature, and to conserve and enhance sinks and reservoirs of greenhouse gases. In 2021, the Biden administration announced a new Nationally Determined Contribution to the Paris Agreement which contained a new greenhouse gas GHG target for the United States calling on it to reduce net GHG emissions by 50 -52 below 2005 levels by 2030. Other countries have announced targeted reductions as well. Carbon pricing initiatives have been implemented or are under consideration in countries around the world, the largest being the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme covering all EU countries plus some others. The course of future legislation and regulation in the United States and abroad remains difficult to predict and the potential increased costs associated with GHG regulation or taxes cannot be estimated at this time. 
 
 State regulations also have the potential to increase our costs of obtaining electricity. The majority of states have released some version of a climate action plan or are revising or developing one. Certain states, like California, have issued or may enact environmental regulations that could materially affect our facilities and electricity costs. California has limited GHG emissions from new and existing conventional power plants by imposing regulatory caps and by auctioning the rights to emission allowances. Other states have issued regulations to implement similar carbon cap and trade program or are considering similar proposals to limit carbon emissions through cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes, carbon pricing initiatives and other mechanisms. Some northeastern states adopted a multi-state program for limiting carbon emissions through the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative cap and trade program. 
 26 

State programs have not had a material adverse effect on our electricity costs to date, but due to the market-driven nature of some of the programs, they could have a material adverse effect on electricity costs in the future. 
 
 Aside from regulatory requirements, we have separately undertaken efforts to procure energy from renewable energy projects in order to support new renewables development. The costs of procuring such energy may exceed the costs of procuring electricity from existing sources, such as existing utilities or electric service provided through conventional grids. These efforts to support and enhance renewable electricity generation may increase our costs of electricity above those that would be incurred through procurement of conventional electricity from existing sources. 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by climate change and responses to it . 
 
 Severe weather events, such as droughts, heat waves, fires, hurricanes and flooding, pose a threat to our data centers and our customers IT infrastructure through physical damage to facilities or equipment, power supply disruption and long-term effects on the cost of electricity. The frequency and intensity of severe weather events are reportedly increasing locally and regionally as part of broader climate changes and may cause the cost of operating expenses, like power, to increase over time. Global weather pattern changes may also pose long-term risks of physical impacts to our business. 
 
 We maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans that have been and would be implemented in the event of severe weather events that interrupt our business or affect our customers IT infrastructure. While these plans are designed to allow us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can interrupt our business, we cannot be certain that our plans will protect our or our customers from all such disasters or events. Failure to prevent impact to customers from such events could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We face pressures from our customers, who are increasingly focused on climate change, to prioritize sustainable energy practices, reduce our carbon footprint and promote sustainability. To address these concerns, we pursue opportunities to improve energy efficiency and implement energy-saving retrofits. It is possible, however, that our customers and investors might not be satisfied with our sustainability efforts or the speed of their adoption. If we do not meet our customers or shareholders expectations, our business and/or share price could be harmed. 
 
 Concern about climate change in various jurisdictions may result in more stringent laws and regulatory requirements regarding emissions of carbon dioxide or other GHGs. For example, the European Union Commission recently published a digital strategy that announced an intent to enact initiatives to achieve climate-neutral, highly energy-efficient and sustainable data centers by no later than 2030. Restrictions on carbon dioxide or other GHG emissions could result in significant increases in operating or capital costs, including higher energy costs generally, and increased costs from carbon taxes, emission cap and trade programs and renewable portfolio standards that are imposed upon our electricity suppliers. These higher energy costs, and the cost of complying across our global platform, or of failing to comply with these and other climate change regulations, may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. 
 
 The growing integration of ESG factors in making investment decisions is relatively new, and frameworks and methods used by investors for assessing ESG policies are not fully developed and vary considerably among the investment community. While we have enacted various policies and practices to address ESG matters, we do not currently report on our ESG policies and practices to the same degree as some of our competitors. As a result, we may not be adequately recognized for our current ESG efforts and there may be a perception held by the general public, our governmental partners, vendors, suppliers, other stakeholders or the communities in which we do business that our policies and procedures are insufficient. 
 
 We expect to continue to evolve and expand our ESG reporting in the future. However, by electing to set and publicly share these ESG standards, we may also face increased scrutiny related to our ESG activities. As a result, our reputation could be harmed if we fail to act responsibly in the areas in which we choose to report. Any 
 27 

harm to our reputation resulting from setting these standards or our failure or perceived failure to meet such standards could impact employee retention; the willingness of our governmental partners, vendors and suppliers to do business with us; investors willingness or ability to purchase or hold our securities; or our ability to access capital, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial performance and growth. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Laws including Tax Laws 
 
 The requirements of being a public company, including maintaining adequate internal control over our financial and management systems, may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board members. 
 
 We became a public company following the Business Combination. As a result, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and are required to comply with the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as well as the rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC (the Nasdaq ), including changes in corporate governance practices and the establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Compliance with these rules and regulations can be burdensome. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. 
 
 We have hired and may need to continue to hire additional accounting and financial staff, and engage outside consultants, all with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and maintain an internal audit function, which will increase our operating expenses. Moreover, we could incur additional compensation costs in the event that we decide to pay cash compensation closer to that of other publicly listed companies, which would increase our general and administrative expenses and could materially and adversely affect our profitability. We are evaluating these rules and regulations and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 
 
 We were previously not subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The standards required for a public company under Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those required of Legacy Cyxtera as a privately held company. Our most recent evaluation of our controls resulted in our conclusion that, as of December 31, 2022, in compliance with Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our internal controls over financial reporting were effective. If, however, in the future, our internal controls over financial reporting are found to be ineffective, or if a material weakness is identified in our controls over financial reporting, our financial results may be adversely affected. Investors may also lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements which could adversely affect our stock price. 
 
 US and non-US tax legislation and future changes to applicable US or non-US tax laws and regulations and/or their interpretation may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Tax rules and regulations are subject to interpretation and require judgment by us that may be successfully challenged by the applicable taxation authorities upon audit, which could result in additional tax liabilities. 
 
 We are subject to tax laws in the United States and each other jurisdiction where we do business, including Australia, Canada, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore and the United Kingdom, where a number of our subsidiaries are organized. Changes in tax laws or their interpretation could decrease the amount of revenues we receive, the value of any tax loss carry-forwards and tax credits recorded on our balance sheet and the amount of our cash flow, and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, other factors or events, including business combinations and investment transactions, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, adjustments to taxes upon finalization of various tax returns or as a result of deficiencies asserted by taxing authorities, increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, changes in available tax credits, other changes in the apportionment of our income and other activities among tax jurisdictions, and changes in tax rates, could also increase our future effective tax rate. 
 
 28 

In addition, our effective tax rate and tax liability are based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations, treaties and mix of income in the taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us and our diverse set of business arrangements is often open to interpretation, and can require us to take positions regarding the interpretation of applicable rules or the valuation of our assets that are subject to material uncertainty. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. The tax authorities could challenge our interpretation of laws, regulations and treaties or the positions that it has taken regarding the valuation of our assets, resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. 
 
 Our tax filings are subject to review or audit by the US Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and state, local and non-US taxing authorities. As discussed above, we exercise significant judgment in determining our worldwide provision for taxes and, in the ordinary course of our business, there may be transactions and calculations where the proper tax treatment is uncertain. We may also be liable for taxes in connection with businesses we acquire. Our determinations are not binding on the IRS or any other taxing authorities, and accordingly the final determination in an audit or other proceeding may be materially different than the treatment reflected in our tax provisions, accruals and returns. An assessment of additional taxes because of an audit could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, or interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us, any of which could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. We are unable to predict what changes will occur and, if so, the ultimate impact on our business. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on us, they may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For purposes of the foregoing, reference to us shall include references to us and our subsidiaries. 
 
 Our NOLs may not be available to offset future taxable income in the United States. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had gross NOLs of 300.8 million for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 440.9 million for state and local income tax purposes, and 20.4 million for foreign income tax purposes. Subject to expiration or other uses or limitations, these NOLs may be available to offset our future US taxable income, if any. However, as of the date hereof, we have not had any history of prior positive earnings. Further, certain of these NOLs, which are available and could potentially be utilized to offset tax that would otherwise be owed in respect of prior taxable corporate actions (including any incremental tax that might otherwise be owed as a result of an audit adjustment), if any, will begin to expire at various dates through 2042. In addition, under Section 382 of the Code, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (very generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in the corporation s equity ownership by certain shareholders or groups of shareholders over a rolling three-year period), the corporation s ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income is limited. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which might be beyond our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code. Future regulatory changes could also limit our ability to utilize our NOLs. In addition, utilization of NOLs in the United States generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 are limited to a maximum of 80 of the taxable income for such year determined without regard to the NOL deduction. To the extent our NOLs expire, are utilized to offset tax that would otherwise be owed as a result of prior corporate actions, are restricted or are otherwise not available to offset future taxable income with NOLs, our cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. For purposes of the foregoing, references to us shall include references to us and our subsidiaries. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Proposed REIT Conversion 
 
 Although we have chosen to pursue conversion to a REIT, we may not be successful in converting to a REIT by January 1, 2024, or at all. 
 
 On September 13, 2022, our board of directors unanimously approved Cyxtera s conversion to a REIT under the Code, with a target to complete the conversion by January 1, 2023. Subsequently, on November 16, 2022, 
 29 

our board of directors determined to target completion of our conversion to a REIT for federal income tax purposes by January 1, 2024 instead of January 1, 2023. There are significant implementation and operational complexities to address before we can convert to a REIT, including, without limitation, completing internal reorganizations, modifying accounting and information technology systems, and receiving any necessary shareholder and other approvals. Even if we are able to satisfy the existing REIT requirements or any future REIT requirements, the tax laws, regulations and interpretations governing REITs may change at any time in ways that could be disadvantageous to us. 
 
 Additionally, several conditions must be met in order to complete the conversion to a REIT, and the timing and outcome of many of these conditions are beyond our control. Even if the transactions necessary to implement REIT conversion are effected, our board of directors may decide not to elect REIT status, or to delay such election, if it determines in its sole discretion that it is not in the best interests of us or our shareholders. We can provide no assurance if or when conversion to a REIT will be successful. Furthermore, the effective date of the REIT conversion could be delayed beyond January 1, 2024, in which event we could not elect REIT status until the taxable year beginning January 1, 2025, at the earliest. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 
 Our stock price has recently been volatile, and as a result investors in our Class A common stock could lose some or all of their investment. 
 
 Our stock price has been recently volatile. For an example, on May 31, 2022, the price of our stock closed at 14.82 per share while on December 27, 2022 our stock closed at 1.57 per share. We may experience rapid and substantial increases or decreases in our stock price in the foreseeable future that may or may not coincide in timing with the disclosure of news or developments by us. The stock market in general has experienced heightened volatility related to inflation, increased interest rates and other macroeconomic factors. As a result of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investments in our Class A common stock. The market price for our Class A common stock may be influenced by many factors, including the following: 
 
 our ability to refinance our long-term existing debt; 
 
 variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 
 announcements related to delay in the REIT conversion; 
 
 announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us, our strategic collaboration partners or our competitors; 
 
 trading volume of our Class A common stock; 
 
 the impact of inflation and rising interest rates and its effect on us; 
 
 the impact of the ongoing Russian - Ukraine conflict and its effect on us; 
 
 the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its effect on us; 
 
 our ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which we raise it; 
 
 sales of our Class A common stock by us or our shareholders; 
 
 declines in the market prices of stocks generally or of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; and 
 
 general economic, industry and market conditions. 
 30 

If securities analysts issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade our Class A common stock, the price of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock depends, in part, on the research and reports that third-party securities analysts publish about us and the industries in which we operate. If any analyst that may cover us ceases covering us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price or trading volume of our Class A common stock to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us change their recommendation regarding our Class A common stock adversely or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors or if our reporting results do not meet analysts expectations, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 
 Our issuance of additional shares of Class A common stock or convertible securities may dilute your ownership interest in us and could adversely affect our stock price. 
 
 From time to time in the future, we may issue additional shares of our Class A common stock or securities convertible into Class A common stock pursuant to a variety of transactions, including acquisitions. Additional shares of our Class A common stock may also be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options. The issuance by us of additional shares of our Class A common stock or securities convertible into our Class A common stock would dilute your ownership interest in us and the sale of a significant amount of such shares in the public market could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Class A common stock. Subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions, shares issuable upon exercise of options and upon settlement of restricted stock unit and/or performance stock unit awards will be available for resale immediately in the public market without restriction. 
 
 In the future, we expect to obtain financing or to further increase our capital resources by issuing additional shares of our capital stock or offering debt or other equity securities, including senior or subordinated notes, debt securities convertible into equity, or shares of preferred stock. Issuing additional shares of our capital stock, other equity securities, or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our existing shareholders and reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Class A common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, which may adversely affect the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. As a result, holders of our Class A common stock bear the risk that our future offerings may reduce the market price of our Class A common stock and dilute their percentage ownership. 
 
 Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of our Class A common stock by us or our existing securityholders in the public market could cause the market price for our Class A common stock to decline. 
 
 The sale of substantial amounts of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of shares of our Class A common stock. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 
 Affiliates of BC Partners, Medina Capital and Starboard Value LP hold shares of our Class A common stock eligible for resale, subject to, in the case of certain shareholders, volume, manner of sale and other limitations under Rule 144. 
 
 If the holders of these shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them, the market price of shares of our Class A common stock could drop significantly. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through future offerings of our shares of Class A common stock or other securities. 
 
 31 

Anti-takeover provisions in our governing documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law each contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying or preventing an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. Among other things, our certificate of incorporation and/or our bylaws include the following provisions: 
 
 limitations on convening special shareholder meetings, which make it difficult for our shareholders to adopt desired governance changes; 
 
 a forum selection clause, which means certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware; 
 
 the authorization of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and shares of which may be issued without further action by our shareholders; and 
 
 advance notice procedures, which apply for shareholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
 These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), which prevents interested shareholders, such as certain shareholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding shares of our Class A common stock, from engaging in certain business combinations unless (i) prior to the time such shareholder became an interested shareholder, the board of directors approved the transaction that resulted in such shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in such shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 of the Class A common stock or (iii) following board approval, such business combination receives the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding Class A common stock not held by such interested shareholder at an annual or special meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Any provision of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our shareholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the JOBS Act ). As an emerging growth company, we may follow reduced disclosure requirements and do not have to make all of the disclosures that public companies that are not emerging growth companies do. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.235 billion or more; (b) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of the initial public offering of SVAC (the IPO (c) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (d) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC, which requires, among other things, that the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include: 
 
 not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 32 

not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 
 
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and 
 
 exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote of shareholders on executive compensation, shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved and having to disclose the ratio of the compensation of our chief executive officer to the median compensation of our employees. 
 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards; and as a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 
 
 We may choose to take advantage of some, but not all, of the available exemptions for emerging growth companies. We cannot predict whether investors will find our Class A common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A common stock and our share price may be more volatile. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which limits our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery (the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or employees to us or to our shareholders; (c) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim arising pursuant to the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or (d) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such forum selection provisions shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. The choice of forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As noted above, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws provide that the federal district courts of the United States shall have jurisdiction over any action arising under the Securities Act. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Our shareholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 33 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our Class A common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of the business, and therefore, do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors after considering our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and availability, debt repayment obligations, capital expenditure needs, contractual restrictions, covenants in the agreements governing current and future indebtedness, industry trends, the provisions of Delaware law affecting the payment of dividends and distributions to shareholders, REIT status, and any other factors or considerations the board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 The BC Stockholder and the Medina Stockholder own a substantial amount of equity interests in us, and have other substantial interests in us and agreements with us, and may have conflicts of interest with us or the other holders of our capital stock. 
 
 Effective July 29, 2022, the SIS interest in the Company s Class A common stock was distributed to BC Partners, Medina Capital, and other owners of SIS, resulting in the BC Stockholder owning 38.0 of the Company s Class A common stock and the Medina Stockholder owing 12.8 of the Company s Class A common stock. SIS, the BC Stockholder and the Medina Stockholder are parties to a Stockholders Agreement, dated July 29, 2021 (the Stockholders Agreement ), and, as a result thereof, subject to certain circumstances, have the right to appoint three individuals to the combined company s board of directors, none of whom is required to be deemed independent (collectively, the Seller Designees until 2024. The current Seller Designees are Manuel D. Medina, Benjamin Phillips, and Fahim Ahmed. 
 
 As long as the BC Stockholder and Medina Stockholder own a significant percentage of our outstanding voting power, they will have the ability to significantly influence corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and the size of the board of directors and any amendment to our charter and our bylaws. In addition, the BC Stockholder and the Medina Stockholder may have substantial influence over our decisions, including without limitation decisions relating to our strategy and corporate transactions, regardless of whether other holders of our capital stock believe that any such transactions are in their own best interests. For example, the BC Stockholder and Medina Stockholder could potentially cause us to refrain from making acquisitions or dispositions in a manner that is not in the best interests of the BC Stockholder and Medina Stockholder or delay or prevent a change of control, even if the change of control would benefit our other shareholders. Additionally, Nelson Fonseca, Randy Rowland and Victor Semah, each a member of our management team, are partners of Medina Capital. 
 
 Neither the BC Stockholder, Medina Stockholder nor any of the Seller Designees are required to present us with transaction opportunities and may pursue them separately or otherwise compete with us. 
 
 Neither the BC Stockholder, Medina Stockholder nor any of the Seller Designees is obligated to present us with investment opportunities. Moreover, each of the BC Stockholder and Medina Stockholder and the Seller Designees may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which it, he or she is required to present a transaction opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of the BC Stockholder, Medina Stockholder or any of the Seller Designees becomes aware of a transaction opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which it, he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, it, he or she will honor its, his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such transaction opportunity to such other entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our charter provides that we renounce our interest or expectancy in any corporate opportunity of which any of the directors or officers of the combined company, or any of their respective affiliates, may become aware, except the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall apply with respect to any of the directors or officers of the combined company only with respect to a corporate opportunity that was offered to such person solely and exclusively in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the combined company and (a) such opportunity is one the combined company is legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise 
 34 

be reasonable for the combined company to pursue and (b) to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to the combined company without violating any other legal obligation. 
 
 Additionally, affiliates of the BC Stockholder and Medina Stockholder are in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us, that compete with us for transaction opportunities or that otherwise present a conflict to our interests. The BC Stockholder, the Medina Stockholder and their affiliates may also pursue transaction opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those transaction opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, the BC Stockholder s and Medina Stockholder s affiliates interests in their respective portfolio companies could impact our ability to pursue transaction opportunities or otherwise present a conflict. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The effects of epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks are uncertain and difficult to predict. While we did not experience significant disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic, we have recently experienced delays in expansion projects due to supply chain issues resulting from COVID-19. If such delays worsen, or we experience significant additional delays, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be harmed. We cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows due to numerous uncertainties. While many countries around the world have lifted or relaxed quarantine requirements, restrictions on travel and mass gatherings and mask mandates, there is no assurance that more strict measures will not be put in place again due to a resurgence in COVID-19 cases, including those involving new variants, which could be more contagious and deadly than prior strains, or due to any other future epidemics, pandemics or outbreaks caused by other novel viruses or bacteria. The impact of any new COVID-19 variants or the possibility of other epidemics, pandemics or outbreaks cannot be predicted at this time. Such impacts could depend on numerous factors, including the availability of vaccines, vaccination rates among the population, effectiveness of available vaccines, the response by governmental bodies and regulators, the severity of the disease caused by the variant or other virus or bacterium and the duration of any outbreak of disease due to such new variant or novel virus or bacterium. Such possible impacts could adversely impact our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 
 We may be impacted by disruptions associated with events beyond our control, such as war, acts of terror, political unrest, public health concerns, labor disputes or natural disasters. 
 
 We manage data centers worldwide. Our data centers could be disrupted by events beyond our control, such as war, acts of terror, political unrest, public health concerns, labor disputes or natural disasters. Any such disruption could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers and employees, our ability to raise capital and the operation and maintenance of our data centers. We may not be insured against all such potential losses and, if insured, the insurance proceeds that we receive may not adequately compensate it for all of our losses. Additionally, we may need to incur additional costs in the future to provide enhanced security, including cybersecurity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could adversely impact our business and financial condition. 
 
 Adverse global economic conditions and uncertain conditions in the credit markets have created, and in the future may create, uncertainty and unpredictability and add risk to our future outlook. An uncertain global economy could also result in churn in our customer base, reductions in revenues from our offerings, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition, adversely affecting our business prospects. Customers and suppliers filing for bankruptcy can also lead to costly and time-intensive actions with adverse effects. 
 35 

Inadequate or inaccurate external and internal information, including budget and planning data, could lead to inaccurate financial forecasts and inappropriate financial decisions. 
 
 Our financial forecasts are dependent on estimates and assumptions regarding budget and planning data, market growth, foreign exchange rates and our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in the business, fund internal growth and meet our debt obligations. Our financial projections are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that our management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made. However, if our external and internal information is inadequate, our actual results may differ materially from our forecasts and cause us to make inappropriate financial decisions. Any material variation between our financial forecasts and our actual results may also adversely affect our future profitability, stock price and shareholder confidence. 
 
 The level of insurance coverage that we purchase may prove to be inadequate. 
 
 We carry liability, property, business interruption and other insurance policies to cover insurable risks. We select the types of insurance, the limits and the deductibles based on our specific risk profile, the cost of the insurance coverage versus its perceived benefit and general industry standards. Our insurance policies contain industry standard exclusions for events such as war and war-related events. Any of the limits of insurance that we purchase could prove to be inadequate, which could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may become subject to litigation, securities class action or threatened litigation which may divert management time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business. 
 
 We may become subject to disputes with parties with whom we conduct business, including as a result of any breach in our security systems or downtime in our critical power and cooling systems. Any such dispute could result in litigation between us and the other parties. Whether or not any dispute actually proceeds to litigation, we may be required to devote significant management time and attention to its resolution (through litigation, settlement or otherwise), which would detract from management s ability to focus on our business. Any such resolution could involve the payment of damages or expenses by us, which may be significant. In addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement with terms that restrict the operation of our business. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 Our executive offices are located in Coral Gables, Florida. We own two data center facilities and lease the rest of our data center portfolio. Our owned data center facilities consist of: (1) the data center located at 9180 Commerce Center Circle and 9110 Commerce Center Circle, Highlands Ranch, Colorado; and (2) the data center located at 22995 Wilder Court, Sterling, Virginia. 
 
 Our leased data center facilities are typically leased pursuant to long-term, non-cancellable lease agreements. As of December 31, 2022, our data center leases have remaining lease terms of 1 year to 32 years, assuming the exercise of all extension options exercisable by us at our discre tion. As of December 31, 2022, five of our leased facilities had a lease term expiring in less than five years, and an additional three leased facilities had lease terms expiring in less than 10 years. We believe we have good relations hips with all of our landlords. 
 
 Management believes our properties are suitable and adequate for us to operate at present levels. The utilization of these facilities is appropriate for our existing real estate requirements. 
 36 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 We are party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of our business. As of December 31, 2022, we were not a party to any legal proceedings the resolution of which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated business prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operation, cash flows or capital levels. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not Applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our shares of Class A common stock are traded on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol CYXT. 
 
 Holders of Record 
 
 As of March 13, 2023, we had 30 holders of record of our Class A common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Cyxtera has not paid any cash dividends on its shares of Class A common stock to date. The payment of any dividends is within the discretion of the board of directors. It is the present intention of the board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations, and, accordingly, the board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return for (i) our Class A common stock, (ii) Russell 2000 Index Russell 2000 and (iii) the Standard Poor s SmallCap 600 Stock Index S P SmallCap 600 for the period from November 2, 2020, the first day SVAC s Class A common stock was traded following its initial public offering, through July 29, 2021. For the period between November 2, 2020 through July 29, 2021 the figures relate to SVAC s Class A common stock, and for the period between July 30, 2021 through December 31, 2022, the figures relate to Cyxtera s Class A common stock. The graph assumes an initial investment in SVAC s Class A common stock and in each of the S P SmallCap 600 and Russell 2000 at the market close on November 2, 2020. This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Cyxtera s under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 37 

Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The information required by Item 5 with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 38 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and footnotes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those anticipated and discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors discussed in Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part I-Item 1A. Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report and in our other reports that we file from time to time with the SEC. 

Overview of Cyxtera s Business 
 
 Cyxtera is a global data center leader in retail colocation and interconnection services. We provide an innovative suite of deeply connected and intelligently automated infrastructure and interconnection solutions to more than 2,300 leading enterprises, service providers and government agencies around the world enabling them to scale faster, meet rising consumer expectations and gain a competitive edge. 

Factors Affecting Cyxtera s Business 
 
 Impact of the Current Macroeconomic Environment 
 Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, including due to the effects of fluctuation in foreign exchange rates, the recent rise in global inflation and interest rates, supply chain disruptions, a rise in energy prices, geopolitical pressures, including the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and associated global economic conditions have resulted in volatility in foreign currency, credit, equity and energy markets. If these uncertain macroeconomic conditions persist, they could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Key Operational and Business Metrics 
 
 In addition to the Company s financial results determined in accordance with US GAAP, our management uses the following key operational and business metrics to manage its data center business and to assess the results of operations: 
 
 recurring and non-recurring revenues; 
 bookings; and 
 churn. 
 
 These metrics are important indicators of the overall direction of our business, including trends in sales and the effectiveness of our operations and growth initiatives. The following table presents our recurring and nonrecurring revenues from the Company s consolidated financial statements and certain operating metrics for each of the periods indicated, which have been derived from the Company s internal records. These metrics may differ from those used by other companies in our industry who may define these metrics differently. 
 
 Year ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Revenues Recurring revenue 
 710.6 671.5 657.4 Non-recurring revenues 
 35.4 32.2 33.1 Total 746.0 703.7 690.5 Bookings 
 8.7 8.7 6.9 Churn 
 5.9 5.4 6.9 
 
 39 

We define these metrics as follows: 
 
 Revenues: We disaggregate revenue from contracts with customers into recurring revenues and non-recurring revenues. We derive the majority of our revenues from recurring revenue streams, consisting primarily of colocation service fees, which include fees for the licensing of space and power, and interconnection service fees. We consider our colocation service offerings recurring because customers are generally committed to such services under long term contracts, typically three years in length. Our interconnection services are typically on month-to-month contracts but are considered recurring because customers use of interconnection services generally remains stable over time. This is because interconnection services facilitate a customer s full use of the colocation environment or support the business function housed within the customer s colocation environment by establishing connections between colocation customers within our data center facilities and their preferred network service providers, low latency public cloud on-ramps and a wide range of technology and network service providers and business partners. Our colocation and interconnection service offerings are generally billed monthly and recognized ratably over the term of the contract. Our management reviews monthly recurring revenue by reference to the metric of MRR, which is calculated as of the last day of a given month and represents the sum of all service charges for recurring services provided during such month. Our MRR wa s 58.7 million, 53.5 million, and 52.9 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our non-recurring revenues are primarily composed of installation services related to a customer s initial deployment and professional services we perform. These services are considered to be non-recurring because they are billed typically once, upon completion of the installation or the professional services work performed. The majority of these non-recurring revenues are typically billed on the first invoice distributed to the customer in connection with their initial installation. However, revenues from installation services are deferred and recognized ratably over the period of the contract term in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 606 as discussed in Note 6 of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Bookings: We define Bookings for a given period as the new monthly recurring service fees for colocation and interconnection services committed under service contracts during the relevant period. Bookings are measured for the respective reporting period and represent the monthly service fees - based on the service fees for one month of services - attributable to new service contracts entered into and additional services committed under existing service contracts during the relevant period. Bookings is a key performance measure that management uses to assess the productivity of our sales force and anticipate data center inventory requirements. In addition, our management considers Bookings together with Churn (described below) to anticipate future changes to MRR. 
 
 Bookings was calculated for each period presented (i.e., the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020) and represents the new monthly recurring service fees - based on the service fees for one month of services - attributable to new service contracts and additional services committed under existing service contracts during the period presented. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total amount of new monthly recurring service fees for colocation and interconnection services committed under service contracts (i.e., Bookings) during such periods to taled 8.7 million, 8.7 million, and 6.9 million respectively. 
 
 Churn: We define Churn for a given period as the decrease in MRR during the relevant period attributable to service terminations and reductions. Churn is calculated for the respective reporting period, and represents the sum of the total amount of MRR for which a service contract was terminated or reduced during the relevant period, based on the last month s service charges. Churn is a key performance measure that management uses to assess our customer satisfaction and performance against competition. In addition, our management considers Churn together with Bookings to anticipate future changes to MRR. 
 
 As presented in the table above, Churn was calculated for each period presented (i.e., the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020) and represents the sum of the total amount of MRR for which a service contract was terminated or reduced during the period presented. 
 
 40 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the total amount of MRR for which a service contract was terminated or reduced (i.e., Churn) during such periods totaled 5.9 million, 5.4 million , and 6.9 million, respectively. 

Key Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues: 
 
 We derive the majority of our revenues from recurring revenue streams, consisting primarily of colocation service fees, which include fees for the licensing of space and power, as well as interconnection service fees. Our colocation and interconnection service offerings are generally billed monthly and recognized ratably over the term of the contract. Our recurring revenues have comprised more than 95 of total revenues for each of the past three years. In addition, during 2022, 2021 and 2020, 90 , 84 , and 77 , respectively, of our Bookings came from existing customers. For purposes of calculating Bookings attributable to existing customers, an existing customer is a customer with an active service contract that executes an order for additional services. Our largest customer accounted for approximately 9 of recurring revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, 11 of recurring revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 15 of recurring revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. Our 50 largest customers accounted for approximately 56 , 55 , and 57 , respectively, of recurring revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Our interconnection revenues represented approximately 12 of total revenues for year ended December 31, 2022, and approximately 11 of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Our non-recurring revenues are primarily composed of installation services related to a customer s initial deployment and professional services we perform. Non-recurring installation fees, although generally invoiced in a lump sum upon installation, are deferred and recognized ratably over the contract term. Professional service fees are also generally invoiced in a lump sum upon service delivery and are recognized in the period when the services are provided. As a percentage of total revenues, we expect non-recurring revenues to represent less than 5 of total revenues for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Operating Costs and Expenses: 
 
 Cost of Revenues, excluding Depreciation and Amortization. The largest components of our cost of revenue are rental payments related to our leased data centers; utility costs, including electricity and bandwidth access; data center employees salaries and benefits, including stock-based compensation, repairs and maintenance; supplies and equipment; and security. A majority of our cost of revenues is fixed in nature and are not expected to vary significantly from period to period unless we expand our existing data centers or open or acquire new data centers. However, there are certain costs that are considered more variable in nature, including utilities and supplies that are directly related to growth in our existing and new customer base. Recently, the cost of electricity has generally risen due to macroeconomic natural gas supply and demand constraints, initially beginning with inadequate natural gas reserves in Europe to meet European demand in light of sanctions on Russian natural gas supply as a result of the conflict in the Ukraine. In addition, we expect the cost of utilities, specifically electricity, will generally continue to increase in the future on a cost-per-unit or fixed basis and for growth in consumption of electricity by our customers. Furthermore, the cost of electricity is generally higher in the summer months, as compared to other times of the year. Our costs of electricity may also increase as a result of the physical effects of climate change, increased regulations driving alternative electricity generation due to environmental considerations or as a result of our election to use renewable energy sources. To the extent we incur increased utility costs, such increased costs could materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for our sales and marketing, executive, finance, human resources, legal and IT functions and administrative personnel, third-party professional services fees, insurance premiums and administrative-related rent expense. We also incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses necessary to comply with the rules and regulations applicable to companies listed on a national securities exchange and related to compliance and reporting 
 41 

obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, as well as expenses for general and director and officer insurance, investor relations and professional services. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses are primarily composed of depreciation and amortization on our property, plant and equipment and amortization related to intangible assets. 
 
 Restructuring, Impairment, Site Closures and Related Cost . Should we commit to a plan to dispose a long-lived asset before the end of its previously estimated useful life or change its use of assets, estimated cash flows are revised accordingly. Restructuring, impairment, site closures and related costs are primarily composed of costs incurred to dispose of a long-lived asset and include an impairment charge of the leased asset, related liabilities that may arise as a result of the underlying action (such as severance), contractual obligations and other accruals associated with the site closures. 
 
 Goodwill impairment. Goodwill impairment consists of non-cash impairment charges related to goodwill. We review goodwill for impairment annually on October 1 and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may exist. If the carrying value of the reporting unit continues to exceed its fair value, the fair value of the Company s goodwill is calculated and an impairment charge equal to the excess is recorded. 
 
 Transaction-related costs. Transaction-related costs consisted of a one-time transaction bonus paid to current and former employees and directors of Legacy Cyxtera following the consummation of the Business Combination (the Transaction Bonus ). The Transaction Bonus was funded in full by a capital contribution from SIS, the sole stockholder of Legacy Cyxtera prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net. Interest expense, net is primarily composed of interest incurred under our credit facilities and on capital leases. 
 
 Other Expenses, Net. Other expenses, net primarily includes the impact of foreign currency gains and losses. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of the Warrant Liabilities. Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, Cyxtera assumed certain warrants issued by SVAC. Such warrants consisted of public warrants issued in the IPO (the Public Warrants and warrants issued by SVAC to the Sponsor and certain clients of Starboard Value LP (the Forward Purchasers in private placement transactions (the Private Placement Warrants and, together with the Public Warrants, the Public and Private Placement Warrants ). Warrants that were assumed in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination were initially measured at fair value at the Closing Date of the Business Combination and were subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at the end of each reporting period, with changes in estimated fair value of the respective warrant liability recognized as change of fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations. In December 2021, the Company announced that it would redeem all Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that remained outstanding at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on January 19, 2022. In January 2022, the remaining Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were either exercised by the holders, or were redeemed by the Company (see Note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report). 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our consolidated results of operations for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparisons of our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. The results of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, have been derived from our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 42 

Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following table sets forth our historical operating results for the periods indicated, and the changes between periods: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change Revenues 746.0 703.7 42.3 6 Operating costs and expenses Cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization 402.0 390.5 11.5 3 Selling, general and administrative expenses 144.3 112.8 31.5 28 Depreciation and amortization 243.0 240.6 2.4 1 Goodwill impairment 153.6 153.6 nm Restructuring, impairment, site closures and related costs 5.2 69.8 (64.6) (93) Transaction-related costs 5.2 (5.2) nm Total operating costs and expenses 948.1 818.9 129.2 16 Loss from operations (202.1) (115.2) (86.9) 75 Interest expense, net (163.3) (164.9) 1.6 (1) Other expenses, net (2.2) (0.1) (2.1) 2100 Change in fair value of the warrant liabilities 11.8 (25.5) 37.3 (146) Loss from operations before income taxes (355.8) (305.7) (50.1) 16 Income tax benefit 0.7 47.8 (47.1) (99) Net loss (355.1) (257.9) (97.2) 38 
 
 nm = not meaningful 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues increased by 42.3 million, or 6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. The increase in revenue was attributable to an increase in recurring revenues due to a net increase of 22.6 million in customer activation of services and an increase of 9.6 million of variable recurring revenue compared to the prior year. Interconnection revenue increased by 6.3 million compared to the prior year, as a result of rate increases in the year. 
 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 
 Cost of Revenues, excluding Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased by 11.5 million, or 3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. This increase in cost of revenues was primarily attributable to the cost of power, as utilities expenses increased by 21.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. The increase of expenses was offset by our exit from the Moses Lake property, completed in the second quarter of 2021, which resulted in a reduction in rent expense of 3.2 million in 2022 compared to the prior year. Customer installation costs decreased by 7.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 driven by cost management efforts. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 31.5 million, or 28 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. Personnel and related expenses increased by 19.0 million due to an increase in employee headcount and increases in stock-based compensation driven by equity awards granted in the latter half of 2021, which represented 12.0 million of the increase of payroll and related expenses. Professional services and insurance expenses increased by 12.3 million as a result of the additional costs associated with being a 
 43 

public company compared to the prior year. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization increased by 2.4 million, or 1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to higher depreciation of leasehold improvements and higher finance lease asset amortization from new finance leases that commenced in the latter half of 2021 and early 2022. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 
 We incurred 153.6 million of goodwill impairment of the Company in the fourth quarter of 2022. For additional details, see Note 9 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Restructuring, Impairment, Site Closures and Related Costs 
 
 Restructuring, impairment, site closures and related costs decreased by 64.6 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we exited the Addison office space and incurred 7.9 million in exit expenses. In June 2021, the Company ceased use of the Moses Lake property and wrote off the remaining lease obligation of 58.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 5.2 million of restructuring costs in connection with the Addison and Moses Lake exits. 
 
 Transaction-related costs 
 
 Transaction-related costs were 5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 (and no such costs were incurred in the same period of the current year). 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense, net, decreased by 1.6 million, or 1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. We incurred less interest expense period over period as a result of the payoff of the 2017 Second Lien Term Facility and the pay down of the Revolving Facility and 2021 Revolving Facility in July and August 2021 following the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 Other Expenses, Net 
 
 Other expenses, net increased by 2.1 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. The increase in other expenses was driven by higher unrealized losses due to foreign currency fluctuations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of the Warrant Liabilities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain of 11.8 million on our consolidated statements of operations in connection with the change of the fair value of the warrant liabilities. In December 2021, the Company announced that it would redeem all of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that remained outstanding as of the Redemption Time. Pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agreement, prior to the Redemption Time, the warrant holders were permitted to exercise their warrants either (a) on a cash basis by paying the exercise price of 11.50 per warrant in cash or (b) on a cashless basis, in which case the holder would receive 0.265 shares of the Company s Class A common stock per warrant. On January 26, 2022, the Company announced the completion of the redemption. Of the 11,620,383 Public Warrants that were outstanding as of the time of the Business Combination, 134,443 were exercised for cash at an exercise price of 11.50 per share of Class A common stock and 10,115,180 were exercised on a cashless basis in exchange for an aggregate of 2,680,285 shares of Class A common stock, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement, representing approximately 
 44 

88 of the Public Warrants. In addition, of the 8,576,940 Private Placement Warrants that were outstanding as of the date of the Business Combination, 8,576,940 were exercised on a cashless basis in exchange for an aggregate of 2,272,884 shares of Class A common stock, in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement, representing 100 of the Private Placement Warrants. Total cash proceeds generated from exercises of the warrants were 1.5 million. As of January 25, 2022, the Company had no warrants outstanding. The Company recorded a decrease in the warrant liability of 64.7 million and increase to additional paid in capital of 54.2 million in connection with the warrants that were exercised. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 
 The income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 0.7 million and 47.8 million, respectively. The income tax benefit on the pre-tax loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was different than the amount expected at the statutory federal income tax rate primarily as a result of additional state income tax benefits, an increase in the valuation allowance recorded on certain deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards and interest deduction limitation carryforwards, that management believes are not more-likely-than-not to be fully realized in future periods, nondeductible goodwill impairment loss, the effects of the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities, nondeductible equity-based compensation, and the effects of the Company s foreign operations. The income benefit on the pre-tax loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 was different than the amount expected at the statutory federal income tax rate as a result of additional state income tax benefits, an increase in the valuation allowances recorded on certain deferred tax assets that management believes are not more-likely-than-not to be fully realized in future periods, the effects of the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities, nondeductible equity-based compensation, the remeasurement of the Company s net deferred tax assets in the United Kingdom due to an enacted tax rate change, and the effects of the Company s foreign operations. 
 Years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The following table sets forth our historical operating results for the periods indicated, and the changes between periods: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change Change Revenues 
 703.7 690.5 13.2 2 Operating costs and expenses: 
 Cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization 
 390.5 390.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 112.8 115.5 (2.7) (2) Depreciation and amortization 
 240.6 231.8 8.8 4 Restructuring, impairment, site closures and related cost 69.8 69.8 100 Transaction-related costs 
 5.2 5.2 100 Recovery of notes receivable from affiliate 
 (97.7) 97.7 (100) Total operating costs and expenses 
 818.9 640.1 178.8 28 (Loss) income from operations before income taxes 
 (115.2) 50.4 (165.6) (329) Interest expense, net 
 (164.9) (169.4) 4.5 (3) Other expenses, net 
 (0.1) (0.3) 0.2 (67) Change in fair value of the warrant liabilities (25.5) (25.5) 100 Loss from operations before income taxes 
 (305.7) (119.3) (186.4) 156 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 47.8 (3.5) 51.3 (1466) Net loss 
 (257.9) (122.8) (135.1) 110 
 45 

Revenues 
 
 Revenues increased by 13.2 million, or 2 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the prior year. The increase in revenue is attributable to an increase in recurring revenues as a result of increased bookings and lower churn. 
 
 Operating Costs and Expenses 
 
 Cost of Revenue, excluding Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization were flat at 390.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company lowered headcount and external contractors across its data centers resulting in a reduction of 7.4 million in payroll and services expenses. As part of the reduction, the Company incurred severance expenses of 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. During 2021, benefit expenses were lower by 1.2 million due to lower claims period-over-period. Our exit from Moses Lake, completed in the second quarter of 2021, resulted in a reduction in rent expense of 4.4 million compared to the prior year. Customer installation costs have decreased by 8.7 million driven by cost management efforts on implementations. Security costs have decreased by 0.7 million driven by the implementation of an automated security system, leading to a reduction in the use of outside security contractors. In addition, the Company recovered 4.3 million in relation to a settlement with a vendor. These savings have been offset by an increase in utilities expense of 23.2 million and increases to data center maintenance of 1.4 million period-over-period. The increase in utility expense during 2021 is mostly driven by 3.4 million in additional electric power expenses resulting from Winter Storm Uri, which affected the grid in several markets driving a significant increase in pricing for the affected time periods, approximately 13.5 million related to rate increases, and approximately 1.9 million growth in our existing and new customer base and the remaining change related to increases in consumption. 
 
 Sales, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 2.7 million, or 2 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the prior year. This decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to the reversal of a 2.0 million litigation contingency as a result of a favorable settlement and a decrease in legal fees of 2.1 million. Professional fees decreased by 3.3 million year over year, primarily as a result of a decrease in pre-transaction exploratory costs incurred in late 2020 as compared to 2021. Subscription expense decreased by 1.0 million driven by better rates obtained on subscription licenses. The costs were offset by an increase to payroll related expenses of 6.7 million due to an increase in employee headcount and increases in stock compensation driven by equity awards granted following the completion of the Business Combination. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Depreciation and amortization increased by 8.8 million, or 4 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the prior year. The increase to depreciation was primarily attributable to leasehold improvement additions and 1.8 million of accelerated depreciation and amortization on Moses Lake assets in connection with the decision to cease use of the data center site as further described in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 46 

Amortization increased due to capital lease asset additions for capital leases entered in December 2020 and throughout 2021. 
 
 Restructuring, impairment, site closures and related costs 
 
 Restructuring, impairment, site closures and related costs were 69.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 (no such costs were incurred in the same period of the prior year). These charges are related to the Moses Lake data center facility and Addison office space closures. 
 
 Transaction-related costs 
 
 The Company paid a one-time 5.2 million Transaction Bonus related to the completion of the Business Combination for the year ended December 31, 2021 (no such costs incurred in the same period of the prior year). 
 
 Recovery of Notes Receivable from Affiliate 
 
 On March 31, 2019, Appgate, Inc., formerly known as Cyxtera Cybersecurity, Inc. Appgate ), issued promissory notes to each of Cyxtera and Cyxtera Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Management Company ), evidencing certain funds borrowed by Appgate from each of Cyxtera and the Management Company as well as potential future borrowings (together, the Promissory Notes ). Appgate is an affiliate of the Company and a direct subsidiary of SIS, and through December 31, 2019, was a direct subsidiary of the Company. The Promissory Notes had a combined initial aggregate principal amount of 95.2 million and provided for additional borrowings during the term of the Promissory Notes for additional amounts not to exceed approximately 52.5 million in the aggregate (approximately 147.7 million including the initial aggregate principal amount). Interest accrued on the unpaid principal balance of the Promissory Notes at a rate per annum equal to 3 ; provided, that, with respect to any day during the period from the date of the Promissory Notes through December 31, 2019, interest was calculated assuming that the unpaid principal balance of the Promissory Notes on such day is the unpaid principal amount of the notes on the last calendar day of the quarter in which such day occurs. Interest was payable upon the maturity date of the notes. Each of the Promissory Notes had an initial maturity date of March 30, 2020, and was extended through March 30, 2021, by amendments entered into effective as of March 30, 2020. 
 
 As of December 31, 2019, we had a receivable related to the Promissory Notes of 127.7 million. On December 31, 2019, Appgate spun off from Cyxtera. As of December 31, 2019, we assessed collectability of the Promissory Notes from Appgate and reserved the entire amount of 127.7 million as the balance was deemed unrecoverable. In making that determination, we considered factors such as Appgate s operating and cash losses since the initial acquisition into the Cyxtera group in 2017 through December 31, 2019, and Appgate s anticipated cash needs and potential access to liquidity and capital resources over the remaining term of the note based on the facts and circumstances at the time. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we advanced 19.4 million under the Promissory Notes and recorded a provision for loan losses in the same amount based on the same factors discussed above. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2020, we had a receivable related to the Promissory Notes of 147.1 million with an allowance of 30.0 million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2020, we had other amounts receivable from Appgate of 3.9 million with a full reserve because of the same factors discussed above for the Promissory Notes. These other amounts include charges under the Transition Services Agreement by and between Appgate and the Management Company pursuant to which the Management Company provided certain transition services to Appgate and Appgate provided certain transition services to Cyxtera (the Transition Services Agreement ). The Transition Services Agreement provided for a term that commenced on January 1, 2020 and was terminated on December 31, 2020. 
 
 On February 8, 2021, we received a payment of 118.2 million from Appgate against the then accumulated principal and interest under the Promissory Notes and issued a payoff letter to Appgate extinguishing the 36.1 million of principal and accrued interest balance remaining following such repayment. Of the 118.2 million payment, 1.1 million was attributed to 2020 accrued interest on the Promissory Notes and 117.1 million to the 
 47 

recovery of a portion of the Promissory Notes principal and interest balance outstanding as of December 31, 2019. Accordingly, for the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a reversal of the previously established allowance of 117.1 million. During the three months ended March 31, 2021, we wrote off the ending balance of 30.0 million in the allowance for loan losses on the Promissory Notes. Accordingly, no additional changes or advances on the Promissory Notes or the allowance for loan losses occurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense, net decreased by 4.5 million, or 3 , for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the prior year. The decrease of interest expense of 4.5 million is due to the repayment in full of the 2017 Second Lien Term Facility, and the paying down of the Revolving Facility (as defined in Liquidity and Capital Resources and the 2021 Revolving Facility (as defined in Liquidity and Capital Resources in July and August 2021 following the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 Other Expenses, Net 
 
 Other expenses, net decreased by 0.2 million, or 67 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to the prior year. In 2020, the Company incurred 3.4 million in realized losses related to foreign exchange rates and finance charges, offset by approximately 4.2 million in gains related to fees charged to Appgate under the Transition Services Agreement. In 2021, the Company realized 2.5 million in gains related to foreign exchange rates, offset by finance charges of 2.0 million incurred in connection with the factoring arrangement entered into 2021. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of the Warrant Liabilities 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a loss of 25.5 million on our consolidated statement of operations in connection with the change of the fair value of the warrant liabilities. In December 2021, the Company announced that it would redeem all of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that remained outstanding as of the Redemption Time. Pursuant to the terms of the warrant agreement governing the Warrants, prior to the Redemption Time, the warrant holders were permitted to exercise their warrants either (a) on a cash basis by paying the exercise price of 11.50 per warrant in cash or (b) on a cashless basis, in which case the holder would receive 0.265 shares of the Company s Class A common stock per warrant. As of December 31, 2021, 840,456 Public Warrants were exercised in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement, resulting in the issuance by us of 228,450 shares of Class A common stock. The Company recorded a decrease of the warrant liability of 2.6 million and increase to additional paid in capital of 2.8 million in connection with the warrants that were exercised. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 
 The income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 47.8 million compared to 3.5 million of income tax expense for the prior year. The income tax benefit on the pre-tax loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 was different than the amount expected at the statutory federal income tax rate as a result of additional state income tax benefits, an increase in the valuation allowances recorded on certain deferred tax assets that management believes are not more-likely-than-not to be fully realized in future periods, the effects of the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities, nondeductible equity-based compensation, the remeasurement of the Company s net deferred tax assets in the United Kingdom due to an enacted tax rate change, and the effects of the Company s foreign operations. The income tax expense on the pre-tax loss for the year ended December 31, 2020 was different than the amount expected at the statutory federal income tax rate as a result of additional state income tax benefits, an increase in the valuation allowances recorded on certain deferred tax assets that management believes are not more-likely-than-not to be fully realized in future periods, non-deductible equity compensation and the effects of the Company s foreign operations. 
 
 48 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of 65.1 million and 52.4 million, respectively, and had 73.1 million and 88.8 million of borrowing capacity under our 120.1 million 2021 Revolving Facility, respectively. The 2021 Revolving Facility, under which 42.0 million was drawn as of December 31, 2022, would have matured on November 1, 2023. We also have 869.0 million of term loan indebtedness under our 2017 First Lien Term Facility and our 2019 First Lien Term Facility, which mature on May 1, 2024. For additional information concerning these facilities, see below under Debt . Historically, customer collections are our primary source of cash. On March 14, 2023, we entered into an amendment to our 2021 Revolving Facility (the Revolving Facility Amendment which, among other things, provided for an extension of the maturity date from November 1, 2023 to April 2, 2024, an approximately 18 million reduction to the borrowing capacity under such facility, a transition of the benchmark rate for such facility from LIBOR to SOFR, increases to the applicable interest rates for borrowings under such facility and certain other covenant modifications, including additional limitations on our ability to make investments and incur indebtedness. Based on our current forecast, which considers quantitative factors that are known or reasonably knowable as of the date of these financial statements, including the Revolving Facility Amendment, we believe that the cash generated from operations will be sufficient to fund our operating activities for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. 
 
 The Company is actively attempting to extend the maturity on, or refinance or repay, its long-term debt to ensure it will have positive cash flow for the long-term foreseeable future. However, there can be no assurances that we will be able to raise additional capital to refinance or repay our existing debt or fund our future business activities and requirements. The inability to raise capital would adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives, including pursuing additional expansion opportunities. Given the current economic slowdown, some of our customers may have difficulty paying us and we may experience increased churn in our customer base, including reductions in their commitments to us, and we may be unable to secure additional financing, or any such additional financing may only be available to us on unfavorable terms, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. If the Company cannot successfully extend, refinance or repay its revolving credit facility and long-term debt with proceeds from other sources, the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations when due in April 2024 and May 2024, respectively. As a result, the Company could be forced to consider all strategic alternatives including restructuring its debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying its business activities and strategic initiatives or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures, including liquidation or filing for bankruptcy, which could lead to material or even total losses for its security holders as it relates to their investments in the Company. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Indebtedness If we are unable to refinance our material indebtedness with near term maturities, we could be forced to liquidate and/or file for bankruptcy, and the holders of our Class A common stock could suffer a total loss on their investment for additional information. 
 
 In addition, we may, at any time and from time to time, seek to purchase, repay, exchange or otherwise retire our outstanding debt in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, tender offers, exchange offers, pursuant to the terms of our outstanding debt or otherwise. We may incur additional financing to fund such transactions or otherwise, which could include substantial additional debt (including secured debt) or equity or equity-linked financing. Although the terms of the agreements governing existing debt restrict our ability to incur additional debt (including secured debt), such restrictions are subject to several exceptions and qualifications and such restrictions and qualifications may be waived or amended, and debt (including secured debt) incurred in compliance with such restrictions and qualifications (as they may be waived or amended) may be substantial. The number of shares of our Class A common stock or securities convertible into shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued in connection with such transactions may be material. Such transactions, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements and cash position, contractual restrictions, trading prices of debt from time to time, and other factors. The amounts involved in any such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. In addition, from time to time we engage in discussions with holders of our existing debt and other potential financing sources regarding such transactions, and we expect to continue to engage in such discussions in the future. We cannot provide any assurance as to if or when we will consummate any such transactions or the terms of any such transactions. 
 
 49 

Debt 
 
 On May 1, 2017, a subsidiary of the Company (the Borrower entered into credit agreements for up to 1,275.0 million of borrowings under first and second lien credit facilities (together with the 2019 First Lien Term Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility described below, collectively, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). The Senior Secured Credit Facilities initially consisted of (a) a first lien credit agreement providing for (i) a 150.0 million first lien multicurrency revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility and (ii) an 815.0 million first lien term loan borrowing (the First Lien Term Facility and (b) a second lien credit agreement providing for a 310.0 million second lien term loan credit borrowing (the 2017 Second Lien Term Facility ). On May 13, 2019, the Borrower borrowed an additional 100.0 million under the incremental first lien loan under the first lien credit agreement (the 2019 First Lien Term Facility ). On May 7, 2021, certain of the lenders under the Revolving Facility entered into an amendment with the Borrower pursuant to which they agreed to extend the maturity date for certain revolving commitments from May 1, 2022 to November 1, 2023. Under the terms of the amendment, 141.3 million of commitments under the existing Revolving Facility were exchanged for 120.1 million of commitments under a new revolving facility (the 2021 Revolving Facility ). In connection with the amendment, the Borrower repaid 19.6 million of the outstanding balance under the Revolving Facility on May 10, 2021. In connection with the Business Combination, the Borrower repaid the entire balance of the 2017 Second Lien Term Facility of 310.0 million on July 29, 2021, and the remaining outstanding balance on the Revolving Facility and 2021 Revolving Facility of 123.1 million on August 13, 2021. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid down 9.2 million of principal of the First Lien Term Facility. Subsequent to the consummation of the Business Combination and the pay-down of the Revolving Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility, the Borrower drew down an additional 40.0 million from the Revolving Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility during the year ended December 31, 2021. Following receipt of 75.0 million in connection with the exercise of the optional shares purchase options, we repaid the entire balance owed under the Revolving Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility of 40.0 million. The Revolving Facility matured in May 2022 and was not renewed. Subsequent to paying down of the Revolving Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility, the Borrower drew down 42.0 million from the 2021 Revolving Facility. The 2021 Revolving Facility, the 2017 First Lien Term Facility and the 2019 First Lien Term Facility have a 18-month, seven- and five-year term, respectively, and are set to mature on November 1, 2023, May 1, 2024 and May 1, 2024, respectively. Subsequent to year-end, on March 14, 2023, we entered into the Revolving Facility Amendment which, among other things, provided for an extension of the maturity date from November 1, 2023 to April 2, 2024, an approximately 18 million reduction to the borrowing capacity under such facility, a transition of the benchmark rate for such facility from LIBOR to SOFR, increases to the applicable interest rates for borrowings under such facility and certain other covenant modifications, including additional limitations on our ability to make investments and incur indebtedness. 
 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all assets of the Borrower and contain customary covenants, including reporting and financial covenants, some of which require the Borrower to maintain certain financial coverage and leverage ratios, as well as customary events of default, and are guaranteed by a parent entity of the Borrower as well as certain of the Borrower s wholly owned domestic subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believes the Borrower was in compliance with these covenants. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,121.8 million and 907.0 million in finance lease obligations and long-term debt outstanding under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had 976.3 million and 908.3 million in capital lease obligations and long-term debt outstanding under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities, respectively. 
 
 Cash Flow 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 97.4 25.8 116.6 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (131.8) 39.6 (102.6) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 52.2 (137.0) 91.0 
 
 50 

Operating Activities 
 
 Cash provided by our operations is generated by colocation service fees, which include fees for the licensing of space, power and interconnection services. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, operating activities provided 97.4 million of net cash as compared to 25.8 million during the prior year. On February 19, 2021, we repaid 22.7 million of fees related to the Structuring Fee, Service Provider Fee and other Sponsor related expenses that were owned under the Services Agreement as described in Note 21 in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. There was no such payment that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. On August 31, 2022, we entered into an Accounts Receivable Sales Program, as described in Note 7 of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, pursuant to which we sold 37.5 million of accounts receivable in exchange for cash. While we had a factoring arrangement in 2021, there was no Accounts Receivable Sales Program in place for the same period of the prior year. The remaining change was to other changes in working capital. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Our investing activities are primarily focused on capital expenditures due to expansion activities and overall modernization of our data centers. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, investing activities used 131.8 million of net cash as compared to net cash provided by 39.6 million during the prior year. The decrease in net cash provided by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily due to the one-time payment of 117.1 million received from Appgate in February 2021 in settlement of the Primary Notes offset by 54.3 million in additional cash used for the purchase of property and equipment during the year December 31, 2022. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Our cash flow from financing activities is centered around the use of our Senior Secured Credit Facilities and lease financings. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, financing activities provided for use of 52.2 million of net cash as compared to net cash used of 137.0 million for the prior year. The increase in net cash used from financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to the receipt of 75.0 million in proceeds during 2022 from the exercise of the purchase options under the Optional Share Purchase Agreements. The cash inflows were partially offset by the paydown of 40.0 million on the Revolving Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility and a paydown of 6.9 million in principal of the First Lien Term Facility. Since the paydown of the revolving facilities, we re-borrowed 42.0 million from the 2021 Revolving Facility. Repayments on finance leases were lower in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year by 12.9 million, which was a result of finance leases that were modified to extend the lease terms. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we received 30.0 million in proceeds from an equipment sale-leaseback transaction compared to 5.0 million in the prior year. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid a one-time capital redemption payment of 97.9 million when we redeemed, cancelled and retired 9,645,455 shares of the Class A common stock of Legacy Cyxtera held by SIS in exchange for such payment by Legacy Cyxtera to SIS. In 2021, the Company also obtained a capital contribution of 5.2 million from SIS to pay the Transaction Bonus to current and former employees. 
 
 51 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 
 Material Cash Commitments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our principal commitments were primarily composed of: 
 
 approximately 907.0 million of principal from the 2017 and 2019 First Lien Term Facility and balance on the 2021 Revolving Facility (net of debt issuance cost and debt discount); 
 approximately 1,429.1 million of total lease payments, net interest expense, which represents lease payments under finance and operating lease arrangements, including renewal options that are reasonably certain to be exercised; and 
 approximately 4.4 million of other non-capital purchase commitments related to IT licenses, utilities and our colocation operations. These commitments to purchase IT contractually bind us for goods, services or arrangements to be delivered or provided during 2023 and beyond. 
 
 For further information on maturities of lease liabilities and long-term debt, see Notes 11 and 12, respectively, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 Based on our current forecast, which considers quantitative factors that are known or reasonably knowable as of the date of these financial statements, including the Revolving Facility Amendment, we believe that our sources of liquidity, including our expected future operating cash flows, are adequate to fund our operating activities in the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. The Company is actively attempting to extend, refinance or repay its revolving credit facility and existing long-term debt that will mature in April 2024 and May 2024, respectively, to ensure it will adequately meet long-term material cash commitments for the foreseeable future. However, if the Company cannot successfully extend its revolving credit facility and long-term debt, or refinance or repay its revolving credit facility and long-term debt with proceeds from other sources, the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations when due in April 2024 and May 2024, respectively, and beyond twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. As a result, the Company could be forced to consider all strategic alternatives including restructuring its debt, seeking additional debt or equity capital, reducing or delaying its business activities and strategic initiatives or selling assets, other strategic transactions and/or other measures, including liquidation or filing for bankruptcy, which could lead to material or even total losses for its security holders as it relates to their investments in the Company. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Indebtedness If we are unable to refinance our material indebtedness with near term maturities, we could be forced to liquidate and/or file for bankruptcy, and the holders of our Class A common stock could suffer a total loss on their investment for additional information. 
 
 Other Contractual Obligations 
 
 Additionally, we have entered into lease agreements with various landlords primarily for data center spaces which have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. For additional information, see Maturities of Lease Liabilities in Note 11 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 We have also entered into an agreement for power redundancy supply at a facility in Massachusetts, which has not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022. For additional information, see Lease Commitments in Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We did not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 52 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses at the date of the financial statements. Generally, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions in accordance with US GAAP that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the uncertainty inherent in these matters, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations because they require Cyxtera s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we have identified the following critical accounting policies and estimates: revenue from contracts with customers, accounting for income taxes, accounting for leases and accounting for warrant liabilities. These critical accounting policies are addressed below. In addition, we have other key accounting policies and estimates that are described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue recognition 
 
 We derive the majority of our revenues from recurring revenue streams, consisting primarily of colocation service fees. Colocation service fees include fees for the licensing of space, power and interconnection services. The remainder of our revenues are derived from non-recurring charges, such as installation fees and professional services, including remote support to troubleshoot technical issues and turnkey structured cabling solutions. Our revenue contracts are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC Topic 606 ), with the exception of certain contracts that contain lease components and are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 840, Leases . Under the revenue accounting guidance, revenues are recognized when control of these products and services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for the products and services. Revenues from recurring revenue streams are generally invoiced monthly in advance and recognized ratably over the term of the contract, which is generally three years. Non-recurring installation fees, although generally invoiced in a lump sum upon installation, are deferred and recognized ratably over the contract term. Professional service fees and equipment sales are also generally invoiced in a lump sum upon service delivery and are recognized in the period when the services are provided or the equipment is delivered. For contracts with customers that contain multiple performance obligations, we account for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct or as a series of distinct obligations if the individual performance obligations meet the series criteria. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price is determined based on overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions, geographic locations and other factors. Other judgments include determining if any variable consideration should be included in the total contract value of the arrangement, such as price increases. 
 
 Revenue is generally recognized on a gross basis in accordance with the accounting standard related to reporting revenue on a gross basis as a principal versus on a net basis as an agent, as we are primarily responsible for fulfilling the contract, bear the inventory risk and have discretion in establishing the price when selling to customers. To the extent we do not meet the criteria for recognizing revenue on a gross basis, we record the revenue on a net basis. 
 
 Contract balances 
 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections result in accounts receivables, contract assets and deferred revenues. A receivable is recorded at the invoice amount, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts and is recognized in the period in which we have transferred products or provided services to our customers and when our right to consideration is unconditional. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, 
 53 

although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 45 days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined that our contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. We assess collectability based on a number of factors, including past transaction history with the customer and the credit-worthiness of the customer. We generally do not request collateral from our customers. We also maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments which we had expected to collect. If the financial condition of our customers deteriorates or if they became insolvent, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, greater allowances for doubtful accounts may be required. Management specifically analyzes accounts receivable and current economic news and trends, historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness and changes in customer payment terms when evaluating revenue recognition and the adequacy of our reserves. Any amounts that were previously recognized as revenue and subsequently determined to be uncollectable are charged to bad debt expense, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Delinquent account balances are written off after management has determined that collection is not probable. 
 
 A contract asset exists when we have transferred products or provided services to our customers, but customer payment is contingent upon satisfaction of additional performance obligations. Certain contracts include terms related to price arrangements such as price increases and free months. We recognize revenues ratably over the contract term, which could potentially give rise to contract assets during certain periods of the contract term. Contract assets are recorded in prepaid and other current assets and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Deferred revenue (a contract liability) is recognized when we have an unconditional right to a payment before we transfer products or services to customers. Deferred revenue is included in other current liabilities and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Contract costs 
 
 Direct and indirect incremental costs solely related to obtaining revenue generating contracts are capitalized as costs of obtaining a contract when they are incremental and if they are expected to be recovered. Such costs consist primarily of commission fees and sales bonuses, contract fulfillment costs, as well as indirect related payroll costs. Contract costs are amortized over the estimated period of benefit, which is estimated as three years, on a straight-line basis. 
 
 For further information on revenue recognition, see Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We account for income taxes pursuant to the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred income tax assets and liabilities related to the expected future tax consequences arising from temporary differences between the carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities based on enacted statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. Any effects of changes in income tax rates or laws are included in income tax expense in the period of enactment. We reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the evidence available, it is more-likely-than-not that such assets will not be realized. In making the assessment under the more-likely-than-not standard, appropriate consideration must be given to all positive and negative evidence related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. The assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry forward periods by jurisdiction, our experience with loss carryforwards not expiring unutilized and all tax planning alternatives that may be available. A valuation allowance is recognized if, under applicable accounting standards, we determine it is more-likely-than-not that a deferred tax asset would not be realized. 
 
 54 

Leases 
 
 A significant portion of our data center spaces, office spaces and equipment are leased. Each time we enter into a new lease or lease amendments, we analyze each lease or lease amendment for the proper accounting, including determining if the arrangement is or contains a lease at inception and making assessment of the leased properties to determine if they are operating or finance leases. Determination of accounting treatment, including the result of the lease classification test for each new lease or lease amendment, is dependent on a variety of judgements, such as identification of lease and non-lease components, determination of lease term, including assessing the likelihood of lease renewals, valuation of leased property and establishing the incremental borrowing rate to calculate the present value of the minimum lease payment for the lease term. As our lessee leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate estimated based on information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments under each finance lease. When determining the incremental borrowing rate, we utilize a market-based approach, which requires significant judgment. Therefore, we utilize different data sets to estimate IBRs via an analysis of (i) yields on our outstanding public debt (ii) yields on comparable credit rating composite curves and (iii) yields on comparable market curves. 
 
 Warrant Liabilities 
 
 In January 2022, the Company completed the redemption of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. As a result, the Company derecognized the 64.7 million of the warrant liabilities and recognized a gain of 11.8 million. See Note 13 in our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report for additional information regarding the warrants redeemed. As a result of the redemption, we do not believe warrant liabilities is a critical accounting estimate. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Recently issued accounting pronouncements are described in Note 2 of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 
 
 JOBS Act Accounting Election 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 The following discussion about market risk involves forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We may be exposed to market risks related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in the prices of certain commodities, primarily electricity. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are subject to risks relating to interest rates. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our credit facility, which has variable interest rates. The interest rates on the facility are based on a fixed margin plus a market interest rate, which can fluctuate 
 55 

accordingly but is subject to a minimum rate. Interest rate changes do not affect the market value of such debt, but could impact the amount of our interest payments, and accordingly, our future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. For every 100 basis point change in interest rates, the annual interest expense on our credit facilities could increase by a total of approximately 8.7 million or decrease by a total of approximately 8.7 million based on the outstanding borrowings under our credit facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The fair value of our long-term fixed interest rate debt is subject to interest rate risk. Generally, the fair value of fixed interest rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. These interest rate changes may affect the fair value of the fixed interest rate debt but do not impact our earnings or cash flows. The fair value of our 2017 First Lien Term Facility and 2019 First Lien Term Facility (as defined in Note 12 of our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were based on the quoted market price for these instruments in an inactive market, which is considered Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The carrying value of the Revolving Facility approximates estimated fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the variability of interest rates. 
 
 The following table represents the carrying value and estimated fair value of our Term Facilities and Revolving Facility as of (in thousands): 
 
 2022 2021 Carrying value Fair value Carrying value Fair value 2017 First Lien Term Facility 772.2 780.0 778.3 780.0 2019 First Lien Term Facility 96.8 98.0 97.5 98.0 Revolving Facility 2.7 2.7 2021 Revolving Facility 42.0 42.0 37.3 37.3 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 We primarily use the US dollar as our functional currency in all markets in which we operate in order to reduce our foreign currency market risk. The Company has transactional currency exposure arising mainly from revenue or expenses which are denominated in currencies other than its functional currency. The US dollar strengthened relative to certain of the currencies of the foreign countries in which we operate during the year ended December 31, 2022. This has impacted our consolidated balance sheet and results of operations during this period, including the amount of revenues that we reported. Continued strengthening or weakening of the US dollar will continue to impact us in future periods. A hypothetical 10 strengthening of the US dollar against foreign currencies would have a reduction of our loss from operations before income taxes of approximately 1.3 million. A hypothetical 10 weakening of the US dollar against foreign currencies would have a reduction of our loss from operations before income taxes of approximately 1.3 million. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 Certain operating costs incurred by us are subject to price fluctuations caused by the volatility of underlying commodity prices. The commodity most likely to have an impact on our results of operations in the event of price changes is energy. We closely monitor the cost of electricity at all of our locations. We have entered into several power contracts to purchase power at fixed prices in certain locations in California, Texas, Ohio, Illinois, Virginia, New Jersey and United Kingdom. 
 
 We do not currently employ forward contracts or other financial instruments to address commodity price risk other than the power contracts discussed above. 
 
 Inflation Risk 
 
 We believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our costs have become subject to significant inflationary pressures. So far, we have been able to offset 
 56 

some of the higher costs through price increases, but there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to do so. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 57 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 59 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 64 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 

March 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 
 59 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (in millions, except share information) 
 
 2022 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 
 Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders' equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt, finance leases and other financing obligations Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Long-term debt, net of current portion Finance leases and other financing obligations, net of current portion Deferred income taxes Warrant liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 19) Shareholders' equity: Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 60 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in millions, except share information) 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Operating costs and expenses: Cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Goodwill impairment (Note 9) Restructuring, impairment, site closures and related costs (Note 5) Transaction-related costs (Note 14) Recovery of notes receivable from affiliate (Note 21) ) Total operating costs and expenses (Loss) income from operations ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other expenses, net ) ) ) Change in fair value of the warrant liabilities ) Loss from operations before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net loss ) ) ) Loss per Share Basic and diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic and diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 61 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in millions) 

2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 62 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in millions, except share information) 
 
 Class A common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit Total shareholders' equity Share Amount Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) Retroactive application of recapitalization Adjusted balance, beginning of period ) Equity-based compensation Cybersecurity Spinoff (2019) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) Equity-based compensation Capital redemption ) ) ) Reverse recapitalization, net of transaction costs Capital contribution Issuance of shares related to exercise of warrants Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) Equity-based compensation Issuance of shares related to exercise of warrants Issuance of shares related to exercise of optional shares purchase options Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of shares for Restrictive Stock Units vesting Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 63 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Cash flows from operating activities: Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on sale of fixed assets ) Restructuring, impairment, site closures and related costs Amortization of favorable/unfavorable leasehold interests, net Loss on extinguishment of debt and amortization of debt issuance costs and fees, net Goodwill impairment (Note 9) Recovery of notes receivable from affiliate (Note 21) ) Equity-based compensation Reversal of provision for doubtful accounts ) ) ) Change of fair value of warrant liabilities ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Non-cash interest expense, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding impact of acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid and other current assets Due from affiliates Other assets ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease liabilities ) Accounts payable ) ) ) Accrued expenses ) Due to affiliates ) ) Other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases for property and equipment ) ) ) Amounts received from (advanced to) affiliate (Note 21) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt and other financing obligations Proceeds from recapitalization, net of issuance costs Capital contribution Proceeds from sale-leaseback financing Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Repayment of finance leases and other financing obligations ) ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of warrants, net of redemptions Proceeds from the exercise of the optional shares purchase options Capital redemption ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period 
 CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in millions) 

2022 2021 2020 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash (refund) paid for income taxes, net ) Cash paid for interest Non-cash purchases of property and equipment 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 64 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 
 
 data centers across markets on continents. 
 
 Cyxtera was incorporated in Delaware as Starboard Value Acquisition Corp. SVAC on November 14, 2019. On July 29, 2021 (the Closing Date ), SVAC consummated the previously announced business combination pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 21, 2021 the Merger Agreement ), by and among SVAC, Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. (now known as Cyxtera Technologies, LLC), a Delaware corporation Legacy Cyxtera ), Mundo Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Delaware Corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of SVAC Merger Sub 1 ), Mundo Merger Sub 2, LLC (now known as Cyxtera Holdings, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of SVAC Merger Sub 2 and, together with Mundo Merger Sub 1, the Merger Subs ), and Mundo Holdings, Inc. NewCo ), a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of SIS Holdings LP, a Delaware limited partnership SIS ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Legacy Cyxtera was contributed to NewCo and then converted into a limited liability company and, thereafter, Merger Sub 1 was merged with and into NewCo, with NewCo surviving such merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SVAC and immediately following such merger and as part of the same overall transaction NewCo was merged with and into Merger Sub 2, with Merger Sub 2 surviving such merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SVAC (the Business Combination and, collectively with the other transactions described in the Merger Agreement, the Transactions ). On the Closing Date, and in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, SVAC changed its name to Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, our, the Company and Cyxtera refer to the consolidated operations of Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. References to SVAC refer to Starboard Value Acquisition Corp. prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and references to Legacy Cyxtera refer to the former Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. (now known as Cyxtera Technologies, LLC) prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 Legacy Cyxtera was deemed the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination based on an analysis of the criteria outlined in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations . This determination was primarily based on Legacy Cyxtera s stockholders prior to the Business Combination having a majority of the voting power in the combined company, Legacy Cyxtera having the ability to appoint a majority of the board of directors of the combined company, Legacy Cyxtera s existing management comprising the senior management of the combined company, Legacy Cyxtera s operations comprising the ongoing operations of the combined company, Legacy Cyxtera being the larger entity based on historical revenues and business operations and the combined company assuming Legacy Cyxtera s name. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Legacy Cyxtera issuing stock for the net assets of SVAC, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of SVAC are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 
 
 While SVAC was the legal acquirer in the Business Combination, because Legacy Cyxtera was deemed the accounting acquirer, the historical financial statements of Legacy Cyxtera became the historical financial statements of the combined company upon the consummation of the Business Combination. As a result, the financial statements included in this report reflect: (i) the historical operating results of Legacy Cyxtera prior to the Business Combination; (ii) the consolidated results of SVAC and Legacy Cyxtera following the close of the Business Combination; (iii) the assets and liabilities of Legacy Cyxtera at their historical cost; and (iv) the Company s equity structure for all periods presented. 
 
 In accordance with guidance applicable to these circumstances, the equity structure has been restated in all comparative periods up to the Closing Date to reflect the number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share Class A common stock ), issued to Legacy Cyxtera s shareholders in connection with the Business Combination. As such, the shares and corresponding capital amounts and earnings per 
 65 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

utilized in the Business Combination. Refer to Note 3 for further discussion of the Cyxtera and SVAC Business Combination. 
 
 million million drawn as of December 31, 2022) and long-term debt of million, which would have matured in November 2023 and May 2024, respectively. Subsequent to year-end, the Company entered into an amendment to its revolving facility which, among other things, extended the maturity date under such facility to April 2, 2024. See Note 22 Subsequent Events for more information. Based on our current forecast, which considers quantitative factors that are known or reasonably knowable as of the date of these financial statements, including the amendment described above, we believe that the cash generated from operations will be sufficient to fund our operating activities for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. We are actively attempting to extend, refinance or repay our long-term debt and are taking actions to improve our operating cash flows. However, if the Company cannot successfully extend its revolving credit facility and long-term debt, or refinance or repay the revolving credit facility and the long-term debt (which mature on April 2, 2024 and May 1, 2024, respectively) with proceeds from other sources, such as new debt, equity capital, or sales of assets, the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations due beyond twelve months from the date of issuance of these December 31, 2022 financial statements and specifically twelve months from April 2, 2023. 

Note 2. 

b) 

c) Principles of consolidation and foreign currency translation 

66 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

d) 
 
 , , and , respectively, of the Company s consolidated revenue. Revenues from Lumen are recognized pursuant to a Master Services Agreement (the MSA ), dated May 1, 2017, between the Company and Lumen. The MSA originally had an initial term of , subject to renewal, and contained provisions related to rental of space for an initial term of years, subject to renewal see Note 11 Leases, for the related disclosure on minimum lease receipts. On July 10, 2020, the Company entered into a new master agreement with Lumen (the Master Agreement ). The Master Agreement replaced the MSA with retroactive effect to May 1, 2020, and provides for services with staggered terms through April 30, 2025. Provisions related to the rental of space were included on substantially the same terms as provided under the MSA. In connection with the execution and delivery of the Master Agreement, the Company also settled various other amounts due from and due to Lumen, which resulted in a net gain of approximately million. This net gain will be recognized over the term of the Master Agreement. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, no other customer accounted for more than 5 of the Company s consolidated revenues. 
 
 e) 

Leasehold improvements 
 Personal property 

The Company s construction in progress is stated at original cost. Construction in progress consists of costs incurred under construction contracts, including services related to project management, engineering and schematic design, design development and construction and other construction-related fees and services. The Company has contracted out substantially all of its current construction and expansion projects to independent contractors. In addition, the Company generally capitalizes interest costs during the construction phase. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company capitalized interest of million and million, respective ly. At the time a construction or expansion project becomes operational, these capitalized costs are allocated to certain property and equipment assets and are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the underlying assets. 
 
 Major improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs are expensed when incurred. 
 67 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The Company did not record any impairment charges on long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 g) 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the re lated cost is capitalized within property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 h) 

i) 

68 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

k) 
 
 . Non-recurring installation fees, although generally invoiced in a lump sum upon installation, are deferred and recognized ratably over the contract term. Professional service fees and equipment sales are also generally invoiced in a lump sum upon service delivery and are recognized in the period when the services are provided or the equipment is delivered. For contracts with customers that contain multiple performance obligations, the Company accounts for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct or as a series of distinct obligations if the individual performance obligations meet the series criteria. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price is determined based on overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions, geographic locations and other factors. Other judgments include determining if any variable consideration should be included in the total contract value of the arrangement, such as price increases. 
 
 Revenue is generally recognized on a gross basis in accordance with the accounting standard related to reporting revenue on a gross basis as a principal versus on a net basis as an agent, as the Company is primarily responsible for fulfilling the contract, bears inventory risk and has discretion in establishing the price when selling to the customer. To the extent the Company does not meet the criteria for recognizing revenue on a gross basis, the Company records the revenue on a net basis. 
 
 69 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, the Company has determined that the Company s contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The Company assesses collectability based on a number of factors, including past transaction history with the customer and the credit-worthiness of the customer. The Company generally does not request collateral from its customers. The Company also maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments that the Company had expected to collect. If the financial condition of the Company s customers deteriorates or if they become insolvent, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, greater allowances for doubtful accounts may be required. Management specifically analyzes accounts receivable and current economic news and trends, historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness and changes in customer payment terms when evaluating revenue recognition and the adequacy of the Company s reserves. Any amounts that were previously recognized as revenue and subsequently determined to be uncollectable are charged to bad debt expense, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Delinquent account balances are written off after management has determined that collection is not probable. 
 
 A contract asset exists when the Company has transferred products or provided services to its customers, but customer payment is contingent upon satisfaction of additional performance obligations. Certain contracts include terms related to price arrangements such as price increases and free months. The Company recognizes revenues ratably over the contract term, which could potentially give rise to contract assets during certain periods of the contract term. Contract assets are recorded in prepaid and other current assets and other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Deferred revenue (a contract liability) is recognized when the Company has an unconditional right to a payment before we transfer products or services to customers. Deferred revenue is included in other current liabilities and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Contract costs 
 
 Direct and indirect incremental costs solely related to obtaining revenue generating contracts are capitalized as costs of obtaining a contract when they are incremental and if they are expected to be recovered. Such costs consist primarily of commission fees and sales bonuses, contract fulfillment costs, as well as other related payroll costs. Contract costs are amortized over the estimated period of benefit, which is estimated as , on a straight-line basis. 

70 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

m) 

71 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

In December 2021, the Company announced that it would redeem all Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that remained outstanding at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on January 19, 2022. In January 2022, the remaining Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were either exercised by the holders, or were redeemed by the Company. As a result, the Company derecognized the million of the warrant liabilities and recognized a gain of million (see Note 13). 
 
 o) 

p) 

72 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of its fair market value at the lower of (i) the date of commencement of the offering period or (ii) the last day of the exercise period, as defined in the plan documents. The fair value of purchases under the Company s employee stock purchase plans is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model. The determination of fair value of stock-based awards using an option-pricing model is affected by the Company s stock price as well as assumptions pertaining to several variables, including expected stock price volatility, the expected term of the award and the risk-free rate of interest. In the option-pricing model for the Company s employee stock purchase plans, expected stock price volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s common stock. 
 
 p) 

q) 
 
 Advertising exp enses of million, million and million were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 r) 
 
 73 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

74 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Intangible assets, net ) Liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Other liabilities ) 
 
 See Note 11 Leases for additional information. 

Note 3. 
 
 shares of SVAC s Class A common stock issued in its IPO Public Shares in September 2020, holders of shares of SVAC s Class A common stock properly exercised their right to have such shares redeemed for a full pro rata portion of the trust account holding the proceeds from the IPO, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, which was approximately per share or million in the aggregate. As a result, shares of Class A common stock remained outstanding, leaving million in the trust account. 
 
 As a result of the Business Combination, shares of Class A common stock were issued to SIS, the sole stockholder of Legacy Cyxtera prior to the Business Combination, and shares of Class A common stock were issued to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors, at a price of per share, for aggregate consideration of million, for the purpose of raising additional capital for use by the combined company following the closing of the Business Combination and satisfying one of the conditions to the closing (the PIPE Investment ). Additionally, as a result of the Business Combination, shares of Class A common stock were issued to the Forward Purchasers for million and shares of SVAC Class B common stock held by the Sponsor, automatically converted to shares of Class A common stock. 
 
 75 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

period following the day that is the first business day following the closing of the Company s initial business combination, to purchase common equity of the surviving entity in the initial business combination (the Optional Shares at a price per Optional Share of , subject to adjustments. In connection with the Merger Agreement, Legacy Cyxtera and the Forward Purchasers entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which the Forward Purchasers agreed not to purchase Optional Shares for an aggregate amount exceeding million. On July 29, 2021, immediately prior to the consummation of the Transactions, Legacy Cyxtera entered into a second letter agreement (the Optional Purchase Letter Agreement with the Forward Purchasers pursuant to which the parties agreed to amend the Optional Share Purchase Agreement to limit the number of Optional Shares available for purchase by the Forward Purchasers in the period following the Transactions from million to million. Additionally, pursuant to an assignment agreement entered into concurrently with the Optional Purchase Letter Agreement (the Assignment Agreement ), the Forward Purchasers agreed to assign an option to purchase million of Optional Shares under the Optional Share Purchase Agreement to SIS. As a result of the Optional Purchase Letter Agreement and the Assignment Agreement, each of SIS and the Forward Purchasers had the ability to purchase, at a price of per share, up to million shares of Class A common stock (for a combined maximum amount of million or million shares) during the period following the day that is the first business day following the closing date of the Transactions. The exercise price of per share was subject to adjustment in proportion to any stock dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits or similar transactions. On January 31, 2022, SIS and the Forward Purchasers exercised the option, and Cyxtera issued million shares of Class A common stock to SIS and the Forward Purchasers at a price of per share, for aggregate consideration of million. Since SIS and the Forward Purchasers exercised the option, the Company was obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock in exchange for cash (and the option settled on a gross basis). The accounting guidance in ASC Subtopic 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC Subtopic 815-40 ), states that contracts should be classified as equity instruments (and not as an asset or liability) if they are both (1) indexed to the issuer s own stock and (2) classified in stockholders equity in the issuer s statement of financial position. The optional share purchase options were indexed to the Company s Class A common stock because the options were considered a fixed-for-fixed option on equity shares, pursuant to which the option holder would receive a fixed number of Class A common stock for a fixed conversion price of per share. The Optional Share Purchase Agreement contained no contingent exercise or settlement provisions that would preclude equity classification. 
 
 After giving effect to the Transactions, the redemption of the Public Shares as described above, the issuance of shares as part of the forward purchase and the consummation of the PIPE Investment, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, immediately following the completion of the Business Combination. The Class A common stock and Public Warrants (as defined in Note 4) commenced trading on the Nasdaq on July 30, 2021. As noted above, an aggregate of million was paid from SVAC s trust account to holders that properly exercised their right to have Public Shares redeemed, and the remaining balance immediately prior to the closing remained in the trust account. After taking into account the funds of million in the trust account and million from SVAC s cash operating accounts after redemptions, the million in gross proceeds from the PIPE Investment and the million in gross proceeds from the forward purchase, the Company received approximately million in total cash from the Business Combination, before direct and incremental transaction costs of approximately million and debt repayment of million, plus accrued interest. The million debt repayment includes the full repayment of Legacy Cyxtera s 2017 Second Lien Term Facility (as defined in Note 12) of million and pay down of Legacy Cyxtera s Revolving Facility and 2021 Revolving Facility (each as defined in Note 12) of million, plus accrued interest. 
 
 In December 2021, the Company announced that it would redeem all of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants (as defined in Note 4) that remained outstanding as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on January 19, 2022. On January 26, 2022, the Company announced that it had completed the redemption of all of its outstanding warrants that were issued under the warrant agreement and that remained outstanding at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on January 19, 2022. Upon completion of the redemption, the Public Warrants ceased trading on the Nasdaq and were deregistered. 
 76 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Cash-PIPE Investment Cash-Forward Purchase Less: transaction cost and advisory fees, net of tax benefit ) Net proceeds from reverse recapitalization Plus: non-cash net liabilities assumed (1) 
 ) Less: accrued transaction costs and advisory fees ) Net contributions from reverse recapitalization 
 
 (1) Represents million of non-cash Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants liabilities assumed. 

Note 4. 

Unvested employee stock options Unvested restrictive stock units Optional shares (1) 
 Unvested performance stock units Unissued employee stock purchase plan shares Total shares 
 
 (1) Optional shares were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share for the periods these instruments represented potential dilutive common stock equivalents during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 77 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were excluded from the computation of net loss per share for the period January 1, 2022 through January 24, 2022 because they would have had an anti-dilutive effect on the computation of diluted net loss. 
 
 t have any potential dilutive shares. 

Note 5. 
 
 years. The Company ceased use of and subleased the space during the three months ended March 31, 2021. In connection with this decision, the Company incurred million of expenses, including million of accrued lease termination costs and million of asset disposals. 
 
 Moses Lake site 
 
 In February 2021, the Company notified the landlord of the Moses Lake data center facility in the State of Washington of its intent to cease the use of the space. Accordingly, the Company accelerated depreciation and amortization of all assets on the site, including favorable leasehold interest amortization, which resulted in million additional depreciation and amortization during the year ended December 31, 2021, and million additional favorable leasehold interest amortization, recorded in cost of revenues, during the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company ceased use of the property in June 2021 at which time it met the conditions for recording a charge related to the remaining lease obligation of million. There is no sublease in place on this property. Furthermore, management believes the ability to sublease the property is remote and as such has not made any assumption for the future cash flows from a potential sublease in making this estimate. 
 
 On January 1, 2022, the Company adopted Topic 842, and reclassified million of the restructuring liability reserve representing lease abandonment liabilities to the ROU asset. As of December 31, 2022, the restructuring liability reserve relates to the ASC 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations , lease abandonment liability for Moses Lake, which was in excess of the ROU asset adjustment. The restructuring liability reserve is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Lease termination costs Reclassification of deferred rent credits Reclassification of the restructuring liability to ROU Asset ) Accretion Payments ) ) Ending balance 
 
 million, and million, resp accretion expense in 2020 in connection with restructuring liability reserve. 
 
 78 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 6. 
 
 Non-recurring revenues Total 
 
 Contract balances 
 
 Net (decrease) increase during the year ended December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Closing balances as of December 31, 2020 Net (decrease) increase during the year ended December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Closing balances as of December 31, 2021 Net (decrease) increase during the year ended December 31, 2022 ) Closing balances as of December 31, 2022 
 The difference between the opening and closing balances of the Company s contract assets and deferred revenues primarily results from the timing difference between the Company s performance obligation and the customer s payment. The amounts of revenue recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, from the opening deferred revenue balance w as million, million, and million, respectivel y. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, no impairment loss related to contract balances was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 In addition to the contract liability amounts shown above, deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets includes million, million, and million of advanced billings as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Contract costs 
 
 The ending balance of net capitalized contract costs as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively, million, million and million of which were included in prepaid and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and million, million, and million o f which were included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the years ended 
 79 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million, and million, respectively, of contract costs was amortized, million, million, and million of which were included in cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and million, million, and million, of which were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Remaining performance obligations 
 
 Under colocation contracts, Cyxtera s performance obligations are to provide customers with space and power through fixed duration agreements, which are typically . Under these arrangements, the Company bills customers on a monthly basis. Under interconnection agreements, Cyxtera s performance obligations are to provide customers the ability to establish connections to their network service providers and business partners. Interconnection services are typically offered on month-to-month contract terms and generate recurring revenue. 
 
 Cyxtera s remaining performance obligations under its colocation agreements represent contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized in future periods. The remaining performance obligations do not include estimates of variable consideration related to unsatisfied performance obligations, such as the usage of metered power, or any contracts that could be terminated without significant penalties, such as the majority of interconnection revenues. The aggregate amount allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2022, was million, of which , and is e xpected to be recognized over the next year, the next one to two years, and thereafter, respectively. The aggregate amount allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of December 31, 2021 was million, of which , and is ex pected to be recognized over the next year, the next one to two years, and thereafter, respectively. 
 
 While initial contract terms vary in length, substantially all contracts automatically renew in one-year increments. Included in the performance obligations is either (1) remaining performance obligations under the initial contract terms or (2) remaining performance obligations related to contracts in the renewal period once the initial terms have lapsed. 

Note 7. 

Current period provisions Recoveries and reversal of allowance ) ) Ending balance 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded recoveries and decreased our allowance by million . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded recoveries and decreased our allowance by million . The allowance for doubtful accounts was impacted to a lesser extent from foreign currency translation during the same period. 
 
 80 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million in open trade receivables at any point during the term of the commitment, which could be extended for a period of days provided that the Factor had the right to impose additional conditions to its obligations to complete any purchase after days. The Factor did not impose any such additional conditions. Pursuant to the terms of the arrangement, a subsidiary of the Company would, from time to time, sell to the Factor certain of its accounts receivable balances on a non-recourse basis for credit approved accounts. The agreement allowed for up to of the face amount of an invoice to be factored. The unused balance fee under the arrangement was . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s subsidiary factored million receivables and received million, net of fees of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s subsidiary factored million receivables and received million, net of fees of million. Cash collected under this arrangement is reflected within the change in accounts receivables in the consolidated statement of cash flows. On August 31, 2022, the Company terminated the Factoring Agreement. 
 
 Accounts Receivable Sales Program 
 
 On August 31, 2022, the Company entered into an Accounts Receivable Sales Program with PNC Bank, National Association and the other parties thereto (the A/R Program for an investment limit of million, which terminates on August 31, 2025 unless extended. Under the A/R Program, certain of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries continuously sell (or contribute) receivables to a wholly owned special purpose entity at fair market value. The Company then designates certain of the receivables to be sold by the special purpose entity to an unaffiliated financial institution (the Purchaser and the special purpose entity grants a security interest in the remaining receivables to the Purchaser such that the Purchaser has recourse to all receivables transferred to the special purpose entity to recover its investment. Although the special purpose entity is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, it is a separate legal entity with its own separate creditors who will be entitled, upon its liquidation, to be satisfied out of i ts assets prior to any assets or value in such special purpose entity becoming available to its equity holders and its assets are not available to pay other creditors of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million drawn on the investment limit. The investments sold by the Company bears a discount based on a variable rate which is based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a margin. 
 
 All transactions under the A/R Program and the Factoring Agreement were accounted for as a true sale in accordance with ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing Topic 860 ). Following the sale and transfer of the receivables to the Purchaser, the receivables are legally isolated from the Company and its subsidiaries, and the Company sells, conveys, transfers and assigns to the Purchaser all its rights, title and interest in the receivables. Receivables sold are derecognized from the statement of financial position. The Company continues to service, administer and collect the receivables on behalf of the Purchaser. The Company recognizes a liability for amounts collected on behalf of the Purchaser in accordance with Topic 860. As of December 31, 2022, the Company reported a liability of million due to the Purchaser in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Prepaid and other current assets 
 
 Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total prepaid and other current assets 
 
 81 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Note 8. 
 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Personal property Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Asset s under finance leases (formerly known as capital leases) and related accumulated amortization are million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 million, million, and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Note 9. 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Impact of foreign currency translation ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill Impairment ) Impact of foreign currency translation ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 In addition, the Company has indefinite-lived intangible asse ts, which consist of internet protocol addresses of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 ) ) Favorable leasehold interests ) Developed technology ) ) Total intangibles ) ) 
 
 The main changes in the carrying amount of each major class of amortizing intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was amortization and, to a lesser extent, the impact of foreign currency 
 82 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Amortization expense for all intangible assets, except favorable leasehold interests, was recorded within depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations. As o f December 31, 2021, the Company had million of unfavorable leasehold interests included within other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Favorable leasehold amortization of million, and unfavorable leasehold amortization of million was recorded within cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization in the consol idated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 
 Impairment tests 
 
 The Company performs annual impairment tests of goodwill on October 1st of each year or whenever an indicator of impairment exists. The Company performed the annual impairment test on October 1, 2022, and concluded there was no impairment. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, management identified various qualitative factors collectively, indicated the Company had triggering events, including the substantial decrease in stock price, for which the Company performed a quantitative assessment as of November 30, 2022. For purposes of the Company s 2022 quantitative annual impairment test of goodwill, fair value measurements were determined using the market capitalization based on total value of the Company as determined on a public exchange plus a control premium. As a result of the quantitative assessment performed, the implied fair value of the Company was less than carrying value as of November 30, 2022, and, as a result a pre-tax, non-cash goodwill impairment charge of million wa s recorded for the difference. 
 
 During th e year ended December 31, 2021, the Comp any performed a qualitative assessment, which consists of an assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount. impairment charges were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2021, the Company concluded goodwill was not impaired as the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, including goodwill. 

Note 10. 

83 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2019 First Lien Term Facility Revolving Facility 2021 Revolving Facility 
 
 million and million, res 

Note 11. 
 
 year to years. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded finance lease assets of million, net of accumulated amortization of million, within property and equipment, net . 
 
 Lease Expenses 
 
 Interest on lease liabilities (2) 
 Total finance lease cost Operating lease cost (3)(6) 
 Variable lease cost (4) 
 Sublease income (5) 
 ) Total lease cost 
 
 (1) Amortization of assets under finance leases is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) Interest on lease liabilities is included in interest expense, net in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 (3) Operating lease costs for data centers is included in cost of revenue, excluding depreciation and amortization in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Operating lease costs for office leases is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 (4) Variable lease costs for operating leases is included in costs of revenue, excluding depreciation and amortization in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 84 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million in connection with our customers is included in revenues in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. Sublease income of million in connection with the Addison office lease is included in restructuring, impairment, site closures and related costs in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. 
 (6) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of restructuring expenses recorded in restructuring, impairment, site closures and related costs in the consolidated statements of operations. The restructuring costs were composed of million of operating lease cost, million of variable lease cost, and million of accretion expense, net of million of income recognized from the Addison sublease . 
 
 Lease costs for short-term leases were inconsequential for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 Operating cash outflows from operating leases Financing cash outflows from finance lease Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: Finance leases Operating leases As of December 31, 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) - finance leases (1) 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) - operating leases (1) 
 Weighted-average discount rate - finance leases Weighted-average discount rate - operating lease 

Maturities of Lease Liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) ) Total 
 
 (1) Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rent als of million due in the future under non-cancelable subleases. 
 
 85 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease receipts 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total minimum lease receipts/payments 
 (1) Minimum lease payments have not been reduced by minimum sublease rentals of million due in the future under non-cancelable subleases. 
 
 Total rent expense, including the net impact from the amortization of ROU asset, was approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and is included within cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amount representing interest ) Present value of net minimum lease payments Less: current portion ) Capital leases, net of current portion 

Interest expense recorded in connection with finance leases (formerly known as capital leases) and sale-leaseback financings totaled million and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is included within interest expense, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 86 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , there was gain or loss reco gnized from the sale-leaseback financings. 

Note 12. 
 
 2019 First Lien Term Facility due May 2024 Revolving Facility due May 2022 2021 Revolving Facility due November 2023 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less: current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, net current portion 
 
 Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
 
 On May 1, 2017, a subsidiary of the Company (the Borrower entered into credit agreements for up to million of borrowings under first and second lien credit facilities (together with the 2019 First Lien Term Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility described below, collectively, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). The Senior Secured Credit Facilities consist of (a) a first lien credit agreement providing for (i) a million first lien multi-currency revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility and (ii)(a) an million first lien term loan borrowing (the 2017 First Lien Term Facility and (b) a second lien credit agreement providing for a million second lien term loan credit borrowing (the 2017 Second Lien Term Facility ). On May 13, 2019, the Borrower borrowed an additional million under the incremental first lien loan under the first lien credit agreement (the 2019 First Lien Term Facility ). On May 7, 2021, certain of the lenders under the Revolving Facility entered into an amendment with the Borrower pursuant to which they agreed to extend the maturity date for certain revolving commitments from May 1, 2022, to November 1, 2023. Under these terms of the amendment, million of commitments under the existing Revolving Facility were exchanged for million of commitments under a new revolving facility (the 2021 Revolving Facility ). The 2021 Revolving Facility has substantially the same terms as Revolving Facility, except that the maturity date of the 2021 Revolving Facility is November 1, 2023. In connection with the amendment, the Company repaid million of the outstanding balance under the Revolving Facility on May 10, 2021. The amounts owed under the 2017 Second Lien Term Facility, the Revolving Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility were repaid in July and August 2021 following the consummation of the Business Combination see Note 3. The Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of million, which resulted from the write off of deferred financing costs attributed to the 2017 Second Lien Term Facility. The million loss on extinguishment of debt is included within interest expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Business Combination and the pay-down of the Revolving Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility, the Company drew down an additional million from such revolving facilities during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid million of the outstanding balance under the revolving facilities. Subsequent to paying down the revolving facilities, the Company drew down million from the 2021 Revolving Facility during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a 
 87 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million was outstanding and approximately million was available under the revolving facilities. As of December 31, 2021, a total of million was outstanding and approximately million was available under the revolving facilities. 
 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facilities, including the 2019 First Lien Term Facility, are secured by substantially all assets of Borrower and contain customary covenants, including reporting and financial covenants, some of which require the Borrower to maintain certain financial coverage and leverage ratios, as well as customary events of default, and are guaranteed by certain of the Borrower s domestic subsidiaries. A s of December 31, 2022, the Company believes the Borrower was in compliance with these covenants. The Revolving Facility matured in May 2022 and was not renewed. The 2021 Revolvin g Facility, the 2017 First Lien Term Facility and the 2019 First Lien Term Facility have an -month, and term, respectively, and are set to expire on November 1, 2023, May 1, 2024 and May 1, 2024, respectively. 
 
 The Borrower is required to make amortization payments on each of the 2017 First Lien Term Facility and the 2019 First Lien Term Facility at a rate of of the original principal amount per annum, payable on a quarterly basis, with the remaining balance to be repaid in full at maturity. The 2017 First Lien Term Facility bears interest at a rate based on LIBOR plus a margin that can vary from to . The 2019 First Lien Term Facility bears interest at a rate based on LIBOR plus a margin that can vary from to . The 2017 Second Lien Term Facility, which was repai d in August 2021, bore interest at a rate based on LIBOR plus a margin that varied from to . As of December 31, 2022, the ra te for the 2017 First Lie n Term Facility was , and the rate for the 2019 First Lien Term Facility was . 
 
 The 2021 Revolving Facility allows the Borrower to borrow, repay and reborrow over its stated term. The 2021 Revolving Facility provides a sublimit for the issuance of letters of credit of up to million at any one time. Borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Facility bear interest at a rate based on LIBOR plus a margin that can vary from to or, at the Borrower s option, the alternative base rate, which is defined as the higher of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus , (b) the JP M organ prime rate or (c) one-month LIBOR plus , in each case, plus a margin that can vary from to . As of December 31, 2022, the rat e for the Revolving Facility and the 2021 Revolving Facility was . The Borrower is required to pay a letter of credit fee on the face amount of each letter of credit, at a rate per annum. The Revolving Facility matured in May 2022 and was not renewed. The balance of the 2021 Revolving Facility was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Total 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 
 Interest expense on capital leases Amortization of deferred financing costs and fees Interest income on Promissory Notes (Note 21) ) Total 
 88 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 13. 
 
 per share. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, SVAC issued Private Placement Warrants to purchase shares of its Class A common stock at per share to the Sponsor and to SVAC s underwriters. In July 2021, in connection with the Business Combination transaction described in Note 3, additional Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were issued to SVAC common shareholders, including the Forward Purchasers. 
 
 In December 2021, the Company announced that it would redeem all of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants that remained outstanding as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on January 19, 2022 (the Redemption Time ). Pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agreement, prior to the Redemption Time, the warrant holders were permitted to exercise their warrants either (a) on a cash basis by paying the exercise price of per warrant in cash or (b) on a cashless basis, in which case the holder would receive shares of Class A common stock per warrant. As a result of the redemption notice for the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, the valuation method for the Private Placement Warrants was changed from the Monte Carlo Simulation to utilizing a fair value based on the publicly traded closing price of the Public Warrants given that, in connection with the terms of the redemption notice, the exercise and settlement provision of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were substantially the same. Such fair value determination represents a Level 2 fair value input. 
 
 On January 26, 2022, the Company completed the redemption of all of its outstanding warrants that were issued under the Warrant Agreement and that remained outstanding at the Redemption Time, at a redemption price of per warrant. Between December 20, 2021, and the Redemption Time, warrant holders elected to exercise warrants on a cash basis for million, and Public Warrants and Private Warrants on a cashless basis, resulting in the issuance by the Company of shares of Class A common stock. On January 26, 2022, the Company redeemed warrants for million, which was recorded as an expense in the change of fair value of warrant liabilities in other income (expenses), net in the consolidated statements of operations. The warrant shares were issued in transactions not requiring registration under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption contained in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. Upon completion of the redemption, the Public Warrants ceased trading on the Nasdaq and were deregistered, to the extent unsold. 
 
 For the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants exercised through the Redemption Time, the warrants were marked to market through the settlement date utilizing the publicly traded closing stock price of the Public Warrants on the settlement date, with changes in the fair value through the settlement date recorded as change of fair value of warrant liabilities in other income (expenses), net in the consolidated statements of operations. Upon settlement, the remaining warrant liabilities were derecognized and the liabilities and cash received from warrant holders was recorded as consideration for the common shares issued (an increase of million was recorded to additional paid in capital). 
 
 89 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Warrants assumed on July 29, 2021 Level 3 transfer-out and Level 2 transfer-in ) Change in fair value of the warrant liabilities Warrants exercised for Class A common stock ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Warrants exercised for Class A common stock ) ) ) Change in fair value of the warrant liabilities ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

Note 14. 
 
 par value per share, issued to Legacy Cyxtera s shareholder in connection with the Business Combination. Accordingly, the shares and corresponding capital amounts and earnings per share prior to the Business Combination have been retroactively restated as of January 1, 2020, to shares, as shown in the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity. The Company s authorized share capital consists of shares of capital stock, of which are designated as Class A common stock, and are designated as preferred stock. As of December 31, 2020, Legacy Cyxtera had shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, which shares were owned by SIS. On February 19, 2021, Cyxtera redeemed, cancelled and retired shares of its common stock, par value , prior to the Business Combination, held by SIS, in exchange for the payment of million by the Company to SIS. From December 20, 2021 through the Redemption Time, Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, respectively, were exercised in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Agreement, resulting in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock. In addition, on January 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of Optional Shares for an aggregate purchase price of million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. Effective July 29, 2022, the SIS interest in the Company s Class A common stock was distributed to BCEC-SIS Holdings L.P (the BC Stockholder ), Medina Capital Fund II - SIS Holdco, L.P. Medina Stockholder and other owners of SIS, resulting in BC Stockholder. owning of the Company s Class A common stock, Medina Stockholder owning of the Company s Class A common stock, and the remaining portion of the SIS s ownership was distributed to other shareholders. Prior to the SIS distribution, SIS owned of the Company s Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, SIS made a capital contribution of million to fund a Business Combination transaction bonus that was paid to current and former employees and directors of Legacy Cyxtera. The transaction bonus of million is included within transaction-related costs in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 90 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 15. 
 
 Class B profit interest units were available for issuance pursuant to awards under the SIS Plan. Class B units issued under the SIS Plan are limited partnership units in SIS and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of SIS, dated May 1, 2017. 
 
 All awards were issued in 2017, 2018 and 2019 (none were issued in 2020, 2021 or 2022). Awards under the SIS Plan are subject to a vesting schedule measured by a service condition such that awards vest after the first anniversary of issue date (or, with respect to certain employees, the earlier of their hire date and May 1, 2017) and the remainder vest in equal monthly installments over the months following the initial vesting date. In addition, vesting of all unvested units will be accelerated upon the satisfaction of a performance condition, namely an exit event. An exit event is defined as a change of control through sale of all or substantially all of the assets of SIS and its subsidiaries (whether by merger, recapitalization, stock sale or other sale or business combination, including the sale of any subsidiary accounting for all or substantially all of the revenues of SIS and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) or any transaction resulting in a change of in excess of of the beneficial ownership of the voting units of SIS. The holders of the Class B units were not required to make any capital contributions to SIS or the Company in exchange for their Class B units and are entitled to receive distributions on their vested units (including those accelerated upon an exit event). 
 
 Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Equity-based compensation costs totaled million , million, and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, of which million , million, and million, respecti vely, is included in selling, general and administrative expenses and an inconsequential amount , million, and million, respectively, is included in cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization, in the accompanying co nsolidated statements of operations. related income tax benefit was recognized as of December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 91 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

unvested Class B Units not yet recognized totaled million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Effective as of July 29, 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Plan. The total number of shares of Class A common stock authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan is . On August 5, 2021, the Company granted stock options under the 2021 Plan. Such options are a form of employee compensation for certain Cyxtera employees. The stock options granted will vest and become exercisable as to of the number of shares granted on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, and the remainder of the options will vest ratably in equal quarterly installments over the period following the anniversary of the grant date. The options generally expire years from the grant date in each case subject to continued employment on the applicable vesting date. 
 
 per share using a Black Scholes valuation model, with the following weighted average assumptions for the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 
 Stock Options Granted during the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Expected term (in years) Expected stock volatility Risk-free interest rate Stock price at grant date Exercise price Dividend yield 
 
 The expected term of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise and is based on historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration to the contractual terms, vesting schedules and expectations of future employee behavior. Expected stock price volatility is based on the volatility of the stock of public company peers. The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on US Treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term. The dividend yield assumption is based on our anticipated cash dividend payouts. 
 
 Granted Exercised Expired/forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Ending vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above is the amount by which the value of the underlying stock exceeded the exercise price of outstanding options, before applicable income taxes, and represents the amount optionees would have realized if all-in-the-money options had been exercised on the last business day of the period indicated. 
 
 92 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, before income taxes, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years . 
 
 Total stock options compensation expense related to the stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , was ap proximately million, and million, respectively and is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The related income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , was inconsequential. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 On October 1, 2021, November 12, 2021, March 23, 2022, April 8, 2022 and June 8, 2022, the Company granted approximately million, million, million, million and million of RSUs under the 2021 Plan. RSUs may be settled in shares or cash at the Company s option with board of directors or compensation committee approval. The Company has the intent and ability to settle the RSU awards with shares. The fair value of RSUs granted is determined using the fair value of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of the grant, which was , , , , and , respectively. RSUs were granted to members of the board of directors and employees of the Company. The RSUs granted to the members of the board vest over on the anniversary of the date of grant. The RSUs issued to employees vest in equal annual installments. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Expired/forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 Ending vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the total unrecognized stock-based compensation, net of actual forfeitures, related to unvested RSUs was approximatel y million, befor e income taxes, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted period of approximate ly years . The total fair value of RSUs vested was million during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Total RSU compensation expense totaled million and million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, of which approximately million and million, respectively, is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses and million and million , respectively, is recorded in cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization, in the consolidated statements of operations. The related income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million (2021 was inconsequential). 
 
 93 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

period beginning on January 1, 2022, subject to continued employment on the applicable vesting dates. The actual number of PSUs earned with respect to an award is based upon the target number of PSUs, multiplied by a payout percentage ranging from to of target level and determined by the level of performance against pre-established performance or market components for the applicable performance period. types of performance conditions: relative total shareholder return TSR based on achievement of certain market conditions, and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization Adj. EBITDA ), each of which is weighted one-half of the PSU, as shown in more detail below. 

-year rolling 
 Annual per year) 
 Russell 1000 
 
 (25th percentile) 
 (50th percentile) 
 (75th percentile) 
 Adj. EBITDA 
 
 -year rolling 
 Annual per year) 
 N/A 

The award of PSUs will vest in equal installments on the 1 st , 2 nd and 3 rd anniversary of the grant date. The PSUs will be earned based on the Company s achievement of the applicable performance goals as follows: 
 
 Year One of the performance period: Award will vest based on performance during the first year of the performance period; 
 Year Two: Award will vest based on cumulative performance during the first two years of the performance period; 
 Year Three: Award will vest based on cumulative performance during the three years of the performance period. 
 
 The payout percentage will be linearly interpolated if achievement falls between the threshold and target or target and maximum levels of performance. 
 
 With respect to the TSR measured component, the PSUs were valued using a Monte-Carlo simulation. 
 
 Volatility for Least-Square Monte Carlo Model Expected Term in Years Dividend Yield Fair Value of Class A Common Stock 
 
 94 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

multiplied by the number of shares of Class A common stock expected to be earned based on the Company s estimate of future Adj. EBITDA, to be realized in Year One. The Adj. EBITDA measured PSUs for Year Two and Year Three, are not deemed granted for accounting purposes because the adjusted EBITDA targets for 2023 and 2024 are not yet determinable as they have not been approved by the board of directors. 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested Forfeited Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Year Two and Year Three Adj. EBITDA measured PSUs are excluded from the total amount of granted PSUs, since such units are not deemed granted for accounting purposes as of December 31, 2022 . We exclude d of Year Two and Year Three Adj. EBITDA measured PSUs. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested PSUs was approximately million, before income taxes, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted period of approximately years. No PSUs vested during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Total PSU compensation expense was million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The related income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was inconsequential. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 Effective as of June 8, 2022, the Company adopted the 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP under which shares of the Company s common stock are available for purchase by eligible participants. The total number of shares of Class A common stock authorized for issuance under the ESPP is . The ESPP allows participants to purchase shares of Class A common stock at of its fair market value at the lower of (i) the date of commencement of the offering period or (ii) the last day of the exercise period, as defined in the plan documents. 
 
 The fair value of purchases under the Company s ESPP is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model. The determination of fair value of stock-based awards using an option-pricing model is affected by the Company s stock price as well as assumptions pertaining to several variables, including expected stock price volatility, the expected term of the award and the risk-free rate of interest. In the option-pricing model for the Company s employee stock purchase plans, expected stock price volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s Class A common stock. The expected term of the award is based on the requisite period. The Company has not paid dividends in the past, and has not announced any intention to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, and therefore uses an expected dividend yield of . 
 95 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Common shares issued Fair value of ESPP at grant date Stock price at grant date 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP was approximately million, before income taxes, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted period of approximately years. 
 
 Non-cash stock-based compensation expense under the ESPP was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Th e related income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022 was inconsequential. 

Note 16. 
 
 and million, depending on a multiple based on the results of the exit event or initial public offering. While awards under the LTI Plan vest, to the extent there is no exit event or an initial public offering, the awards expire after from the grant date. The Company has determined that no expense or liability should be recognized under this LTI Plan until an exit event or initial public offering occurs. 
 
 As described in Note 1, on February 21, 2021, Cyxtera entered into the Merger Agreement, which closed on July 29, 2021. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company caused its subsidiaries to declare an Early Settlement Event under (resulting in the final settlement of) the LTI Plan and any award agreements thereunder, without liability to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Note 17. 
 
 of an employee s salary deferral that does not exceed of the employee s compensation plus of the salary deferral between and of the employee s compensation. 
 
 Matching contributions made to the Plan were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which million, million and million, respectively, is included in cost of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization, and million, million and million, respectively, is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 96 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 18. ) ) Foreign loss ) ) ) Total loss before income taxes ) ) ) 
 
 The income tax benefit (expense) from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 consists of the following (in millions): 
 
 US State and local ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) Total current tax provision ) ) ) Deferred US Federal US State and local ) ) Foreign ) Total deferred tax provision ) Total income tax benefit (expense) ) 
 
 The effective tax rate for the years en ded December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 i s , and ) , respectively. 
 
 State and local taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Valuation allowance ) ) ) Goodwill impairment loss ) Change in fair value of the warrant liabilities ) Nondeductible equity-based compensation ) ) ) Taxes of foreign operations at rates different than US Federal statutory rates ) ) Foreign adjustments ) ) Impact of foreign law changes ) Other ) ) ) Total income tax benefit (expense) ) 
 
 97 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest expense limitation carryforward Finance lease Operating lease liabilities Other accruals Acquisition and other related costs Asset retirement obligations Allowance for doubtful accounts Deferred rent Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities Finance lease ) Intangibles ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) Property and equipment ) ) Contract asset ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of deferred tax assets above is included in other assets and million and million, respectively, is included in deferred income tax liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. There exists certain US federal, state, local and foreign deferred tax assets that are not expected to be realized before their expiration and as such are not more-likely-than-not realizable. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance against such deferred tax assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has US federal NOL carryforwards of million generated in tax years 2017 through 2022 of which million will expire in 2037 and million will carry forward indefinitely. The Company has state and local NOL carryforwards of million generated in tax years beginning after 2007. The state NOL carryforwards of million will expire from 2023 to 2042 and million will carryforward indefinite ly. Additionally, the Company has foreign NOL carryforwards of million generated from tax years 2017 to 2022, of which million will expire between 2031 and 2042 and million will carryforward indefinitely. 
 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. In making such a determination, we considered all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, forecasted earnings, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, duration of statutory carryforward periods, future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. On the basis of this evaluation, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance against a portion of the Company s deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance of million for the portion of the deferred tax asset that did not meet the more-likely-than-not realization criteria. The Company recorded an increase in its valuation allowance on its net deferred taxes of approximately million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The changes in valuation allowance are primarily due to increased losses that have resulted in certain US federal, state, local and foreign 
 98 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Increases related to prior year tax positions Increases related to current year tax positions Decreases related to settlements ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits - end of period 
 
 The increase and subsequent decrease to unrecognized tax benefits during the year ended December 31, 2022 was related to the effective settlement of the Company s tax examination by the Internal Revenue Service for the 2017 tax year. 
 
 As o f December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had undistributed foreign earnings of million a nd million, respectively, which the Company intends to reinvest indefinitely. As part of the Tax Act, the Company paid a one-time deemed repatriation tax on the ending balance as of December 31, 2017. With respect to th e remaining total balance as of December 31, 2022, t he Company does not expect to incur US federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes on the balance of these unremitted earnings as management plans to indefinitely reinvest these earnings overseas. In the event the Company determines not to continue to assert that all or part of its undistributed foreign earnings are permanently reinvested, such a determination in the future could result in the accrual and payment of additional foreign withholding taxes and US taxes on currency transaction gains and losses, the determination of which is not practicable due to the complexities associated with the hypothetical calculation. 
 
 99 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 19. 
 
 million and million, respectively, in irrevocable stand-by letters of credit outstanding, which were issued primarily to guarantee data center lease obligations, to guarantee a subsidiary s performance under a services agreement (in 2020 only), and to guarantee another subsidiary s performance under a line of credit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a mounts had been drawn on any of these irrevocable standby letters of credit. 
 
 Lease commitments 
 
 The Company entered into an agreement for power redundancy supply at a facility in Massachusetts. The service contract will contain a lease of power redundancy equipment, however, the lease has not yet commenced as of December 31, 2022 . This lease is expected to commence in the latter half of 2023, with a total lease commitme nt of million. 
 
 Purchase obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Comp any had approx imately million of purchase commitments related to information technology licenses, utilities and colocation operations. Thes e amounts do not represent the Company s entire anticipated purchases in the future but represent only those items for which the Company was contractually committed as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 From time to time the Company is involved in certain legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. It is the Company s policy to accrue for amounts related to these legal matters if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. In the opinion of management, based on consultations with counsel, the results of any of these matters individually and in the aggregate are not expected to have a material effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Note 20. 

Note 21. 
 
 100 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million to Appgate for services rendered under the Transition Services Agreement (net of service fees provided to Cyxtera and its subsidiaries by Appgate), with a full reserve of million. The provision for doubtful accounts is presented as part of the recovery of notes receivable from affiliates in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. Income from the Transition Services Agreement is included in other expenses, net in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Promissory Notes 
 
 On March 31, 2019, Appgate issued Promissory Notes to each of the Company and the Management Company evidencing certain funds borrowed by Appgate from each of the Company and the Management Company as well as potential future borrowings. The Promissory Notes had a combined initial aggregate principal amount of million and provided for additional borrowings during the term of the Promissory Notes for additional amounts not to exceed approximately million in the aggregate (approximately million including the initial aggregate principal amount). Interest accrued on, the unpaid principal balance of the Promissory Notes at a rate per annum equal to ; provided, that with respect to any day during the period from the date of the Promissory Notes through December 31, 2019, interest was calculated assuming that the unpaid principal balance of the Promissory Notes on such day is the unpaid principal amount of the notes on the last calendar day of the quarter in which such day occurs. Interest was payable upon the maturity date of the notes. Each of the Promissory Notes had an initial maturity date of March 30, 2020, and was extended through March 30, 2021, by amendments entered into effective as of March 30, 2020. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company advanced million under the Promissory Notes to Appgate and recorded provision for loan losses in the same amount. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2020, the Company had a receivable related to the Promissory Notes of million with a reserve of million. The provision for loan losses is presented as recovery of notes receivable from affiliates in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 On February 8, 2021, the Company received million from Appgate. Approximately million and million were designated as repayment of the full balance of the million outstanding principal and accrued interest, respectively, on the Promissory Notes at that time. On the same date, the Company issued a payoff letter to Appgate extinguishing the remaining unpaid balance of the Promissory Notes. The remainder of the payment was designated as settlement of trade balances with Appgate and its subsidiaries and other amounts due to/from under the Transition Services Agreement described above. Accordingly, for the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a reversal of previously established allowance of million. As a result, during the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company wrote off the ending balance in the allowance for loan losses on the Promissory Notes. No other transactions related to the Promissory Notes were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 101 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Provision for loan losses Reversal of allowance ) Net reversal of allowance for loan losses ) Write offs ) Ending balance 
 
 Service provider management consulting fee and structuring fee 
 
 In connection with the 2017 colocation acquisition from Lumen, certain equity owners of SIS (collectively, the Service Providers entered into a Services Agreement (the Services Agreement dated May 1, 2017, with SIS and its subsidiaries and controlled affiliates as of such date (collectively, the Company Group ). Under the Services Agreement, the Service Providers agreed to provide certain management, consulting and advisory services to the business combination and affairs of the Company Group from time to time. Pursuant to the Services Agreement, the Company Group also agreed to pay the Service Providers an annual service fee in the aggregate amount of million in equal quarterly installments (the Service Provider Fee ). 
 
 Fees owed under the Services Agreement related to a structuring fee, Service Provider Fee and other related expenses totaled million as of December 31, 2020, and were included within due to affiliates in the consolidated balance sheet. Such fees were primarily incurred prior to 2020. All outstanding fees under the Services Agreement were repaid in February 2021. 
 
 Sponsor s investment in the First Lien Term Facility 
 
 At December 31, 2020, until the date of the Business Combination, some of the controlled affiliates of BC Partners LLP BC Partners ), the largest equity owner of SIS, held investments in the Company s First Lien Term Facility. The total investment represented less than of the Company s total outstanding debt at December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the controlled affiliates of BC Partners no longer held investments in the Company s First Lien Term Facility. 
 
 Optional Share Purchase 
 
 On July 21, 2021, immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, Legacy Cyxtera entered into the Optional Purchase Letter Agreement with the Forward Purchasers, pursuant to which the Forward Purchasers agreed to amend the Optional Share Purchase Agreement to limit the number of Optional Shares available for purchase by the Forward Purchasers in the period following the Business Combination from million shares to million shares. In addition, on such date, the Forward Purchasers agreed to assign the rights to purchase up to million shares under the Optional Share Purchase Agreement to SIS. In January 2022, SIS and the Forward Purchasers exercised their option to purchase million Optional Shares at a price of per share, for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 
 102 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

in board fees, which is included within accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The chairman of the board of directors is one of the founders and the chairman of Emerge Americas, LLC, which operates a technology conference in Miami, Florida. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did owe any significant amounts to Emerge Americas, LLC. 
 
 Since 2019 until the date of the Business Combination, one of the directors of the Company was also a member of the board of directors of Pico Quantitative Trading, LLC Pico ). Pico offers a comprehensive range of network products to meet the full spectrum of electronic trading requirements. During the period from January 1, 2021 through the date of the Business Combination, the Company billed and collected from Pico million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company billed and collected from Pico million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Pico was no longer a related party of the Company. 
 
 One director of the Company is also a member of the board of directors of Presidio Holdings, Inc. Presidio ), a provider of digital transformation solutions built on agile secure infrastructure deployed in a multi-cloud world with business analytics. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid million to Presidio for services. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company did t owe any amounts to Presidio. Presidio is also a customer and referral partner of the Company. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company billed and collected from Presidio million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 One of the former directors of the Company is also a member of the board of directors of Altice USA, Inc. Altice ), a vendor and a customer of the Company. The amount paid and due for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was inconsequential. The amount billed and collected for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million and million, respectively. The amount billed and collected for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million and million, respectively. During the year ended, December 31, 2020, Altice was not a related party of the Company. 
 
 One of the former directors of the Company is also a member of the board of directors of Navex Global, Inc. Navex ), a vendor and customer of the Company. The amount paid and due to Navex for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was inconsequential. The amounts billed and collected from Navex for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million (amount billed and collected during the year ended December 31, 2021 was inconsequential). During the year ended December 31, 2020, Navex was not a related party of the Company. 
 103 

CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Selling, general and administrative expenses (2) 
 Recovery of notes receivable from affiliate (3) 
 ) Interest income (4) 
 Other (expense) income, net (5) 
 ) 
 (1) Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 include amounts recognized from contracts with Appgate, Altice, Brainspace Corporation, Navex, and Presidio. Appgate is an affiliate of the Company and a direct subsidiary of SIS. Brainspace Corporation was an affiliate of the Company and an indirect subsidiary of SIS through January 20, 2021. 
 (2) Selling, general and administrative expenses include amounts incurred from contracts with Appgate and Presidio. 
 (3) Represents net recovery recognized in connection with amounts funded under the Promissory Notes. 
 (4) Represents interest income recognized under one of the Promissory Notes and under the Transaction Services Agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 . 
 
 Accounts payable (2) 
 
 (1) Accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, include trade receivables due from Appgate. 
 (2) Accounts payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, include trade payables due to Appgate. 

Note 22. 
 
 million of commitments under the existing Revolving Facility were exchanged for million of commitments under the amended revolving facility. With the amendment, the interest rate changed to SOFR plus basis points. 
 
 We have evaluated all subsequent events through the date that the consolidated financial statements were issued and determined that, other than amendments of the ESPP and 2021 Revolving Facility, there have been no other events or transactions which would have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements and therefore would require recognition or disclosure. 
 104 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed so that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on management s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our Company. Our control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US GAAP Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of our assets; 
 provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP and that receipts and expenditures are being made only with proper authorizations of management and directors; and 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment and those criteria, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 105 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by Item 10 of this Annual Report will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 
 The information required by Item 11 of this Annual Report will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The information required by Item 12 of this Annual Report will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by Item 13 of this Annual Report will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 The information required by Item 14 of this Annual Report will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

106 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 
 The financial statements required by this item are listed in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. 
 
 The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report. 
 
 Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 21, 2021, by and among Starboard Value Acquisition Corp., Mundo Merger Sub 1, Inc., Cyxtera Holdings, LLC (formerly konwn as Mundo Merger Sub 2, LLC), Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. and Mundo Holdings, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on February 22, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 4.1 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate of Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 4.2 Description of Securities 
 10.1# Form of Indemnification Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.2# Employment Agreement between Cyxtera Management, Inc. and Nelson Fonseca dated May 8, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.3# Amendment to the Employment Agreement between Cyxtera Management, Inc. and Nelson Fonseca dated November 18, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.4# Employment Agreement between Cyxtera Management, Inc. and Randy Rowland dated May 8, 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.5# Amendment to the Employment Agreement between Cyxtera Management, Inc. and Randy Rowland dated November 18, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 
 107 

10.6# Executive Employment Agreement between Cyxtera Management, Inc. and Carlos Sagasta dated February 10, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.7# Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and its NEOs (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 as filed with the SEC on May 12, 2022 and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.8# Non-Employee Director Compensation Program (filed as Exhi bit 10. 8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022 and incorporated here in by this reference.) 
 10.9# 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.10# Forms of award agreements under the Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form S-8 as filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.11# Form of PSU award agreement under the Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 as filed with the SEC on May 12, 2022, and incorporated herein by this reference). 
 10.12# Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on June 14, 2022, and incorporated herein by this reference. 
 10.13 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement by and among certain stockholders (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.14 First Lien Credit Agreement, dated May 1, 2017, by and among Cyxtera DC Parent Holdings, Inc., Cyxtera DC Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Colorado Buyer Inc.), and the other parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 10.15 Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated March 14, 2023, by and among Cyxtera DC Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Colorado Buyer Inc.), Cyxtera DC Parent Holdings, Inc., Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent and the other lenders party thereto 
 10.16 Stockholders Agreement, dated July 29, 2021, by and among Cyxtera Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Starboard Value Acquisition Corp.), SIS Holdings LP, BCEC-Cyxtera Technologies Holdings (Guernsey) L.P., Medina Capital Fund II SIS Holdco, L.P. and SVAC Sponsor LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 4, 2021, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 
 21.1 List of Company s Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney (included on Signature Page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 101.DEF XBRL Instance Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 
 108 

101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 # Represents management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 We will furnish to any security holder, upon written request, copies of any exhibit incorporated by reference, for a fee of 15 cents per page, to cover the costs of furnishing the exhibits. Written requests should include a representation that the person making the request is the beneficial owner of securities entitled to vote at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 
 
 None. 
 
 109 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 /s/ Carlos Sagasta Carlos Sagasta Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Signatory) 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Nelson Fonseca, Carlos Sagasta and Victor Semah, and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Nelson Fonseca Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 16, 2023 Nelson Fonseca /s/ Carlos Sagasta Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 16, 2023 Carlos Sagasta /s/ Edmundo Miranda Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 16, 2023 Edmundo Miranda 
 
 110 

Signature Title Date /s/ Fahim Ahmed Director March 16, 2023 Fahim Ahmed /s/ John W. Diercksen Director March 16, 2023 John W. Diercksen /s/ Michelle Felman Director March 16, 2023 Michelle Felman /s/ Melissa Hathaway Director March 16, 2023 Melissa Hathaway /s/ Manuel D. Medina Director March 16, 2023 Manuel D. Medina /s/ Benjamin Phillips Director March 16, 2023 Benjamin Phillips /s/ Jeffrey C. Smith Director March 16, 2023 Jeffrey C. Smith /s/ Gregory Waters Director March 16, 2023 Gregory Waters 
 111 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 exhibit-42xxdescriptionofs.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 General 
 
 The following description of the capital stock of Cyxtera Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company, we, us, and our and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Charter and our bylaws, as amended (the Bylaws are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Charter and Bylaws copies of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ). As of December 31, 2022, we had one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A common stock ). All shares of our Class A common stock outstanding are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Our purpose is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may now or hereafter be organized under the DGCL. Our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. No shares of preferred stock are issued or outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Holders of shares of our Class A common stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund provisions. 
 
 Voting Rights. Each holder of our Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share on each matter properly submitted to a vote of shareholders, as provided by our Charter. The Bylaws provide that the presence, in person or by proxy, at a shareholders meeting of the holders of shares of outstanding capital stock representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote at such meeting shall constitute a quorum. When a quorum is present, subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of our preferred stock, if any, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast and entitled to vote thereon is required to take action, unless otherwise specified by law, the Bylaws or the Charter, and except for a contested election of directors, which is determined by a plurality vote. There are no cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Dividend Rights. Each holder of shares of our Class A common stock is entitled to the payment of dividends and other distributions as may be declared by our board of directors from time to time out of our assets or funds legally available for dividends or other distributions. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of the holders of our preferred stock, if any, and any contractual limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends. 
 
 Other Rights. Each holder of our Class A common stock is subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 Liquidation Rights. If we are involved in voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, or a similar event, each holder of our Class A common stock will participate pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of our preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. 
 
 1 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Under the terms of our Charter, our board of directors is authorized to direct us to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series without shareholder approval. The board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional, special or other rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. 
 
 The purpose of authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a shareholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, future financings and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, a majority of the outstanding voting stock. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. As a result of these or other factors, the issuance of preferred stock could have an adverse impact on the market price of the Class A common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Class A common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of the business, and therefore, do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors after considering our business prospects, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and availability, debt repayment obligations, capital expenditure needs, contractual restrictions, covenants in the agreements governing current and future indebtedness, industry trends, the provisions of Delaware law affecting the payment of dividends and distributions to shareholders and any other factors or considerations the board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Section 203 of the DGCL 
 
 We have not opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL under our Charter. Under Section 203 of the DGCL, we are prohibited from engaging in any business combination with any shareholder for a period of three years following the time that such shareholder (the interested shareholder came to own at least 15 of the outstanding our voting stock of (the acquisition ), except if 
 
 the board of directors approved the acquisition prior to its consummation 
 
 the interested shareholder owned at least 85 of the outstanding voting stock upon consummation of the acquisition or 
 
 the business combination is approved by the board of directors, and by a 2 3 majority vote of the other shareholders in a meeting. 
 
 Generally, a business combination includes any merger, consolidation, asset or stock sale or certain other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested shareholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested shareholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. 
 2 

Under certain circumstances, declining to opt out of Section 203 of the DGCL will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested shareholder to effect various business combinations with us for a three-year period. This may encourage companies interested in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with the board of directors because the shareholder approval requirement would be avoided if the board of directors approves the acquisition which results in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder. This may also have the effect of preventing changes in the board of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which shareholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 Written Consent by Shareholders 
 
 Pursuant to Section 228 of the DGCL, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of our stock entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, unless the Charter provides otherwise. 
 
 Under our Charter, shareholders may act by written consent provided that there is a minimum of shareholder approval that would be necessary for such action to be approved at a shareholder meeting. Additionally, our Charter requires that for any shareholder action by written consent when a single shareholder or group of affiliated shareholders holds more than 40 of our outstanding shares of capital stock, any action by written consent of the shareholders shall require the affirmative vote of 66.6 of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote. 
 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 
 Any shareholder who wishes to bring business before an annual meeting or nominate directors must comply with the advance notice requirements set forth in our Bylaws. These provisions may have the effect of deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers or changes in control of us or management. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 Our Charter requires that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for any action to bring (i) a derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of ours, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising under the DGCL, the Charter or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine will be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware except for certain claims over which the Court of Chancery determines that it does not have jurisdiction, including for any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder as to which the federal district court for the District of Delaware or the Court of Chancery shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Although we believe that this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us and our directors, officers or other employees and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and 
 3 

regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Shareholders may be subject to increased costs to bring these claims, and the choice of forum provisions could have the effect of discouraging claims or limiting investors ability to bring claims in a judicial forum that they find favorable. In addition, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with one or more actions or proceedings described above, a court could rule that this provision in our Charter is inapplicable or unenforceable. 
 
 Proxy Access 
 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, we will include in our proxy statement and on our proxy card for any annual shareholder meeting the names of any director nominees proposed by shareholders provided that such director nomination meets the requirements set forth in our Bylaws and provided further that such nominee satisfies the qualifications for a director to serve on the board of directors. 
 
 Pursuant to our Bylaws, the maximum number of shareholder director nominees that will be included in our proxy materials shall not exceed the greater of (i) two directors and (ii) 20 of the total number of directors in office provided that the maximum amount of shareholder director nominees may be reduced (but not below one director) by (a) the number of individuals included in the proxy materials due to an agreement between us and a shareholder or group of shareholders or (b) the number of directors currently in office that were previously included in proxy materials due to such proxy access provisions (in both cases, the maximum amount of shareholder director nominees shall not be reduced for any directors that have served continuously for two annual terms). 
 
 Shareholders eligible to submit proxy access materials must have owned for at least three years, continuously, 3 or more of the total voting power of our outstanding shares. This may be satisfied by aggregating the shares of one or more shareholders. Additionally, any shareholders submitting proxy access materials must also provide certain information, representations and warranties in writing to our secretary. 
 
 Shareholder Action Special Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Our Charter provides that shareholders may take action by written consent in lieu of a meeting provided that there is a minimum of shareholder approval that would be necessary for such action to be approved at a shareholder meeting. If there is a single shareholder or group of affiliated shareholders holds more than 40 of the outstanding shares of common stock, the action by shareholder written consent will require the affirmative vote of 66.6 of the voting power all then outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 
 Amendment of Bylaws 
 
 Our Bylaws may be amended or repealed by a majority vote of our board of directors or by the holders of at least 66.6 of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 
 Our Charter and Bylaws provide indemnification and advancement of expenses for our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, subject to certain limited 
 4 

exceptions. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and officers. In some cases, the provisions of those indemnification agreements may be broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained under Delaware law. In addition, as permitted by Delaware law, our Charter and Bylaws include provisions that eliminate the personal liability of directors for monetary damages resulting from breaches of certain fiduciary duties as a director. The effect of this provision is to restrict our rights and the rights of our shareholders in derivative suits to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of fiduciary duties as a director. 
 
 These provisions may be held not to be enforceable for violations of the federal securities laws of the United States. 
 
 Dissenters Rights of Appraisal and Payment 
 
 Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our shareholders have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of the Company. Pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL, shareholders who properly demand and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation will have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. 
 
 Shareholders Derivative Actions 
 
 Under the DGCL, any of our shareholders may bring an action in the Company s name to procure a judgment in its favor, also known as a derivative action, provided that the shareholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 
 
 Trading Symbol and Market 
 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol CYXT. 
 5 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 exhibit1015combined.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15 
 Execution Version 

This AMENDMENT NO. 6 (this Amendment to the Credit Agreement (as defined below) is entered into as of March 14, 2023, by and among CYXTERA DC HOLDINGS, INC. (f k a Colorado Buyer Inc.), a Delaware corporation Borrower ), CYXTERA DC PARENT HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), the Subsidiary Loan Parties, the Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lenders (as defined below) party hereto, the other Revolving Lenders party hereto and CITIBANK, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended Credit Agreement referred to below. 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, Borrower, Holdings, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, Citibank, N.A., as Swingline Lender, and Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse AG, Jefferies Finance LLC, HSBC Bank USA, National Association and Citizens Bank, N.A., as Issuing Banks, are party to that certain First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2017 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 30, 2018, as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 2, dated as of December 21, 2018, as further amended by that certain Amendment No. 3, dated as of May 13, 2019, as further amended by Amendment No. 4, dated as of May 7, 2021, as further amended by Amendment No. 5, dated as of July 6, 2021 and as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement the Credit Agreement as modified by this Amendment is referred to herein as the Amended Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent are party to that certain First Lien Guarantee Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2017 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Guarantee Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent are party to that certain First Lien Collateral Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2017 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Collateral Agreement 
 WHEREAS, Borrower has requested that the Credit Agreement be amended pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment and as set forth herein to establish an Other Revolving Facility (the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility and in connection with such extension, the Borrower has agreed to reduce by the aggregate Extended Revolving Commitments by 15 
 WHEREAS, those Revolving Lenders identified on Schedule I hereto (the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility Commitment Schedule under the heading Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lenders (collectively, the Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lenders are willing to exchange Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans under the Other Revolving Facility established on the Amendment No. 4 Effective Date (such Revolving Commitments, the Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Commitments and the Revolving Loans thereunder, the Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans for Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans under the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility (such Revolving Loans, Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments under the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility (such Revolving Commitments, Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date (as defined below), which Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments shall constitute a separate Class of Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments under the Credit Agreement from the 

Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Commitments 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars be SOFR Loans (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.19 of the Credit Agreement, Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments under the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility may become effective pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment executed by the Borrower, each Person providing Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments and the Administrative Agent 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.02(b) of the Credit Agreement, the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby is required with respect to certain amendments affecting the rate of interest on any Loan 
 WHEREAS, immediately following the effectiveness of the Refinancing Amendment, pursuant to Section 9.02(g) of the Credit Agreement, Section 6.10 will be amended with the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (AMENDMENT NO. 6 EXTENDED REVOLVING FACILITY) . 
 (a) Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments . 
 (i) Exchange . On the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, each Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender shall, severally but not jointly, exchange its Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Commitments for an equal amount of Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments under the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility (without limitation of the provisions of Section 5 below). The Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility Commitment Schedule attached hereto sets forth the Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Commitments that shall be exchanged into Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date (as defined below). 
 (ii) Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility . The Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility shall constitute an Other Revolving Facility under the Amended Credit Agreement, and the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans shall constitute Revolving Loans , Other Revolving Loans and Loans for all purposes under the Loan Documents provided that (A) the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments shall constitute a Class of Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments that is separate and distinct from the Class of Revolving Loans represented by the Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Commitments (including, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of determining if one Class of Lenders is adversely affected for purposes of any amendment, waiver or modification of the Credit Agreement pursuant to Section 9.02 thereof and for purposes of reductions of commitments pursuant to Section 2.07 of the Amended Credit Agreement), (B) the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility shall constitute a Facility that is separate and distinct from the 

Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Facility and (C) the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans will not be treated as being fungible with the Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 (iii) Terms Generally . Except as expressly set forth in, or contemplated by, the provisions of this Amendment, the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments will have identical terms to the Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Commitments. 
 (iv) Security Guarantees . The Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments will rank pari passu in right of payment and of security with the Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Commitments. 
 (v) Maturity . The Maturity Date with respect to the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility, the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments shall be April 2, 2024 the Amendment No. 6 Maturity Date ). 
 (vi) Confirmations . Each Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date hereby (i) confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, this Amendment and the other Loan Documents and the exhibits thereto, together with copies of the financial statements referred to therein and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment, (ii) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Amended Credit Agreement, (iii) appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto and (iv) agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 (vii) Miscellaneous . The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (i) all of the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans outstanding as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date are denominated in Dollars and (ii) the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments are in a minimum aggregate principal amount (and integral multiple amount in excess thereof) in accordance with Section 2.19 of the Credit Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall record in the Register the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans and Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments, and the principal amounts and stated interest of the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans owing to each Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender and its subsequent permitted assignees. 
 (b) Interest Periods . The Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans shall be initially deemed incurred pursuant to a Borrowing of Eurocurrency Loans, with such Borrowing to be subject to (i) an Interest Period which commences on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date and end on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans with respect to which the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans were 

received and (B) the Adjusted LIBO Rates applicable to the Amendment No. 4 Extended Revolving Loans for such Interest Period and the provisions of the Credit Agreement applicable thereto shall continue and remain in effect until the end of such Interest Period after which such provisions shall have no further force and effect with respect to the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans. 
 (c) Agreements of the Extending Lenders . Each Extending Lender agrees that effective on and at all times after the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, such Extending Lender will be bound by all obligations of a Lender under the Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 2. AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT . EFFECTIVE AS OF THE AMENDMENT NO. 6 EFFECTIVE DATE (AS DEFINED BELOW), THE CREDIT AGREEMENT IS HEREBY AMENDED BY INSERTING THE LANGUAGE INDICATED IN SINGLE UNDERLINED TEXT (INDICATED TEXTUALLY IN THE SAME MANNER AS THE FOLLOWING EXAMPLE SINGLE-UNDERLINED TEXT IN ANNEX A HERETO AND BY DELETING THE LANGUAGE INDICATED BY STRIKETHROUGH TEXT (INDICATED TEXTUALLY IN THE SAME MANNER AS THE FOLLOWING EXAMPLE STRICKEN TEXT IN ANNEX A HERETO. 
 SECTION 3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . THE BORROWER REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS AS OF THE AMENDMENT NO. 6 EFFECTIVE DATE TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, AND TO EACH OF THE REVOLVING LENDERS PARTY HERETO (INCLUDING, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE AMENDMENT NO. 6 EXTENDING REVOLVING LENDERS) THAT 
 (a) This Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each Loan Party hereto and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party hereto, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (b) The representations and warranties of each Loan Party hereto set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation and warranty is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) on and as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation and warranty is qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) as of such earlier date. 
 (c) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 SECTION 4. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN (THE AMENDMENT NO. 6 EFFECTIVE DATE WHEN 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment that, when taken together, bear the signatures of the Borrower, Holdings, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the consenting Revolving Lenders (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lenders) 

(b) the Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of, 
 (i) each Organizational Document of each Loan Party certified, to the extent applicable, as of a recent date by the applicable Governmental Authority (or confirmation that any such Organization Document of such Loan Party delivered on the Effective Date (or on the effective date of any amendment to the Credit Agreement executed prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date) has not been modified and is still in effect), 
 (ii) signature and incumbency certificates of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party executing the Amendment, 
 (iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Loan Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of Amendment No. 6, certified as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date by each Loan Party s secretary, an assistant secretary or a Responsible Officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment, 
 (iv) a good standing certificate (to the extent such concept exists) from the applicable Governmental Authority of each Loan Party s jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation, and 
 (v) a certificate by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (A) certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 of this Amendment are true and correct in all material respects as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date and (B) certifying that at the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (c) the Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion of (i) Kirkland & Ellis LLP, special counsel to the Loan Parties, pertaining to matters of federal law, New York law and, with respect to the Loan Parties that are organized in Delaware, certain provisions of Delaware law and (ii) Polsinelli PC, Missouri counsel to the Loan Parties 
 (d) the Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all expenses required to be paid or reimbursed by Borrower in connection with this Amendment pursuant to Section 9.03 of the Credit Agreement provided that the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Borrower one or more invoices setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail at least two Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date 
 (e) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230 (the Beneficial Ownership Regulation ), at least two Business Days prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received a beneficial ownership certification as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation (the Beneficial Ownership Certificate in relation to the Borrower 
 (f) substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Amendment, the Borrower shall have prepaid the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans in an amount such that after giving effect to such prepayment, the outstanding Amendment No. 6 Revolving Lender s Revolving Exposure does not the exceed the Total Revolving Commitments after giving effect to the commitment reduction in Section 5 

(g) the Administrative Agent shall have received, or substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Amendment receive, for the account of the Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lenders, an amendment fee in an amount equal to 0.50 of the aggregate principal amount of such Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lenders Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments made available to the Borrower on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date (after giving effect to the commitment reduction in Section 5) and 
 (h) the Administrative Agent shall have received an updated Perfection Certificate (as defined in the Collateral Agreement) (or, to the extent such request relates to specified information contained in the Perfection Certificate, such information) reflecting all changes since the date of the information most recently received by the Administrative Agent. 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the effectiveness of this Amendment on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date. 
 SECTION 5. REDUCTION OF REVOLVING COMMITMENTS . SUBJECT TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 4 ON THE AMENDMENT NO. 6 EFFECTIVE DATE AND THE CONSUMMATION OF THE EXCHANGE OF AMENDMENT NO. 4 EXTENDED REVOLVING LOANS AND AMENDMENT NO. 4 EXTENDED REVOLVING COMMITMENTS FOR AMENDMENT NO. 6 EXTENDED REVOLVING COMMITMENTS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1, THE BORROWER HEREBY NOTIFIES THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06 OF THE AMENDED CREDIT AGREEMENT THAT THE REVOLVING COMMITMENTS OF EACH AMENDMENT NO. 6 EXTENDING REVOLVING LENDER SHALL BE REDUCED BY 15 ON THE AMENDMENT NO. 6 EFFECTIVE DATE AS SET FORTH ON SCHEDULE 1. SUCH REDUCTION OF COMMITMENTS SHALL BE DONE ON A PRO RATA BASIS BASED ON THE AMENDMENT NO. 6 EXTENDED REVOLVING COMMITMENTS OF EACH AMENDMENT NO. 6 EXTENDING LENDER AND SHALL APPLY PROPORTIONATELY AND PERMANENTLY TO REDUCE SUCH REVOLVING COMMITMENTS. 
 SECTION 6. CREDIT AGREEMENT . EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, THIS AMENDMENT (A) SHALL NOT BY IMPLICATION OR OTHERWISE LIMIT, IMPAIR, CONSTITUTE A WAIVER OF OR OTHERWISE AFFECT THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE LENDERS, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY UNDER THE CREDIT AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND (B) SHALL NOT ALTER, MODIFY, AMEND OR IN ANY WAY AFFECT ANY OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, OBLIGATIONS, COVENANTS OR AGREEMENTS CONTAINED IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, ALL OF WHICH ARE RATIFIED AND AFFIRMED IN ALL RESPECTS AND SHALL CONTINUE IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO ENTITLE THE BORROWER OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY TO ANY FUTURE CONSENT TO, OR WAIVER, AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION OR OTHER CHANGE OF, ANY OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, OBLIGATIONS, COVENANTS OR AGREEMENTS CONTAINED IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN SIMILAR OR DIFFERENT CIRCUMSTANCES. AFTER THE DATE HEREOF, ANY REFERENCE IN THE LOAN DOCUMENTS TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT SHALL MEAN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT AS MODIFIED HEREBY. 

SECTION 7. RATIFICATION OF GUARANTEE AND SECURITY . 
 (a) Each Guarantor reaffirms its Guarantee of the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee Agreement) under the terms and conditions of the Guarantee Agreement and agrees that such Guarantee remains in full force and effect and is hereby ratified, reaffirmed and confirmed. Each Guarantor hereby confirms that it consents to the terms of this Amendment. Each Guarantor hereby (i) confirms that its Guarantee pursuant to each Loan Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound will continue to Guarantee to the fullest extent possible in accordance with the Loan Documents, the payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee Agreement), including without limitation the payment and performance of all such Guaranteed Obligations that are joint and several obligations of each Guarantor now or hereafter existing and (ii) acknowledges, agrees and warrants for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party that there are no rights of set-off or counterclaim, nor any defenses of any kind, whether legal, equitable or otherwise, that would enable such Guarantor to avoid or delay timely performance of its obligations under the Loan Documents (except to the extent such obligations constitute Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to such Guarantor). 
 (b) Each Loan Party in its capacity as a grantor under the Collateral Agreement (each, a Grantor hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed and consents to the terms and conditions of this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Amended Credit Agreement. In addition, each Grantor reaffirms the security interests previously granted by such Loan Party under the terms and conditions of the Collateral Agreement to secure the Obligations and agrees that such security interests remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified, reaffirmed and confirmed. Each Loan Party hereby (i) confirms that all Collateral encumbered by each Loan Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound will continue to secure, to the fullest extent possible in accordance with the Loan Documents, the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations, including without limitation the payment and performance of all such Secured Obligations that are joint and several obligations of each Loan Party now or hereafter existing, (ii) confirms its respective prior grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties of the security interest in and continuing Lien on all of such Loan Party s right, title and interest in, to and under all Collateral, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and wherever located, as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise, of all applicable Secured Obligations (including all such Secured Obligations as amended or reaffirmed pursuant to this Amendment), subject to the terms contained in the applicable Loan Documents, (iii) confirms its respective prior pledge, prior grant of security interest and other obligations, as applicable, under and subject to the terms of each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (iv) in each case, on and after the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, acknowledges and affirms that the Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments under the Extended Revolving Facility made pursuant to this Amendment on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date constitute Secured Obligations as defined in the Collateral Agreement. 
 (c) Each Guarantor and Grantor acknowledges and agrees that each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party or otherwise bound shall continue in full force and effect, as modified hereby, and that all of its obligations thereunder shall be valid and enforceable and shall not be impaired or limited by the execution or effectiveness of this Amendment, except as expressly contemplated hereby. 

SECTION 8. REFERENCE TO AND EFFECT ON THE CREDIT AGREEMENT AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS . 
 (a) This Amendment shall constitute both an Refinancing Amendment and a Loan Document under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 (b) On and after the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, (i) each reference in the Amended Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement, (ii) each Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender shall constitute a Lender , a Revolving Lender and (if applicable) an Additional Lender , (iii) commitments in respect of the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility shall constitute Other Revolving Commitments , Revolving Commitments and Commitments , (iv) the Revolving Loans under the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility shall constitute Other Revolving Loans , Revolving Loans and Loans and (v) the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Facility shall constitute an Other Revolving Facility , a Revolving Facility and a Facility , in each case, for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 9. MISCELLANEOUS . 
 (a) Waivers and Amendments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Amended Credit Agreement, this Amendment may not be amended nor may any provision hereof be waived except pursuant to, and may be waived pursuant to, a writing signed only by Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Amendment No. 6 Required Revolving Lenders. 
 (b) Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted by the Loan Documents. Nothing in this Amendment, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, and as otherwise set forth in Section 9.04(a) of the Credit agreement) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (c) Counterpart s. This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by telecopy or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
 (d) Integration . This Amendment and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 (e) Severability . Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 (f) Applicable Law . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(g) Jurisdiction Venue Consent to Service of Process . Each party hereto hereby agrees as set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of Section 9.09 of the Credit Agreement as if such clauses were set forth in full herein, mutatis mutandis . 
 (h) Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY AGREES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.10 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT AS IF SUCH SECTION WERE SET FORTH IN FULL HEREIN, MUTATIS MUTANDIS . 
 (i) Headings . The Section headings and subheadings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 
 Signature Pages Follow 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first written above. 
 Borrower 
 CYXTERA DC HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By s Carlos I. Sagasta Name Carlos I. Sagasta 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Holdings 
 CYXTERA DC PARENT HOLDINGS, INC. 
 By s Carlos I. Sagasta Name Carlos I. Sagasta 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 

Subsidiary Loan Parties 
 CYXTERA DATA CENTERS, INC. (f k a Savvis, Inc.) 
 By s Carlos I. Sagasta Name Carlos I. Sagasta 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 CYXTERA COMMUNICATIONS, LLC (f k a Savvis Communications, LLC) 
 By s Carlos I. Sagasta Name Carlos I. Sagasta 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 CITIBANK, N.A. as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent Swingline Lender Issuing Bank Amendment No. 6 Extending Lender 
 By s Ioannis Theocharis Name Ioannis Theocharis 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as an Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender 
 By s Lance Buxkemper Name Lance Buxkemper 
 Title Executive Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 

Barclays Bank PLC, as an Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender 
 By s Sean Duggan Name Sean Duggan 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 

JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, as an Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender 
 By s JR Young Name JR Young 
 Title Managing Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, Cayman Islands Branch as an Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender 
 By s Gianni Russello Name Gianni Russello 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

By s Johannes Werner Name Johannes Werner 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 

CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC. as an Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender 
 By s Ioannis Theocharis Name Ioannis Theocharis 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 

HSBC BANK USA, N.A. as an Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender 
 By s Mark F. Zeis Name Mark F. Zeis 
 Title SVP 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 

Macquarie Capital Funding LLC, as an Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender 
 By s Ayesha Farooqi Name Ayesha Farooqi 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

By s Vin Repaci Name Vin Repaci 
 Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 

Schedule I 
 
 On file with the Borrower. 

Annex A 
 Amended Credit Agreement 

#96654161v10 

CONFORMED THROUGH AMENDMENT NO. 6 

FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of May 1, 2017 
 by and among 
 CYXTERA DC PARENT HOLDINGS, INC. as Initial Holdings, 
 COLORADO BUYER INC., as the Borrower, 
 The Lenders Party Hereto, 
 CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Syndication Agent, 
 and 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC, JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC., MACQUARIE CAPITAL (USA) INC. and CITIZENS BANK, N.A., as Documentation Agents 
 CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC, JEFFERIES FINANCE LLC, HSBC SECURITIES (USA) INC., MACQUARIE CAPITAL (USA) INC. and CITIZENS BANK, N.A., as Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

#96654161v10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 
 SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms 1 SECTION 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 66 SECTION 1.03 Terms Generally 66 SECTION 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP 66 SECTION 1.05 Effectuation of Transactions 67 SECTION 1.06 Currency Translation Rates 67 SECTION 1.07 Letters of Credit 68 SECTION 1.08 Limited Condition Acquisitions 68 
 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 
 SECTION 2.01 Commitments 69 SECTION 2.02 Loans and Borrowings 69 SECTION 2.03 Requests for Borrowings 70 SECTION 2.04 Funding of Borrowings 71 SECTION 2.05 Interest Elections 72 SECTION 2.06 Termination and Reduction of Commitments 73 SECTION 2.07 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt 74 SECTION 2.08 Amortization of Term Loans 75 SECTION 2.09 Prepayment of Loans 76 SECTION 2.10 Fees 84 SECTION 2.11 Interest 86 SECTION 2.12 Alternate Rate of Interest 86 SECTION 2.13 Increased Costs 87 SECTION 2.14 Break Funding Payments 89 SECTION 2.15 Taxes 89 SECTION 2.16 Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Setoffs 92 SECTION 2.17 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 94 SECTION 2.18 Increased Loans and Commitments 95 SECTION 2.19 Refinancing Amendments 98 SECTION 2.20 Defaulting Lenders 98 SECTION 2.21 Illegality 101 SECTION 2.22 Loan Modification Offers 102 SECTION 2.23 Swingline Loans 103 SECTION 2.24 Letters of Credit 105 SECTION 2.25 Dollar Amount 109 
 
 i 

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 SECTION 3.01 Organization Powers 109 SECTION 3.02 Authorization Enforceability 110 SECTION 3.03 Governmental and Third-Party Approvals No Conflicts 110 SECTION 3.04 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Effect 110 SECTION 3.05 Properties Insurance 111 SECTION 3.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters 111 SECTION 3.07 Compliance with Laws and Agreements 111 SECTION 3.08 Investment Company Status 112 SECTION 3.09 Taxes 112 SECTION 3.10 ERISA 112 SECTION 3.11 Disclosure 112 SECTION 3.12 Subsidiaries 113 SECTION 3.13 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc 113 SECTION 3.14 Solvency 113 SECTION 3.15 Senior Indebtedness 113 SECTION 3.16 Federal Reserve Regulations 113 SECTION 3.17 Use of Proceeds 114 SECTION 3.18 PATRIOT Act, OFAC and FCPA 114 SECTION 3.19 Security Documents 114 
 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 
 SECTION 4.01 Effective Date 114 SECTION 4.02 Each Credit Event 116 

ii 

ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 SECTION 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information 117 SECTION 5.02 Notices of Material Events 120 SECTION 5.03 Information Regarding Collateral 121 SECTION 5.04 Existence Conduct of Business 121 SECTION 5.05 Payment of Taxes, etc 121 SECTION 5.06 Maintenance of Properties 121 SECTION 5.07 Insurance 121 SECTION 5.08 Books and Records Inspection and Audit Rights 122 SECTION 5.09 Compliance with Laws 122 SECTION 5.10 Use of Proceeds 123 SECTION 5.11 Additional Subsidiaries 123 SECTION 5.12 Further Assurances 123 SECTION 5.13 Ratings 123 SECTION 5.14 Certain Post-Closing Obligations 123 SECTION 5.15 Designation of Subsidiaries 124 SECTION 5.16 Change in Business 124 SECTION 5.17 Changes in Fiscal Periods 124 SECTION 5.18 Quarterly Lender Calls 124 
 ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 SECTION 6.01 Indebtedness Certain Equity Securities 124 SECTION 6.02 Liens 130 SECTION 6.03 Fundamental Changes 133 SECTION 6.04 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions 135 SECTION 6.05 Asset Sales 137 SECTION 6.06 Holdings Covenant 139 SECTION 6.07 Negative Pledge 139 SECTION 6.08 Restricted Payments Certain Payments of Indebtedness 141 SECTION 6.09 Transactions with Affiliates 145 SECTION 6.10 Financial Covenant 146 

iii 

ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
 SECTION 7.01 Events of Default 147 SECTION 7.02 Application of Proceeds 150 SECTION 7.03 Cure Right 151 
 ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 9.01 Notices 156 SECTION 9.02 Waivers Amendments 157 SECTION 9.03 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver 161 SECTION 9.04 Successors and Assigns 162 SECTION 9.05 Survival 168 SECTION 9.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness 168 SECTION 9.07 Severability 169 SECTION 9.08 Right of Setoff 169 SECTION 9.09 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process 169 SECTION 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 170 SECTION 9.11 Headings 170 SECTION 9.12 Confidentiality 170 SECTION 9.13 USA Patriot Act 171 SECTION 9.14 Reserved 171 SECTION 9.15 Release of Liens and Guarantees 171 SECTION 9.16 No Fiduciary Relationship 172 SECTION 9.17 Secured Cash Management Obligations and Secured Swap Obligations 172 SECTION 9.18 Interest Rate Limitation 172 SECTION 9.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 173 SECTION 9.20 Intercreditor Agreements 173 SECTION 9.21 Judgment Currency 173 
 
 iv 

ANNEXES 
 Annex I Amortization Table for Term Loans 
 SCHEDULES 
 Schedule 1.01(a) Excluded Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 2.01(a) Revolving Commitments 
 Schedule 2.01(b) Term Commitments 
 Schedule 3.05 Owned Real Property 
 Schedule 3.12 Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 5.14 Certain Post-Closing Obligations 
 Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness 
 Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens 
 Schedule 6.04(f) Existing Investments 
 Schedule 6.07 Existing Restrictions 
 Schedule 6.09 Existing Affiliate Transactions 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A-1 Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit A-2 Form of Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B Form of Borrowing Request 
 Exhibit C Form of Guarantee Agreement 
 Exhibit D Form of Collateral Agreement 
 Exhibit E Form of Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement 
 Exhibit F Form of First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
 Exhibit G-1 Form of Closing Certificate 
 Exhibit G-2 Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit H Form of Intercompany Note 
 Exhibit I Form of Specified Discount Prepayment Notice 
 Exhibit J Form of Specified Discount Prepayment Response 
 Exhibit K Form of Discount Range Prepayment Notice 
 Exhibit L Form of Discount Range Prepayment Offer 
 Exhibit M Form of Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice 
 Exhibit N Form of Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer 
 Exhibit O Form of Acceptance and Prepayment Notice 
 Exhibit P-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit P-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit P-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit P-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Non-U.S. Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
 Exhibit Q Form of Mortgage 
 v 

FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of May 1, 2017 (this Agreement ), by and among CYXTERA DC PARENT HOLDINGS, INC., a Delaware corporation Initial Holdings ), COLORADO BUYER INC., a Delaware corporation, as borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower ), the LENDERS party hereto, and CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent. 
 Capitalized terms used in the recitals below that are not otherwise defined therein have the respective meanings set forth in Section 1.01. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested the Lenders to extend 150,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Revolving Commitments on the Effective Date. 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested the Lenders to extend 815,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Initial Term Loans on the Effective Date. 
 WHEREAS, the Lenders have agreed to provide such Revolving Commitments and Initial Term Loans on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 Article I DEFINITIONS 
 Section 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below 
 2017 Audit Extension Date means May 31, 2018 provided that such date shall automatically be extended to each subsequent date set forth in the column under the caption 2017 Audit Extension Date in the table below but only if the Borrower has paid to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of and for the account of each Amendment No. 1 Consenting Lender, a fee equal to the product of (x) the percentage set forth in the corresponding column under the caption Extension Fee in the table below (expressed as a decimal) times (y) the sum (without duplication) of such Amendment No. 1 Consenting Lender s Loans and Commitments as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (as well as each of the fees payable with respect to each preceding extension), on or before the date set forth in the corresponding column under the caption Extension Fee Payment Date in the table below 
 2017 Audit Extension Date 
 Extension Fee Extension Fee Payment Date June 30, 2018 
 0.125 May 31, 2018 July 31, 2018 
 0.125 June 30, 2018 
 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Acceptable Discount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(2). 
 Acceptable Prepayment Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(3). 
 Acceptance and Prepayment Notice means an irrevocable written notice from a Lender accepting a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer to make a Discounted Loan Prepayment at the Acceptable Discount specified therein pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D) substantially in the form of Exhibit O. 

Acceptance Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(2). 
 Accepting Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 2.22(a). 
 Accounting Changes has the meaning specified in Section 1.04(d). 
 Acquired Business means Target and the Target Subsidiaries. 
 Acquired EBITDA means, with respect to any Pro Forma Entity for any period, the amount for such period of Consolidated EBITDA of such Pro Forma Entity (determined as if references to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the definition of the term Consolidated EBITDA (and in the component financial definitions used therein) were references to such Pro Forma Entity and its Subsidiaries which will become Restricted Subsidiaries), all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Pro Forma Entity. 
 Acquired Entity or Business has the meaning given such term in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 Acquisition means the acquisition of the Acquired Business pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement. 
 Acquisition Agreement means the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2016, by and between Seller and Borrower, as amended from time to time and together with the schedules and exhibits thereto. 
 Acquisition Documents means the Acquisition Agreement, all other agreements entered into between the Target or its Affiliates and Holdings or its Affiliates in connection with the Acquisition and all schedules, exhibits and annexes to each of the foregoing and all side letters, instruments and agreements affecting the terms of the foregoing or entered into in connection therewith. 
 Acquisition Transaction means the purchase or other acquisition, by merger, consolidation or otherwise, by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Equity Interests in, or all or substantially all the assets of (or all or substantially all the assets constituting a business unit, division, product line or line of business of), any Person. 
 Additional Lender means, at any time, any bank or other financial institution (including any such bank or financial institution that is a Lender at such time) that agrees to provide any portion of any (a) Incremental Revolving Commitment, Incremental Term Commitment or Incremental Loan pursuant to an Incremental Facility Amendment in accordance with Section 2.18 or (b) Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment in accordance with Section 2.19 provided that each Additional Lender (other than any Person that is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender at such time) shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent (such approval in each case not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the Borrower. 
 Adjusted LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1 100 of 1 equal to (a) the applicable LIBO Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate. 
 Adjustment Date means the last day of each calendar month of March, June, September and December. 
 Administrative Agent means Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Article VIII. 
 2 

Administrative Questionnaire means an administrative questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
 Affected Class has the meaning specified in Section 2.22(a). 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly or indirectly Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Jefferies LLC and its Affiliates shall be deemed to be Affiliates of Jefferies Finance LLC and its Affiliates. 
 Affiliated Debt Fund means (a) an Affiliated Lender that is a bona fide debt fund engaged in, or that advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course and the investment decisions of which are not controlled by the private equity business of the relevant Sponsor and (b) any trust, fund, other entity or separate allocation of funds and portfolio of assets of an Affiliated Lender which, in each case, is managed independently from all other trusts, funds, allocation of funds, portfolios of assets or other entities managed or controlled by a Sponsor, which have been established for the primarily or main purpose of investing in the share capital of companies (and, for the avoidance of doubt, but without limitation, an entity, trust, fund, allocation of funds or portfolio of assets shall be treated as being managed independently from all other trusts, funds, allocations of funds, portfolios of assets or other entities managed or controlled by a Sponsor, if it has a different general partner, (or equivalent)) or a different person or committee who has the ultimate decision making power on investments. 
 Affiliated Lender means, at any time, any Lender that is an Affiliate of the Borrower (other than Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries) at such time. 
 Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(f)(6). 
 Affiliated Lender Cap has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(f)(5). 
 Agent means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, each Lead Arranger, each Joint Bookrunner, the Syndication Agent, each Co-Documentation Agent and any successors and assigns in such capacity, and Agents means two or more of them. 
 Agreement has the meaning provided in the preamble hereto. 
 Alternative Currency SONIA Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for any then-current Alternative Currency Term Benchmark or SONIA for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time in the United States. 
 If the Alternative Currency SONIA Benchmark Replacement as determined above would be less than 0.00 , the Alternative Currency SONIA Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Alternative Currency SONIA Benchmark Replacement Event has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12(c). 
 3 

Alternative Currency Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Rate. 
 Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Rate means for any Interest Period with respect to an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate provided that to the extent a comparable or successor rate is established pursuant to Section 2.12, such established rate shall be applied to the applicable Interest Period in a manner consistent with market practice provided further, that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied to the applicable Interest Period as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Rate be less than 0.00 (and if such rate would otherwise be less than 0.00 , it shall be deemed to be 0.00 ). 
 Alternate Base Rate means for any day (x) in the case of the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans (or any other calculation with respect to such Loans), the greatest of (a) the NYFRB Rate plus 1 2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Citibank as its prime rate, and (c) the Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1.00 provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). If the Alternate Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to 2.12 (for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.12(d), then the Alternate Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above and (y) in the case of all other Loans, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1 2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Citibank as its prime rate, and (c) the Adjusted LIBO Rate on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) for a deposit in Dollars with a maturity of one month plus 1.00 . The prime rate is a rate set by Citibank based upon various factors including Citibank s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Citibank shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely with respect to the Initial Term Loans, the Alternate Base Rate will be deemed to be 2.00 per annum if the Alternate Base Rate calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions would otherwise be less than 2.00 per annum. 
 Alternative Currency means (a) Canadian Dollars and Sterling and (b) subject to the consent of the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank agreeing to issue Letters of Credit in such currency and each Revolving Lender agreeing to make Revolving Loans in such currency, any other currency. 
 Amendment No. 1 means that certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 30, 2018, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, the Subsidiary Loan Parties, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 4 

Amendment No. 1 Consenting Lender means the Consenting Lenders (as defined in Amendment No. 1) and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Amendment No. 1. 
 Amendment No. 2 means that certain Amendment No. 2, dated as of December 21, 2018, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, the Subsidiary Loan Parties, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Amendment No. 2 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Amendment No. 2. Amendment No. 4 means that certain Amendment No. 4, dated as of May 7, 2021, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, the Subsidiary Loan Parties, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Amendment No. 4 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Amendment No. 4. 
 Amendment No. 6 means that certain Amendment No. 6, dated as of March 14, 2023, by and among the Borrower, Holdings, the Subsidiary Loan Parties, the Lenders party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent. 
 Amendment No. 6 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Amendment No. 6. 
 Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 6. 
 Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 6. 
 Amendment No. 6 Extending Revolving Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Amendment No. 6. 
 Amendment No. 6 Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Maturity Date. 
 Amendment No. 6 Restricted Period means the period on and following the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date until the date on which the Loan Document Obligations (other than contingent obligations in respect of which no claim has been made) in respect of the Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit are repaid in full (or cash collateralized, or back-stopped in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and the unused Revolving Commitments shall have been terminated. 
 Applicable Account means, with respect to any payment to be made to the Administrative Agent hereunder, the account specified by the Administrative Agent from time to time for the purpose of receiving payments of such type. 
 Applicable Discount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C)(2). 
 Applicable Rate means 
 (a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, 3.00 for Eurocurrency Loans and 2.00 for ABR Loans 
 (b) with respect to any Class of Term Loans other than the Initial Term Loans, as specified in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment, Refinancing Amendment or Permitted Amendment and 
 (c) with respect to all Revolving Loans, with respect to each fiscal quarter, the applicable rate per annum set forth in the table below, based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio for the Test Period ended as of the most recent Adjustment Date provided that until the first Adjustment Date occurring after the first full fiscal 
 5 

quarter ended after the Effective Date, the Applicable Rate will be the applicable rate per annum set forth below in Category 1 Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans, (w) 4.00 per annum for Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Benchmark Loans (other than SONIA Loans), (y) 4.0326 per annum for SONIA Loans and (z) 3.00 per annum for ABR Loans. 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio 
 Adjusted LIBO Rate Daily Simple SONIA ABR Category 1 
 Greater than 4.00 to 1.00 
 3.00 3.0326 2.00 Category 2 
 Equal to or less than 4.00 to 1.00 but greater than 3.50 to 1.00 
 2.75 2.7827 1.75 Category 3 
 Equal to or less than 3.50 to 1.00 
 2.50 2.5326 1.50 
 
 and 
 (d) the Applicable Rate for Revolving Loans will be adjusted quarterly on a prospective basis on each Adjustment Date based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio in accordance with the applicable table above provided that (i) if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time any reduction in the Applicable Rate would otherwise be implemented, then no such reduction shall be implemented until the date on which such Event of Default shall no longer be continuing, and (ii) if any Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement is at any time restated or otherwise revised, or if the information set forth in any such Compliance Certificate otherwise proves to be false or incorrect such that the Applicable Rate would have been higher than was otherwise in effect during any period, without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result thereof, interest due with respect to Loans under this Agreement shall be recalculated by the Administrative Agent at such higher rate for any applicable periods and shall be due and payable within 5 Business Days of receipt of such calculation by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent and shall be payable only to the Lenders whose Revolving Loans were outstanding during such period when the Applicable Rate should have been higher (regardless of whether such Lenders remain parties to this Agreement at the time such payment is made). 
 Approved Bank has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Permitted Investments. 
 Approved Electronic Communications means each notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material that any Loan Party is obligated to, or otherwise chooses to, provide to the Administrative Agent and or the Collateral Agent pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein, including (a) any supplement, joinder or amendment to the Security Documents and any other written communication delivered or required to be delivered in respect of any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein and any financial statements, financial and other 
 6 

report, notice, request, certificate and other information materials provided, however , that solely with respect to delivery of any such Communication by any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent and without limiting or otherwise affecting either the Administrative Agent s right to effect delivery of such Communication by posting such Communication to the Approved Electronic Platform or the protections afforded hereby to the Administrative Agent in connection with any such posting, Approved Electronic Communication shall exclude (i) any notice of borrowing, letter of credit request, notice of conversion or continuation, and any other notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material relating to a request for a new, or a conversion of an existing, Borrowing, (ii) any notice relating to the payment of any principal or other amount due under any Loan Document prior to the scheduled date therefor, (iii) all notices of any Default or Event of Default and (iv) any notice, demand, communication, information, document and other material required to be delivered to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in Article IV or any other condition to any Borrowing or other extension of credit hereunder or any condition precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement. 
 Approved Electronic Platform has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01. 
 Approved Foreign Bank has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of the term Permitted Investments. 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any Person whose consent is required by Section 9.04), substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 or any other form reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 Auction Agent means (a) the Administrative Agent or (b) any other financial institution or advisor employed by the Borrower (whether or not an Affiliate of the Administrative Agent) to act as an arranger in connection with any Discounted Loan Prepayment pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(ii) provided that the Borrower shall not designate the Administrative Agent as the Auction Agent without the written consent of the Administrative Agent (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall be under no obligation to agree to act as the Auction Agent). 
 Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheets of the Acquired Business as at the end of, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and parent net investment of the Acquired Business for, the fiscal years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2015, including the notes thereto. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of (a) the Maturity Date of any Revolving Commitments and (b) the date of termination of such Revolving Commitments. 
 Available Amount , means a cumulative amount equal to (without duplication) 
 (a) the greater of (i) 75,000,000 and (ii) 30 of Consolidated EBITDA on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently completed Test Period as of such time (the Starter Basket plus 
 (b) 50 of Consolidated Net Income for the period (treated as one accounting period) from the Effective Date to the end of the most recent Test Period (with any 
 7 

portion of such calculation representing less than a full fiscal quarter of the Borrower calculated based on the total Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal quarter prorated for the actual number of days during such fiscal quarter occurring on and after the Effective Date), plus 
 (c) returns, profits, distributions and similar amounts received in cash or Permitted Investments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on Investments made using the Available Amount (not to exceed the amount of such Investments), plus 
 (d) Investments of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in any Unrestricted Subsidiary made using the Available Amount that has been re-designated as a Restricted Subsidiary or that has been merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (up to the lesser of (i) the Fair Market Value of the Investments of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation or merger or consolidation and (ii) the Fair Market Value of the original Investment by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary), plus 
 (e) the Net Proceeds of a sale or other Disposition of any Unrestricted Subsidiary (including the issuance of stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, but excluding any such Disposition to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, plus 
 (f) the value of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (up to the lesser of (i) the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower) of the Investments of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in such unrestricted subsidiary at the time of such re-designation or merger or consolidation and (ii) the fair market value of the original investments by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in such unrestricted subsidiary, plus 
 (g) dividends or other distributions or returns on capital received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from an Unrestricted Subsidiary, plus 
 (h) the aggregate amount of any Retained Declined Proceeds since the Effective Date. 
 Available Equity Amount means a cumulative amount equal to (without duplication) 
 (a) the Net Proceeds of new public or private issuances of Qualified Equity Interests in Holdings or any parent of Holdings which are contributed to the Borrower after the Effective Date (other than such amount constituting a Cure Amount), plus 
 (b) capital contributions received by the Borrower after the Effective Date in cash or Permitted Investments (other than in respect of any Disqualified Equity Interest or constituting a Cure Amount and the Fair Market Value of other property that is useful in the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and contributed to the capital of the Borrower after the Effective Date (including through consolidation or merger), plus 
 (c) the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower from Indebtedness and Disqualified Equity Interest issuances issued after the Effective Date and which have been exchanged or converted into Qualified Equity Interests, plus 
 8 

(d) returns, profits, distributions and similar amounts received in cash or Permitted Investments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on Investments made using the Available Equity Amount (not to exceed the amount of such Investments). 
 Available Revolving Commitment means, at any time, with respect to the Revolving Facility, the Revolving Commitments of any Revolving Lender then in effect under the Revolving Facility minus the Revolving Exposure of such Revolving Lender under the Revolving Facility at such time. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (g) of Section 2.12. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Basel III means, collectively, those certain agreements on capital requirements, a leverage ratio and liquidity standards contained in Basel III A Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems, Basel III International Framework for Liquidity Risk Measurement, Standards and Monitoring, and Guidance for National Authorities Operating the Countercyclical Capital Buffer, each as published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 (as revised from time to time), and as implemented by a Lender s primary banking regulatory authority. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any Term SOFR Loan denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Rate or the then-current Benchmark for Dollars, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (d) of Section 2.12. 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (1) the Daily Simple SOFR 
 (2) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in Dollars at such time in the United States. 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than 0.00 , the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be 0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 9 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and or any Term SOFR Loan denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides (in consultation with the Borrower) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with both market practice and other U.S. syndicated credit facilities for similarly situated borrowers for which the Administrative Agent acts as administrative agent (or, if the Administrative Agent decides (in consultation with the Borrower) that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines (in consultation with the Borrower) that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides (in consultation with the Borrower) is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and substantially consistent with other U.S. syndicated credit facilities for similarly situated borrowers for which the Administrative Agent acts as administrative agent). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer representative provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
 10 

administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12. 
 Board of Directors means, with respect to any Person, (a) in the case of any corporation, the board of directors of such Person or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) in the case of any limited liability company, the board of managers or board of directors of such Person, (c) in the case of any partnership, the board of directors or board of managers of a general partner of such Person and (d) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing. 
 Board of Governors means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Borrower has the meaning provided in the preamble hereto and including any Successor Borrower. 
 Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment means the offer by the Borrower to make a voluntary prepayment of Loans at a specified discount to par pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(ii)(B). 
 Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers means the solicitation by the Borrower of offers for, and the corresponding acceptance by a Lender of, a voluntary prepayment of Loans at a specified range at a discount to par pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C). 
 Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers means the solicitation by the Borrower of offers for, and the subsequent acceptance, if any, by a Lender of, a voluntary prepayment of Loans at a discount to par pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D). 
 11 

Borrowing means (a) Loans of the same Facility, Class and Type, made, converted or continued on the same date in the same currency and, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans, Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans and Term SOFR Loans as to which a single Interest Period is in effect and (b) Swingline Loans. 
 Borrowing Minimum means (a) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the lesser of 1,000,000 and the remaining Commitments of the applicable Class, (b) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, the lesser of C 1,000,000 and the remaining Commitments of the applicable Class, (c) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Sterling, the lesser of 500,000 and the remaining Commitments of the applicable Class and (d) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in any Alternative Currency other than Canadian Dollars or Sterling, the lesser of an amount to be agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower at the time such Alternative Currency is established under this Agreement and the remaining Commitments of the applicable Class. 
 Borrowing Multiple means (a) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, 1,000,000, (b) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Canadian Dollars, C 1,000,000, (c) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Sterling, of 1,000,000 and (d) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in any Alternative Currency other than Canadian Dollars or Sterling, an amount to be agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower at the time such Alternative Currency is established under this Agreement. 
 Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03, in substantially the form of Exhibit B or another form which is acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed provided that (i) when used in connection with a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market and , (ii) when used in connection with a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loan (other than Canadian Loans) or in connection with a SONIA Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in such Alternative Currency in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market for such Alternative Currency , (iii) when used in connection with Term SOFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Term SOFR Loans or any other dealings of such Term SOFR Loans, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day that is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and (iv) when used in connection with any Canadian Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which commercial banks in Toronto, Canada are authorized or required by law to remain closed . For purposes of making the Term Loans or issuing any Letters of Credit on the Effective Date, May 1, 2017 shall be considered a Business Day. 
 Business Material Adverse Effect has the meaning assigned to such term in the Acquisition Agreement. 
 Canadian Dollars and C mean the lawful currency of Canada. 
 Canadian Loans means, individually and collectively as the context may require, Loans made in Canadian Dollars. 
 Canadian Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN Index rate that appears on the Bloomberg screen at 10 15 a.m. Toronto time on such day (or, in the event that the PRIMCAN Index is not published by Bloomberg, any other information services that publishes such index 
 12 

from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) and (ii) the average rate for 30 day Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances that appears on the Reuters Screen CDOR Page (or, in the event such rate does not appear on such page or screen, on any successor or substitute page or screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time, as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) at 10 15 a.m. Toronto time on such day. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the PRIMCAN Index or the CDOR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or CDOR Rate, respectively. 
 Capital Expenditures means, for any period, the additions to property, plant and equipment and other capital expenditures of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries that are (or should be) set forth in a consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower for such period prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Capital Lease Obligation means an obligation that is a Capitalized Lease and the amount of Indebtedness represented thereby at any time shall be the amount of the liability in respect thereof that would at that time be required to be capitalized on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Effective Date. 
 Capitalized Leases means all leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Effective Date, recorded as capitalized leases. 
 Capitalized Software Expenditures means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or internally developed software and software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 Cash Management Obligations means (a) obligations in respect of any overdraft and related liabilities arising from treasury, depository, cash pooling arrangements and cash management services or any automated clearing house transfers of funds and (b) other obligations in respect of netting services, employee credit or purchase card programs and similar arrangements. 
 Cash Management Services has the meaning provided in the definition of the term Secured Cash Management Obligations. 
 Casualty Event means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such equipment, fixed assets or real property. 
 CDOR Rate means (i) the rate of interest per annum equal to the rates applicable to Canadian Dollar Canadian bankers acceptances having an identical or comparable term as the applicable Interest Period (or, for the purposes of determining the Canadian Prime Rate as at any date, a term of one month), displayed and identified as such on the display referred to as the CDOR Page (or any display substituted therefor) of the applicable Reuters Screen Page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in each case, the CDOR Page as at or about 10 00 a.m., Toronto time, on the date of commencement of such Interest Period, or (ii) if such rates do not appear on the CDOR Page at such time and on such date, the Administrative Agent may substitute such rate with a reasonably acceptable alternative published interest rate that adequately reflects the all-in-cost of funds to the Administrative Agent for funding such type of credit extension. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the CDOR Rate be less than 
 13 

0.00 (and if such rate would otherwise be less than 0.00 , it shall be deemed to be 0.00 ). 
 Change of Control means (a) the failure of Holdings prior to an IPO, or, after an IPO, the IPO Entity, to own directly or indirectly through wholly-owned Subsidiaries that are Guarantors, all of the Equity Interests in the Borrower, (b) prior to an IPO, the failure by the Permitted Holders to own, directly or indirectly through one or more holding company parents of Holdings, beneficially and of record, Equity Interests in Holdings representing at least a majority of the aggregate ordinary voting power for the election of the Board of Directors of Holdings represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in Holdings, unless the Permitted Holders otherwise have the right (pursuant to contract, proxy or otherwise), directly or indirectly, to designate, nominate or appoint (and do so designate, nominate or appoint) a majority of the Board of Directors of Holdings, (c) after an IPO, the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group, other than the Permitted Holders (directly or indirectly, including through one or more holding companies), of Equity Interests representing 40 or more of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in the IPO Entity and the percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power so held is greater than the percentage of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the Equity Interests in the IPO Entity held by the Permitted Holders, unless the Permitted Holders (directly or indirectly, including through one of more holding companies) otherwise have the right (pursuant to contract, proxy or otherwise), directly or indirectly, to designate, nominate or appoint (and do so designate, nominate or appoint) a majority of the Board of Directors of Holdings or the IPO Entity, or (d) the occurrence of a Change of Control (or similar event, however denominated), as defined in the documentation governing the Second Lien Facility (and any Permitted Refinancing thereof) or any other Material Indebtedness that is Subordinated Indebtedness. For purposes of this definition, (i) beneficial ownership shall be as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act, (ii) the phrase Person or group is within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or group and its subsidiaries and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan, and (iii) if any Person or group includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings, the IPO Entity or the Borrower, as applicable, directly or indirectly owned by the Permitted Holders that are part of such Person or group shall not be treated as being owned by such Person or group for purposes of determining whether clause (c) of this definition is triggered). 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any rule, regulation, treaty or other law after the date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any rule, regulation, treaty or other law or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or b c the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) any requests, rules, guidelines or directives under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 or issued in connection therewith and (ii) any requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank of International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case shall be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of when enacted, adopted, promulgated or issued, but only to the extent such rules, regulations, or published interpretations or directives are applied to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in substantially the same manner as applied to other similarly situated borrowers under comparable syndicated credit facilities, including, without limitation, for purposes of Section 2.13. 
 14 

Citibank means Citibank, N.A., and its successors. 
 Class when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Loans under a specific Facility (including Revolving Loans, Loans under an Incremental Revolving Facility, Other Revolving Loans, Initial Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans and Other Term Loans), (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Commitment under a specific Facility (including Initial Revolving Commitments, Incremental Revolving Commitments, Commitments in respect of an Incremental Revolving Facility, Initial Term Commitments, Incremental Term Commitments or Other Term Commitments) and (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment with respect to a particular Class of Loans or Commitments. 
 Any Revolving Loans or Term Loans that have different terms and conditions from other Revolving Loans or Term Loans, as applicable, shall be construed to be in different Classes. 
 Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement means the Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Second Lien Agent, and acknowledged by the Loan Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit E . 
 CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 
 Co-Documentation Agents means Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Nomura Securities International, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Collateral means any and all assets, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, on which Liens are purported to be granted pursuant to the Security Documents as security for the Secured Obligations. 
 Collateral Agent has the meaning assigned in the Collateral Agreement. 
 Collateral Agreement means the First Lien Collateral Agreement by and among the Loan Parties and the Collateral Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit D . 
 Collateral and Guarantee Requirement means, at any time, the requirement that 
 (a) the Administrative Agent shall have received from (i) Holdings, each Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and each Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) either (x) a counterpart of the Guarantee Agreement duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person or (y) in the case of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the Effective Date (including by ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary), a supplement to the Guarantee Agreement, in the form specified therein, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person and (ii) Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Loan Party either (x) a counterpart of the Collateral Agreement duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person or (y) in the case of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary Loan Party after the Effective Date (including by ceasing to be an Excluded Subsidiary), a supplement to the Collateral Agreement, in the form specified therein, duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Person, in each case under this clause (a) together with, in the case of any such Loan Documents executed and delivered after the Effective Date, documents and, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, opinions and certificates of the type referred to in Section 4.01(b) and 4.01(c)) 
 15 

(b) all outstanding Equity Interests of each Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (other than any Equity Interests constituting Excluded Assets or Equity Interests of Immaterial Subsidiaries) owned by or on behalf of any Loan Party shall have been pledged pursuant to the Collateral Agreement (and the Administrative Agent shall have received certificates or other instruments representing all such Equity Interests (if any), together with undated stock powers or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank) 
 (c) if any Indebtedness for borrowed money of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary in a principal amount of 10,000,000 or more is owing by such obligor to any Loan Party, such Indebtedness shall be evidenced by a promissory note, such promissory note shall have been pledged pursuant to the Collateral Agreement and the Administrative Agent shall have received all such promissory notes, together with undated instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in blank 
 (d) all certificates, agreements, documents and instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, required by the Security Documents, Requirements of Law and reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, delivered, registered or recorded to create the Liens intended to be created by the Security Documents and perfect such Liens to the extent required by, and with the priority required by, the Security Documents and the other provisions of the term Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, shall have been filed, registered or recorded or delivered to the Administrative Agent for filing, registration or recording and 
 (e) the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to each Material Real Property duly executed and delivered by the record owner of such Mortgaged Property, (ii) with respect to each Mortgage, (w) a policy of title insurance (or marked unconditional commitment to issue such policy) in the amount equal to not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Mortgaged Property covered thereby, including fixtures, as reasonably determined by the Borrower and agreed to by the Administrative Agent, issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent insuring the Lien of each such Mortgage as a first priority Lien on the Mortgaged Property described therein, free of any other Liens except as expressly permitted by Section 6.02, together with such endorsements (other than a creditor s rights endorsement), coinsurance and reinsurance as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to the extent available in the applicable jurisdiction at commercially reasonable rates, (x) such affidavits, instruments of indemnification (including a so-called gap indemnification) as are customarily requested by the title company to induce the title company to issue the title policies and endorsements contemplated above, (y) evidence reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent of payment by the Borrower (or evidence that the same will be paid out of Loan proceeds) of all title policy premiums, search and examination charges, escrow charges and related charges, mortgage recording taxes, fees, charges, costs and expenses required for the recording of the Mortgages and issuance of the title policies referred to above, (iii) a survey of such Mortgaged Property in such form as shall be required by the title company to issue the so-called comprehensive and other survey-related endorsements and to remove the standard survey exceptions from the title policies and endorsements contemplated above provided, however , that a survey shall not be required to the extent that the issuer of the applicable title insurance policy 
 16 

provides reasonable and customary survey-related coverages (including, without limitation, survey-related endorsements) in the applicable title insurance policy based on an existing survey and or such other documentation as may be reasonably satisfactory to the title insurer), (iv) a completed life of loan FEMA flood determination and notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance duly executed by the Borrower and each applicable Loan Party, (v) if the improvements located on such Mortgaged Property is located in an area determined by FEMA to have special flood hazards, evidence of such flood insurance as may be required under applicable law, including Regulation H of the Board of Governors and the other Flood Insurance Laws and as required under Section 5.07, and (vi) a customary legal opinion from appropriate counsel practicing in the jurisdiction in which the real property covered by such Mortgage is located. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition or anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, (i) the foregoing provisions of this definition shall not require the creation or perfection of pledges of or security interests in, or the obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to, particular assets of the Loan Parties, or the provision of Guarantees by any Subsidiary, if, and for so long as and to the extent that the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree in writing that the cost of creating or perfecting such pledges or security interests in such assets, or obtaining such title insurance, legal opinions or other deliverables in respect of such assets, or providing such Guarantees (taking into account any material adverse Tax consequences (including the imposition of withholding or other material Taxes)), shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom (or the relevant assets or actions shall be limited in a manner reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in order to reduce such cost), (ii) Liens required to be granted from time to time pursuant to the term Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall be subject to exceptions and limitations set forth in the Security Documents as in effect on the Effective Date, (iii) in no event shall control agreements or other control or similar arrangements be required with respect to deposit accounts, securities accounts, commodities accounts or other assets specifically requiring perfection by control agreements, (iv) no perfection actions shall be required with respect to Vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title, (v) no perfection actions shall be required with respect to commercial tort claims with a value less than 10,000,000 and no perfection shall be required with respect to promissory notes evidencing debt for borrowed money in a principal amount of less than 10,000,000 (other than the filing of UCC financing statements), (vi) no actions in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or required by the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction shall be required to be taken to create any security interests in assets located or titled outside of the United States (including any Equity Interests of Foreign Subsidiaries and any Foreign Intellectual Property) or to perfect or make enforceable any security interests in any such assets, (vii) no actions shall be required to perfect a security interest in letter of credit rights (other than the filing of UCC financing statements), (viii) no delivery of share certificates evidencing Equity Interests in Immaterial Subsidiaries shall be required and (ix) in no event shall the Collateral include any Excluded Assets. The Administrative Agent may grant extensions of time for the creation and perfection of security interests in or the obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to particular assets or the provision of any Guarantee by any Subsidiary (including extensions beyond the Effective Date or in connection with assets acquired, or Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Effective Date) where it determines that 
 17 

such action cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required to be accomplished by this Agreement or the Security Documents. 
 Commercial Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit issued for the purpose of providing the primary payment mechanism in connection with the purchase of any materials, goods or services by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. 
 Commitment means (a) with respect to any Revolving Lender, its Revolving Commitment, Incremental Revolving Commitment, Other Revolving Commitments, or any combination thereof (as the context requires) and (b) with respect to any Term Lender, its Initial Term Commitment, Incremental Term Commitment, Other Term Commitment of any Class or any combination thereof (as the context requires). 
 Commitment Fee Rate means, with respect to all Revolving Commitments, with respect to each fiscal quarter, the applicable rate per annum set forth in the table below, based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio for the Test Period ended as of the most recent Adjustment Date provided that until the first Adjustment Date occurring after the first full fiscal quarter ended after the Effective Date, the Commitment Fee Rate will be the applicable rate per annum set forth below in Category 1 
 First Lien Leverage Ratio 
 Commitment Fee Rate Category 1 
 Greater than 4.00 to 1.00 
 0.500 Category 2 
 Equal to or less than 4.00 to 1.00 but greater than 3.50 to 1.00 
 0.375 Category 3 
 Equal to or less than 3.50 to 1.00 
 0.250 
 
 The Commitment Fee Rate will be adjusted quarterly on a prospective basis on each Adjustment Date based upon the First Lien Leverage Ratio in accordance with the table above provided that (i) if a Specified Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time any reduction in the Commitment Fee Rate would otherwise be implemented, then no such reduction shall be implemented until the date on which such Specified Event of Default shall no longer be continuing, and (ii) if any Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to this Agreement is at any time restated or otherwise revised, or if the information set forth in any such Compliance Certificate otherwise proves to be false or incorrect such that the Commitment Fee Rate would have been higher than was otherwise in effect during any period, without constituting a waiver of any Default or Event of Default arising as a result thereof, commitment fees with respect to Revolving Loans under this Agreement shall be recalculated by the Administrative Agent at such higher rate for any applicable periods and shall be due and payable within 5 Business Days of receipt of such calculation by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent and shall be payable only the Revolving Lenders whose Revolving Commitments were outstanding during such period when the Commitment Fee Rate should have been higher (regardless of whether such Revolving Lenders remain parties to this Agreement at the time such payment is made). 
 18 

Commitment Schedule means Schedule 2.01(a). 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Company Materials has the meaning specified in Section 5.01. 
 Compliance Certificate means each certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(d) in the form of Exhibit G-2 (or such other form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, the Consolidated Net Income for such period, plus 
 (a) without duplication and to the extent already deducted (and not added back) in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period 
 (i) total interest expense and, to the extent not reflected in such total interest expense, any losses on hedging obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk, net of interest income and gains on such hedging obligations or such derivative instruments, and bank and letter of credit fees and costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, together with items excluded from the definition of Consolidated Interest Expense pursuant to clauses (i) through (xi) thereof, 
 (ii) provision for taxes based on income, profits, revenue or capital gains, including federal, foreign and state income, franchise, excise, value added and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes paid or accrued during such period (including in respect of repatriated funds) including penalties and interest related to such taxes or arising from any tax examinations, 
 (iii) depreciation and amortization (including amortization of Capitalized Software Expenditures, internal labor costs and deferred financing fees or costs), 
 (iv) other non-cash charges (other than any accrual in respect of bonuses) provided , in each case, that if any non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated EBITDA to such extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period), 
 (v) the amount of any non-controlling interest consisting of income attributable to non-controlling interests of third parties in any non-wholly-owned Subsidiary deducted (and not added back in such period to Consolidated Net Income) excluding cash distributions in respect thereof, 
 (vi) (A) the amount of management, monitoring, consulting and advisory fees, indemnities and related expenses paid or accrued in such period to (or on behalf of) the Sponsor (including any termination fees payable in connection with the early termination of management and monitoring agreements) to the extent otherwise permitted under Section 6.09(x) and (B) the amount of payments made to option holders of the Borrower or any of its direct or indirect parent companies in connection with, or as a result of, any distribution 
 19 

being made to shareholders of such person or its direct or indirect parent companies, which payments are being made to compensate such option holders as though they were shareholders at the time of, and entitled to share in, such distribution, in each case to the extent permitted in the Loan Documents, 
 (vii) losses or discounts on sales of receivables and related assets in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing, 
 (viii) cash receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash expenditures) not included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted in the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to paragraph (c) below for any previous period and not added back, 
 (ix) any costs or expenses incurred by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, any severance agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such costs or expenses are non-cash or otherwise funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of the Borrower or Net Cash Proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Equity Interests or relating to Equity Interests constituting a Cure Amount), and 
 (x) any net pension or other post-employment benefit costs representing amortization of unrecognized prior service costs, actuarial losses, including amortization of such amounts arising in prior periods, amortization of the unrecognized net obligation (and loss or cost) existing at the date of initial application of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 715, and any other items of a similar nature, 
 plus 
 (b) without duplication, the amount of run rate cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies related to the Transactions or any other Specified Transaction, any restructuring, cost saving initiative or other initiative projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized as a result of actions that have been taken or initiated or are expected to be taken (in the good faith determination of the Borrower), including any cost savings, expenses and charges (including restructuring and integration charges) in connection with, or incurred by or on behalf of, any joint venture of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (whether accounted for on the financial statements of any such joint venture or the Borrower) (i) with respect to the Transactions, on or prior to the date that is 24 months after the Effective Date (including actions initiated prior to the Effective Date) and (ii) with respect to any other Specified Transaction, any restructuring, cost saving initiative or other initiative, within 24 months after such Specified Transaction, restructuring, cost saving initiative or other initiative (which cost savings shall be added to Consolidated EBITDA until fully realized and calculated on a Pro Forma Basis as though such cost savings had been realized on the first day of the relevant period), net of the amount of actual benefits realized from such actions provided that (A) such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable, (B) no cost savings, operating expense reductions or synergies shall be added pursuant to this clause (b) to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges relating to such cost savings, operating expense reductions or synergies that are included in clause (a) above (it being understood and agreed 
 20 

that run rate shall mean the full recurring benefit that is associated with any action taken) and (C) the share of any such cost savings, expenses and charges with respect to a joint venture that are to be allocated to the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall not exceed the total amount thereof for any such joint venture multiplied by the percentage of income of such venture expected to be included in Consolidated EBITDA for the relevant Test Period and 
 minus 
 (c) without duplication and to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of the following amounts for such period 
 (i) non-cash gains (excluding any non-cash gain to the extent it represents the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced Consolidated Net Income or Consolidated EBITDA in any prior period), and 
 (ii) the amount of any non-controlling interest consisting of loss attributable to non-controlling interests of third parties in any non-wholly-owned subsidiary added (and not deducted in such period from Consolidated Net Income), 
 in each case, as determined on a consolidated basis for the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP provided that, 
 (I) there shall be included in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period, without duplication, the Acquired EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during such period (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary) whether such acquisition occurred before or after the Effective Date to the extent not subsequently sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of (but not including the Acquired EBITDA of any related Person, property, business or assets to the extent not so acquired) (each such Person, property, business or asset acquired, including pursuant to the Transactions or pursuant to a transaction consummated prior to the Effective Date, and not subsequently so disposed of, an Acquired Entity or Business ), and the Acquired EBITDA of any Unrestricted Subsidiary that is converted into a Restricted Subsidiary during such period (each, a Converted Restricted Subsidiary ), in each case based on the Acquired EBITDA of such Pro Forma Entity for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such acquisition or conversion) determined on a historical Pro Forma Basis, and 
 (II) there shall be (A) excluded in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period the Disposed EBITDA of any Person, property, business or asset (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary) sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, closed or classified as discontinued operations by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during such period (but if such operations are classified as discontinued due to the fact that they are subject to an agreement to dispose of such operations, only when and to the extent such operations are actually disposed of) (each such Person, property, business or asset so sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, closed or classified, a Sold Entity or Business ), and the Disposed EBITDA of any Restricted Subsidiary that is converted into an 
 21 

Unrestricted Subsidiary during such period (each, a Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary ), in each case based on the Disposed EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business or Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary for such period (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such sale, transfer, disposition, closure, classification or conversion) determined on a historical Pro Forma Basis and (B) included in determining Consolidated EBITDA for any period in which a Sold Entity or Business is disposed, an adjustment equal to the Pro Forma Disposal Adjustment with respect to such Sold Entity or Business (including the portion thereof occurring prior to such disposal) as specified in the Pro Forma Disposal Adjustment certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent (for further delivery to the Lenders). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, for all purposes of this Agreement, Consolidated EBITDA shall be deemed to equal (a) 64,800,000 for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2015, (b) 65,300,000 for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2016, (c) 59,800,000 for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 and (d) 58,400,000 for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, in each case and, without duplication, adjusted to reflect any Pro Forma Adjustment with respect to the Transactions or any relevant Specified Transaction or any restructuring, cost saving initiative or other initiative, in each case, occurring or identified on or after the Effective Date and not otherwise included in the calculation of the foregoing amounts. 
 Consolidated First Lien Debt means the sum, without duplication, of the amount of Consolidated Total Debt (a) under the Loans (including under any Incremental Loan), (b) that is secured by liens on the Collateral on an equal or senior priority basis (but without regard to the control of remedies) with Liens securing the Secured Obligations or (c) that constitutes secured Capital Lease Obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. For the avoidance of doubt, any Indebtedness under the Second Lien Facility shall not constitute Consolidated First Lien Debt and Consolidated First Lien Debt shall be reduced, without duplication, by the amount of cash and Permitted Investments reducing Consolidated Total Debt as of the relevant date of determination. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means the sum of (a) cash interest expense (including that attributable to Capitalized Leases), net of cash interest income, of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing and net costs under hedging agreements plus (b) non-cash interest expense resulting solely from the amortization of original issue discount from the issuance of Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding Indebtedness borrowed hereunder and under the Second Lien Facility in connection with the Transactions) at less than par, plus (c) pay-in-kind interest expense of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) amortization of deferred financing costs, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses and any other amounts of non-cash interest other than referred to in clause (b) above (including as a result of the effects of acquisition method accounting or pushdown accounting), (ii) non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement of the mark-to-market valuation of obligations under hedging agreements or other derivative instruments pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 815-Derivatives and Hedging, (iii) any one-time cash costs associated with breakage in respect of hedging agreements for interest rates, (iv) commissions, discounts, yield, make whole premium and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) incurred in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing, (v) any additional interest owing pursuant to a registration rights agreement 
 22 

with respect to any securities, (vi) any payments with respect to make-whole premiums or other breakage costs of any Indebtedness, including, without limitation, any Indebtedness issued in connection with the Transactions, (vii) penalties and interest relating to taxes, (viii) accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, (ix) interest expense attributable to a direct or indirect parent entity resulting from push-down accounting, (x) any expense resulting from the discounting of Indebtedness in connection with the application of recapitalization or purchase accounting and (xi) any interest expense attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto and with respect to any Permitted Acquisition or similar Investment permitted hereunder, all as calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 For purposes of this definition, interest on a Capitalized Lease shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by the Borrower to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding (and excluding the effect of), without duplication 
 (a) extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gains or losses (less all fees and expenses relating thereto) or expenses (including any unusual or non-recurring operating expenses directly attributable to the implementation of cost savings initiatives and any accruals or reserves in respect of any extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual items), severance, relocation costs, integration and facilities opening costs and other business optimization expenses (including related to new product introductions and other strategic or cost savings initiatives), restructuring charges, accruals or reserves (including restructuring and integration costs related to acquisitions and adjustments to existing reserves), whether or not classified as restructuring expense on the consolidated financial statements, signing costs, retention or completion bonuses, other executive recruiting and retention costs, transition costs, costs related to closure consolidation of facilities and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans (including any settlement of pension liabilities and charges resulting from changes in estimates, valuations and judgments), 
 (b) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such period to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, 
 (c) Transaction Costs, 
 (d) the net income for such period of any Person that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary and any Person that is not a Subsidiary or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting provided that Consolidated Net Income shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments that are actually paid in cash or Permitted Investments (or, if not paid in cash or Permitted Investments, but later converted into cash or Permitted Investments, upon such conversion) by such Person to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof during such period, but excluding any such dividends or distributions funded with the direct or indirect identifiable proceeds of any Investment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any Unrestricted Subsidiary or in any Person that is not a Subsidiary or that is accounted for by the equity method of accounting, 
 23 

(e) any fees and expenses (including any transaction or retention bonus or similar payment) incurred during such period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, Investment, asset disposition, issuance or repayment of debt, issuance of equity securities, refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including any such transaction consummated prior to the Effective Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed) and any charges or non-recurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction, in each case whether or not successful (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the effects of expensing all transaction-related expenses in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 805 and gains or losses associated with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 460), 
 (f) any income (loss) for such period attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, hedging agreements or other derivative instruments, 
 (g) accruals and reserves that are established or adjusted as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP (including any adjustment of estimated payouts on existing earn-outs) or changes as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during such period, 
 (h) all Non-Cash Compensation Expenses, 
 (i) any income (loss) attributable to deferred compensation plans or trusts, 
 (j) any income (loss) from investments recorded using the equity method of accounting (but including any cash dividends or distributions actually received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such investment), 
 (k) any gain (loss) on asset sales, disposals or abandonments (other than asset sales, disposals or abandonments in the ordinary course of business) or income (loss) from discontinued operations (but if such operations are classified as discontinued due to the fact that they are subject to an agreement to dispose of such operations, only when and to the extent such operations are actually disposed of), in each case, together with any related provisions for taxes on any such gain (or the tax effect of any such loss) 
 (l) any non-cash gain (loss) attributable to the mark-to-market movement in the valuation of hedging obligations or other derivative instruments pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification 815 Derivatives and Hedging or mark to market movement of other financial instruments pursuant to FASB Accounting Standards Codification 825 Financial Instruments provided that any cash payments or receipts relating to transactions realized in a given period shall be taken into account in such period, 
 (m) any non-cash gain (loss) related to currency remeasurements of Indebtedness (including the net loss or gain resulting from hedging agreements for currency exchange risk and revaluations of intercompany balances), 
 (n) any non-cash expenses, accruals or reserves related to adjustments to historical tax exposures provided , in each case, that the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Consolidated Net Income for the period in which such cash payment was made), 
 24 

(o) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down (including related to intangible assets (including goodwill), long-lived assets, and investments in debt and equity securities), and 
 (p) solely for the purpose of calculating the Available Amount, the net income for such period of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Guarantor) shall be excluded to the extent the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Restricted Subsidiary of its net income is not at the date of determination wholly permitted without any prior governmental approval (which has not been obtained) or, directly or indirectly, is otherwise restricted by the operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Restricted Subsidiary or its stockholders, unless such restriction with respect to the payment of dividends or similar distributions has been legally waived (or the Borrower reasonably believes such restriction could be waived and is using commercially reasonable efforts to pursue such waiver) provided that Consolidated Net Income of the Borrower will be increased by the amount of dividends or other distributions or other payments actually paid in cash or Permitted Investments (or, if not paid in cash or Permitted Investments, but later converted into cash or Permitted Investments, upon such conversion) to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect of such period, to the extent not already included therein. 
 There shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income for any period the effects from applying acquisition method accounting, including applying acquisition method accounting to inventory, property and equipment, loans and leases, software and other intangible assets and deferred revenue (including deferred costs related thereto and deferred rent) required or permitted by GAAP and related authoritative pronouncements (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries), as a result of the Transactions, any acquisition consummated prior to the Effective Date and any Permitted Acquisitions or other Investment or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof. 
 In addition, to the extent not already included in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated Net Income shall include the amount of proceeds received or, so long as such Person has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer or indemnifying party and only to the extent that such amount is in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of the insurable or indemnifiable event (net of any amount so added back in any prior period to the extent not so reimbursed within the applicable 365-day period), due from business interruption insurance or reimbursement of expenses and charges that are covered by indemnification and other reimbursement provisions in connection with any acquisition or other similar Investment or any disposition of any asset permitted hereunder. 
 Consolidated Secured Debt means Consolidated Total Debt that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral and all secured Capital Lease Obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. For the avoidance of doubt, Consolidated Secured Debt shall be reduced, without duplication, by the amount of cash and Permitted Investments reducing Consolidated Total Debt as of the relevant date of determination. 
 Consolidated Total Assets means, as at any date of determination, the amount that would be set forth opposite the caption total assets (or any like caption) on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP. 
 25 

Consolidated Total Debt means, as of any date of determination (i) the outstanding principal amount of all third party Indebtedness for borrowed money (including purchase money Indebtedness), unreimbursed drawings under letters of credit, Capital Lease Obligations, third party Indebtedness obligations evidenced by notes or similar instruments and, without duplication, Receivables Guarantees, in each case of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on such date, on a consolidated basis and determined in accordance with GAAP (excluding, in any event, the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the application of acquisition method accounting in connection with the Transactions or any Permitted Acquisition or other Investment) minus (ii) the aggregate amount of cash and Permitted Investments on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on such date to the extent the use thereof for the application to the payment of Indebtedness is not prohibited by law or any contract to which the Borrower and any Restricted Subsidiary is a party. It is understood that to the extent the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs any Indebtedness and receives the proceeds of such Indebtedness, for purposes of determining any incurrence test under this Agreement and whether the Borrower is in Pro Forma Compliance with any such test, the proceeds of such incurrence shall not be netted pursuant to clause (ii) of this definition. 
 Consolidated Working Capital means, at any date, the excess of (a) the sum of all amounts (other than cash and Permitted Investments) that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total current assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries at such date, excluding the current portion of current and deferred income taxes over (b) the sum of all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total current liabilities (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on such date, including deferred revenue but excluding, without duplication, (i) the current portion of any Funded Debt, (ii) all Indebtedness consisting of Loans and obligations under letters of credit to the extent otherwise included therein, (iii) the current portion of interest and (iv) the current portion of current and deferred income taxes provided that, for purposes of calculating Excess Cash Flow, increases or decreases in working capital (A) arising from acquisitions or dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall be measured from the date on which such acquisition or disposition occurred until the first anniversary of such acquisition or disposition with respect to the Person subject to such acquisition or disposition and (B) shall exclude (I) the impact of non-cash adjustments contemplated in the Excess Cash Flow calculation, (II) the impact of adjusting items in the definition of Consolidated Net Income and (III) any changes in current assets or current liabilities as a result of (x) the effect of fluctuations in the amount of accrued or contingent obligations, assets or liabilities under hedging agreements or other derivative obligations, (y) any reclassification, other than as a result of the passage of time, in accordance with GAAP of assets or liabilities, as applicable, between current and noncurrent or (z) the effects of acquisition method accounting. 
 Contract Consideration has the meaning given such term in the definition of Excess Cash Flow. 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies, or the dismissal or appointment of the management, of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Converted Restricted Subsidiary has the meaning given such term in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 26 

Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary has the meaning given such term in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness means Indebtedness issued, incurred or otherwise obtained (including by means of the extension or renewal of existing Indebtedness) in exchange for, or to extend, renew, replace or refinance, in whole or part, existing Loans Refinanced Debt provided that such exchanging, extending, renewing, replacing or refinancing Indebtedness (a) is in an original aggregate principal amount not greater than the aggregate principal amount of the Refinanced Debt (plus any premium, accrued interest and fees and expenses incurred in connection with such exchange, extension, renewal, replacement or refinancing), (b) does not (i) mature earlier than or have a Weighted Average Life to Maturity shorter than the Refinanced Debt or (ii) have mandatory redemption features (other than customary asset sale, insurance and condemnation proceeds events, change of control offers or events of default) that could result in redemptions of such Indebtedness prior to the maturity of the Refinanced Debt, (c) shall not be guaranteed by any entity that is not a Loan Party, (d) in the case of any secured Indebtedness (i) is not secured by any assets not securing the Secured Obligations, (ii) is secured on a pari passu or junior basis to the Secured Obligations and (iii) is subject to the relevant Intercreditor Agreement(s) and (e) has terms and conditions (excluding pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, discounts, fees, premiums and prepayment or redemption provisions) that are not materially more favorable (when taken as a whole) to the lenders or investors providing such Indebtedness than the terms and conditions of this Agreement (when taken as a whole) are to the Lenders (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of such refinancing) (it being understood that, to the extent that any financial maintenance covenant is added for the benefit of any such Indebtedness, no consent shall be required by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders if such financial maintenance covenant is either (i) also added for the benefit of any corresponding Loans remaining outstanding after the issuance or incurrence of such Indebtedness or (ii) only applicable after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of such refinancing) provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such resulting Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement, shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a reasonable description of the basis upon which it disagrees). 
 Cure Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.03(a). 
 Cure Expiration Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.03(a). 
 Cure Right has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.03(a). 
 Daily Simple SONIA means, for any day (a SONIA Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to, the greater of (i) SONIA for the day (such day i that is five Business Days prior to (A) if such SONIA Rate Day is a Business Day, such SONIA Rate Day or (B) if such SONIA Rate Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Rate Day, in each case, as such SONIA is published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrator s Website , and (ii) the Floor . If by 5 00 pm (London time) on the second (2nd) Business Day immediately following any day i , 
 27 

SONIA in respect of such day i has not been published on the SONIA Administrator s Website, then the SONIA for such day i will be SONIA as published in respect of the first preceding Business Day for which SONIA was published on the SONIA Administrator s Website provided that SONIA as determined pursuant to this sentence shall be utilized for purposes of calculation of Daily Simple SONIA for no more than three (3) consecutive SONIA Rate Days. Any change in Daily Simple SONIA due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SONIA without notice to the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall Daily Simple SONIA be less than 0.00 (and if such rate would otherwise be less than 0.00 , it shall be deemed to be 0.00 ). 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day, a SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that has (a) failed to fund (i) any portion of its Term Loans within one Business Day of the date on which such funding is required hereunder or (ii) any portion of its Revolving Loans or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans within two Business Days of the date on which such funding is required hereunder, (b) notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Swingline Lender or any Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement or provided any written notification to any Person to the effect that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent (whether acting on its own behalf or at the reasonable request of the Borrower (it being understood that the Administrative Agent shall comply with any such reasonable request)), to confirm that it will comply with the terms of this Agreement relating to its obligations to fund prospective Loans or participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans, (d) otherwise failed to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute or subsequently cured, or (e)(i) become or is insolvent or has a parent company that has become or is insolvent, (ii) become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or any action or proceeding of the type described in Section 7.01(h) or (i), or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian, appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or has a parent company that has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or custodian appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment or (iii) has become the subject of a Bail-In Action. 
 28 

Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the Fair Market Value of non-cash consideration received by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or a Subsidiary in connection with a Disposition pursuant to Section 6.05(k) that is designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, setting forth the basis of such valuation (which amount will be reduced by the Fair Market Value of the portion of the non-cash consideration converted to cash within 180 days following the consummation of the applicable Disposition). 
 Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(B)(2). 
 Discount Range has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C)(1). 
 Discount Range Prepayment Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 2.09(a)(ii)(C)(1). 
 Discount Range Prepayment Notice means a written notice of a Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers made pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C) substantially in the form of Exhibit K . 
 Discount Range Prepayment Offer means the irrevocable written offer by a Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit L , submitted in response to an invitation to submit offers following the Auction Agent s receipt of a Discount Range Prepayment Notice. 
 Discount Range Prepayment Response Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C)(1). 
 Discount Range Proration has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C)(3). 
 Discounted Loan Prepayment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(A). 
 Discounted Prepayment Determination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(3). 
 Discounted Prepayment Effective Date means, in the case of a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment or Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offer, five Business Days following the receipt by each relevant Lender of notice from the Auction Agent in accordance with Section 2.09(a)(ii)(B), Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C) or Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D), as applicable, unless a shorter period is agreed to between the Borrower and the Auction Agent. 
 Disposed EBITDA means, with respect to any Sold Entity or Business or Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary for any period, the amount for such period of Consolidated EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business or Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary (determined as if references to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the definition of the term Consolidated EBITDA (and in the component financial definitions used therein) were references to such Sold Entity or Business and its subsidiaries or to such Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary and its subsidiaries), all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Sold Entity or Business or Converted Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Disposition has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.05. 
 Disposition Percentage means, with respect to any prepayment required by Section 2.09(b) as a result of any transaction under clause (a) of the definition of Prepayment Event , if the First Lien Leverage Ratio for the applicable Test Period is (a) greater than 
 29 

4.00 to 1.00, 100 of the Net Proceeds from such Prepayment Event, (b) less than or equal to 4.00 to 1.00 and greater than 3.50 to 1.00, 50 of the Net Proceeds from such Prepayment Event, and (c) less than or equal to 3.50 to 1.00, 0 of the Net Proceeds from such Prepayment Event. 
 Disqualified Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest in such Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof), or upon the happening of any event or condition 
 (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests), whether pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise 
 (b) is convertible or exchangeable, either mandatorily or at the option of the holder thereof, for Indebtedness or Equity Interests (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests) or 
 (c) is redeemable (other than solely for Equity Interests in such Person that do not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests and cash in lieu of fractional shares of such Equity Interests) or is required to be repurchased by such Person or any of its Affiliates, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder thereof 
 in each case, on or prior to the date 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date provided, however , that (i) an Equity Interest in any Person that would not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest but for terms thereof giving holders thereof the right to require such Person to redeem or purchase such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of an asset sale, a change of control or similar event shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest if any such requirement becomes operative only after repayment in full of all the Loans and all other Loan Document Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments and the termination of all outstanding Letters of Credit (other than Letters of Credit that have been cash collateralized on terms set forth in Section 2.24(j) or back-stopped following the termination of the Commitments in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Banks) and (ii) if an Equity Interest in any Person is issued pursuant to any plan for the benefit of employees of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof), any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interest shall not constitute a Disqualified Equity Interest solely because it may be required to be repurchased by Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof), the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations of such Person. 
 Disqualified Lenders means (a) those Persons identified by a Sponsor or Holdings to the Joint Bookrunners in writing prior to November 3, 2016 (or, if identified in writing after such date but prior to the date hereof, with the consent of Joint Bookrunners holding at least a majority of the financing commitments as of November 3, 2016), (b) those Persons who are competitors of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries identified by a Sponsor or Holdings to the Administrative Agent from time to time in writing (including by email) and (c) in the case of each Persons identified pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above, any of their Affiliates that are either (i) identified in writing by Holdings or a Sponsor from time to time or (ii) clearly identifiable as Affiliates on the basis of such Affiliate s name (other than, in the case of this clause (c), Affiliates that are bona fide debt funds) provided , that no designation of any Person as a Disqualified Lender shall retroactively disqualify any assignments or participations made to, or information provided to, such Person before it was designated as a Disqualified Lender, and such Person shall not be 
 30 

deemed to be a Disqualified Lender in respect of any assignments or participations made to such Person prior to the date of such designation. 
 Dollar Amount means, at any time 
 (a) with respect to any Loan denominated in Dollars (including, with respect to any Swingline Loan, any funded participation therein), the principal amount thereof then outstanding (or in which such participation is held) 
 (b) with respect to any Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, the principal amount thereof then outstanding in the relevant Alternative Currency, converted to Dollars in accordance with Section 1.06 and Section 2.25 and 
 (c) with respect to any Letter of Credit or LC Exposure (or any risk participation therein), (i) if denominated in Dollars, the amount thereof and (ii) if denominated in an Alternative Currency, the amount thereof converted to Dollars in accordance with Section 1.06 and Section 2.25. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Foreign Subsidiary. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 ECF Percentage means, with respect to the prepayment required by Section 2.09(c) with respect to any fiscal year of the Borrower, if the First Lien Leverage Ratio (prior to giving effect to the applicable prepayment pursuant to Section 2.09(c), but after giving effect to any voluntary prepayments made pursuant to Section 2.09(a) prior to the date of such prepayment) as of the end of such fiscal year is (a) greater than 4.00 to 1.00, 50 of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year, (b) less than or equal to 4.00 to 1.00 but greater than 3.50 to 1.00, 25 of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year and (c) less than or equal to 3.50 to 1.00, 0 of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year. 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 
 Effective Yield means, as to any Indebtedness as of any date of determination, (a) in the case of any fixed-rate Indebtedness, the stated rate of interest thereof and (b) in the case of any floating-rate indebtedness, the sum of (a) the higher of (i) the LIBO Rate on such date with a maturity of one month and (ii) the LIBOR floor , if any, with respect to such Indebtedness on such date, plus (b) the interest rate margin applicable to such Indebtedness as of such date (determined by reference to the LIBO Rate), plus , in each case, the amount of OID and upfront fees paid with respect to such Indebtedness (with OID or upfront fees being equated to interest based on an assumed four-year life to maturity and without any present-value discount). 
 31 

Eligible Assignee means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund and (d) any other Person, other than, in each case, (i) a natural person, (ii) a Defaulting Lender, (iii) a Disqualified Lender to the extent a list of Disqualified Lenders has been made available to all Lenders or (iv) solely in the case of the Revolving Facility, the Borrower or any of its Affiliates. 
 EMU Legislation means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European currency. 
 Environmental Laws means applicable common law and all applicable treaties, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, judgments, orders, decrees and other applicable Requirements of Law, and all applicable injunctions or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental Authority, in each instance relating to the protection of the environment, including with respect to the preservation or reclamation of natural resources or the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material, or to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials, the protection of human health or safety. 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, obligation, loss, claim, action, order or cost, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of medical monitoring, costs of environmental remediation or restoration, administrative oversight costs, consultants fees, fines, penalties and indemnities), of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law or permit, license or approval issued thereunder, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Financing means the cash equity contributions by the Sponsor and other equity investors identified in writing to the Lead Arrangers prior to the date hereof, directly or indirectly, to Initial Holdings, the Net Proceeds of which are further contributed as common Equity Interests, directly or indirectly, to Borrower, in an aggregate amount equal to, when combined with the fair value of any Equity Interests issued by the Target rolled over or invested in connection with the Transactions, at least 35 of the sum of (a) the aggregate gross proceeds of the Initial Term Loans and the term loans borrowed under the Second Lien Facility on the Effective Date (in each case, excluding any gross proceeds used to finance additional original issue discount or upfront fees imposed in connection with market flex provisions of the Fee Letter, (b) the aggregate amount of Capital Lease Obligations of the Acquired Business outstanding as of the Effective Date and (c) the total equity capitalization of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on the Effective Date after giving effect to the Transactions provided that the Sponsor shall own, directly or indirectly through one or more holding company parents of Holdings, beneficially and of record, Equity Interests in Holdings representing at least a majority of the aggregate ordinary voting power for the election of the Board of Directors of Holdings on the Effective Date after giving effect to the Transactions. 
 Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with any Loan Party, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or 
 32 

414(c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived) (b) any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Section 412 or Section 430 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan, whether or not waived (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan (d) a determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at-risk status (as defined in Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA or Section 430(i)(4) of the Code) (e) the incurrence by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (f) the receipt by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan (g) the incurrence by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan (including any liability under Section 4062(e) of ERISA) or Multiemployer Plan or (h) the receipt by a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA or in endangered or critical status , within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 euro means the single currency of the European Union as constituted by the Treaty on European Union and as referred to in the EMU Legislation. 
 Eurocurrency when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, whether denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency (other than Sterling) , refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01. 
 Excess Cash Flow means, for any period, an amount equal to the excess of 
 (a) sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) Consolidated Net Income for such period, 
 (ii) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash charges to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income provided , in each case, that if any non-cash charge represents an accrual or reserve for cash items in any future period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Excess Cash Flow in such future period), 
 (iii) decreases in Consolidated Working Capital, long-term receivables and long-term prepaid assets and increases in long-term deferred revenue for such period, 
 (iv) an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash loss on dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (other than 
 33 

dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent deducted in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, and 
 (v) extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gains 
 over 
 (b) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash credits included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income (including any amounts included in Consolidated Net Income pursuant to the next to last sentence of the definition of Consolidated Net Income to the extent such amounts are due but not received during such period) and cash charges included in clauses (a) through (p) of the definition of Consolidated Net Income (other than cash charges in respect of Transaction Costs paid on or about the Effective Date to the extent financed with the proceeds of Indebtedness incurred on the Effective Date or an equity investment on the Effective Date), 
 (ii) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (x) below in prior fiscal years, the amount of Capital Expenditures made in cash or accrued during such period, to the extent that such Capital Expenditures were financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, 
 (iii) (x) the aggregate amount of all principal payments of Indebtedness, including (A) the principal component of payments in respect of Capitalized Leases and (B) the amount of any mandatory prepayment of Loans to the extent required due to a Disposition that resulted in an increase to Consolidated Net Income and not in excess of the amount of such increase but excluding (x) all other prepayments of Loans and (y) all prepayments of revolving loans and swingline loans made during such period (other than in respect of any revolving credit facility to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder), except to the extent financed with the proceeds of other third-party Indebtedness of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries and (y) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually paid in cash by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that are required to be made in connection with any prepayment of Indebtedness, 
 (iv) an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash gain on Dispositions by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (other than Dispositions in the ordinary course of business) to the extent included in arriving at such Consolidated Net Income, 
 (v) increases in Consolidated Working Capital and long-term receivables, long-term prepaid assets and decreases in long-term deferred revenue for such period, 
 (vi) cash payments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of long-term liabilities of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries other than Indebtedness to the extent such payments are not expensed during such period or are not deducted in calculating Consolidated 
 34 

Net Income, except to the extent financed with the proceeds of long-term third-party Indebtedness of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, 
 (vii) without duplication of amounts deducted pursuant to clause (x) below in prior fiscal years, the amount of Investments (other than Investments in Permitted Investments) and acquisitions not prohibited by this Agreement, except to the extent that such Investments and acquisitions were financed with the proceeds of long-term third-party Indebtedness of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, 
 (viii) the amount of dividends and distributions paid in cash during such period not prohibited by this Agreement, to the extent that such dividends and distributions were financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, 
 (ix) the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in cash during such period (including expenditures for the payment of financing fees) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed during such period or are not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, to the extent that such expenditure was financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, 
 (x) without duplication of amounts deducted from Excess Cash Flow in prior periods, (1) the aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to binding contracts, commitments, letters of intent or purchase orders (the Contract Consideration ), in each case, entered into prior to or during such period and (2) to the extent set forth in a certificate of a Financial Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at or before the time the Compliance Certificate for the period ending simultaneously with such Test Period is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b), the aggregate amount of cash that is reasonably expected to be paid in respect of planned cash expenditures by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (the Planned Expenditures ), in the case of each of clauses (1) and (2), relating to Permitted Acquisitions, other Investments (other than Investments in Permitted Investments) or Capital Expenditures (including Capitalized Software Expenditures or other purchases of intellectual property) to be consummated or made during a subsequent Test Period (and in the case of Planned Expenditures, the subsequent Test Period) provided , that to the extent the aggregate amount of internally generated cash actually utilized to finance such Permitted Acquisitions, Investments or Capital Expenditures during such subsequent Test Period is less than the Contract Consideration and Planned Expenditures, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such subsequent Test Period, 
 (xi) the amount of taxes (including penalties and interest) paid in cash and or tax reserves set aside or payable (without duplication) in such period to the extent they exceed the amount of tax expense deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period, and 
 (xii) extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual losses. 
 Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 
 35 

Excluded Assets means (a) Intentionally Omitted , (b) any interest in real property (other than Material Real Property), (c) any governmental licenses or state or local franchises, charters or authorizations, to the extent a security interest in any such license, franchise, charter or authorization would be prohibited or restricted thereby (including any legally effective prohibition or restriction, but excluding any prohibition or restriction that is ineffective under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction), (d) any asset if, to the extent that and for so long as the grant of a Lien thereon to secure the Secured Obligations is prohibited by any Requirements of Law (other than to the extent that any such prohibition would be rendered ineffective pursuant to any other applicable Requirements of Law) or would require consent or approval of any Governmental Authority (including any legally effective requirement to obtain the consent of any governmental authority), but excluding any prohibition or restriction that is ineffective under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction, (e) margin stock, (f) to the extent prohibited by, or creating an enforceable right of termination in favor of any other party thereto under (other than any Loan Party) the terms of any applicable Organizational Documents, joint venture agreement or shareholders agreement, Equity Interests in any Person other than wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiaries, (g) assets to the extent a security interest in such assets would result in material adverse tax consequences to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their Affiliates as reasonably determined by the Borrower in consultation with the Administrative Agent, (h) any intent-to-use trademark application prior to the filing of a Statement of Use or Amendment to Allege Use with respect thereto, to the extent (if any) that, and solely during the period (if any) in which, the grant of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application under applicable federal law, (i) any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject thereto (including pursuant to a purchase money security interest or similar arrangement) to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or purchase money arrangement or create a breach, default or right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than any Loan Party) after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction or other similar applicable law, other than proceeds and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the Uniform Commercial Code of any applicable jurisdiction or other similar applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition, (j) any of the voting Equity Interests in excess of 65 of the voting Equity Interests of (A) any Foreign Subsidiary or (B) any FSHCO, (k) receivables and related assets (or interests therein) (A) sold to any Receivables Subsidiary or (B) otherwise pledged, factored, transferred or sold in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing, (l) commercial tort claims with a value of less than 10,000,000 and letter-of-credit rights with a value of less than 10,000,000 (except to the extent a security interest therein can be perfected by a UCC filing), (m) Vehicles and other assets subject to certificates of title, (n) any aircraft, airframes, aircraft engines or helicopters, or any Equipment or other assets constituting a part thereof, (o) any and all assets and personal property owned by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and (p) any other asset to the extent the Administrative Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the cost of obtaining a security interest in such asset or perfection thereof is excessive in relation to the benefit to the Lenders of the security to be afforded thereby (the relevant assets shall be limited in a manner reasonably agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in order to reduce such cost). 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Borrower, (b) each Subsidiary listed on Schedule 1.01(a) , (c) each Unrestricted Subsidiary, (d) each Immaterial Subsidiary, (e) any Subsidiary that is prohibited by (i) applicable Requirements of Law or (ii) any contractual obligation existing on the Effective Date or on the date any such Subsidiary is acquired (so long in respect of any 
 36 

such contractual prohibition such prohibition is not incurred in contemplation of such acquisition), in each case from guaranteeing the Secured Obligations (but only for so long as such restriction is continuing) or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a Guarantee, or for which the provision of a Guarantee would result in a material adverse tax consequence (including as a result of the operation of Section 956 of the Code or any similar law or regulation in any applicable jurisdiction) to the Borrower, its Subsidiaries or their Affiliates (as reasonably determined by the Borrower), (f) any Foreign Subsidiary, (g) any FSHCO, (h) any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of a direct or indirect Foreign Subsidiary or FSHCO, (i) any other Subsidiary excused from becoming a Loan Party pursuant to clause (f)(i) of the definition of the term Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, (j) each Receivables Subsidiary, (k) any not-for-profit Subsidiaries, captive insurance companies or other special purpose subsidiaries designated by the Borrower from time to time and (l) any Subsidiary established for the purpose of consummating a Permitted Acquisition or other acquisition permitted hereunder to the extent that such Subsidiary does not hold material assets during such period. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, (a) any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, as applicable, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act (determined after giving effect to any applicable keep well, support, or other agreement for the benefit of such Guarantor and any and all Guarantees of such Guarantor s Swap Obligations by other Loan Parties) at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor, or a grant by such Guarantor of a security interest, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or (b) any other Swap Obligation designated as an Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor as specified in any agreement between the relevant Loan Parties and counterparty applicable to such Swap Obligations. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement governing more than one Swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition. 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (a) Taxes imposed on (or measured by) net income or profits (however denominated), branch profits Taxes, and franchise Taxes, in each case imposed by (i) a jurisdiction as a result of such recipient being organized or having its principal office located in or, in the case of any Lender, having its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) any jurisdiction as a result of a present or former connection between such recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than a connection arising solely from such recipient having executed, delivered, or become a party to, performed its obligations or received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, sold or assigned an interest in, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan or Loan Document), (b) any withholding Tax that is attributable to a Lender s failure to comply with Section 2.15(e), (c) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed due to a Requirement of Law in effect at the time (i) a Lender becomes a party hereto (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.17) or (ii) a Lender designates a new lending office, except in each case to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior to the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive 
 37 

additional amounts with respect to such withholding Tax under Section 2.15(a) and (d) any Tax imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
 Facility means each Revolving Facility, the facility comprised of the Initial Term Loans, each facility created in connection with an Incremental Facility Amendment comprised of Incremental Term Loans (if any), and each facility created in connection with a Refinancing Amendment comprised of Other Term Commitments and or Other Loans (if any). 
 Fair Market Value means with respect to any asset or group of assets on any date of determination, the value of the consideration obtainable in a sale of such asset at such date of determination assuming a sale by a willing seller to a willing purchaser dealing at arm s length and arranged in an orderly manner over a reasonable period of time having regard to the nature and characteristics of such asset. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, such value shall be determined in good faith by the Borrower. 
 Fair Value means the amount at which the assets (both tangible and intangible), in their entirety, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole would change hands between a willing buyer and a willing seller, within a commercially reasonable period of time, each having reasonable knowledge of the relevant facts, with neither being under any compulsion to act. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as in effect on the date hereof (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official administrative interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any law, regulation, rule, promulgation or official agreement implementing an official governmental agreement or intergovernmental agreement with respect to the foregoing. 
 FCPA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.18(b). 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1 100 of 1 charged to Citibank on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 FEMA means the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
 FILO Tranche has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(e). 
 Financial Covenant Cross Default has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(d). 
 Financial Covenant Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(d). 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower. 
 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement means an Intercreditor Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit F , among the Collateral Agent and the Senior Representatives for one or more classes of obligations to be secured pari passu relative to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations, with such modifications thereto as the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall reasonably agree. 
 38 

First Lien Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated First Lien Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period as of such date. 
 Foreign Intellectual Property means any right, title or interest in or to any copyrights, copyright licenses, patents, patent applications, patent licenses, trade secrets, trade secret licenses, trademarks, service marks, trademark and service mark applications, trade names, trade dress, trademark licenses, technology, know-how and processes or any other intellectual property governed by or arising or existing under, pursuant to or by virtue of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States of America or any state thereof. 
 Foreign Pension Plan shall mean any employee benefit plan sponsored, maintained or contributed to by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Foreign Subsidiaries that, under Requirements of Law (other than the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof) is required to be funded through a trust or other funding vehicle, other than a trust or other funding vehicle maintained exclusively by a Governmental Authority. 
 Foreign Plan Event shall mean, (i) the receipt of notice of intent by a Governmental Authority to terminate or to appoint a trustee or similar official to administer a Foreign Pension Plan or alleging the insolvency of a Foreign Pension Plan, (ii) the incurrence of liability by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Foreign Subsidiaries under applicable law on account of the complete or partial termination of a Foreign Pension Plan, (iii) the occurrence of any transaction with respect a Foreign Pension Plan that is prohibited under any applicable law or (iv) the imposition on any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Foreign Subsidiaries of any fine, excise tax or penalty resulting from any noncompliance with any law applicable to a Foreign Pension Plan. 
 Foreign Prepayment Event has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(f). Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 FSHCO means any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary of Holdings (other than the Borrower) that has no material assets other than Equity Interests (or Equity Interests and Indebtedness) in one or more Foreign Subsidiaries or other FSHCOs. 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 Funded Debt means all Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for borrowed money that matures more than one year from the date of its creation or matures within one year from such date that is renewable or extendable, at the option of the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, to a date more than one year from such date or arises under a revolving credit or similar agreement that obligates the lender or lenders to extend credit during a period of more than one year from such date, including Indebtedness in respect of the Loans. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time provided, however , that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Effective Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such 
 39 

provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, (a) all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under FASB Accounting Standards Codification 825-Financial Instruments, or any successor thereto (including pursuant to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification), to value any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any subsidiary at fair value, as defined therein and (b) the amount of any Indebtedness under GAAP with respect to Capital Lease Obligations shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Capital Lease Obligations. 
 Governmental Approvals means all authorizations, consents, approvals, permits, licenses and exemptions of, registrations and filings with, and reports to, Governmental Authorities. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Granting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e). Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Effective Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined in good faith by a Financial Officer. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Guarantee Agreement means the First Lien Guarantee Agreement by and among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 Guarantee Termination means the irrevocable release and termination of all guarantees by any Person that is included in the Acquired Business with respect to any credit facility, term loan, bond, debenture or other indebtedness for money borrowed of the Seller and its Subsidiaries (other than the Acquired Business) owing to a third person. 
 Guarantors means, collectively, (i) with respect to the Secured Obligations of the Borrower, each of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents and the Subsidiary Loan Parties and (ii) with respect to the Secured Obligations of any of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents and the Subsidiary Loan Parties, the Borrower. 
 40 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive, radioactive, hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum by-products or distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated as hazardous or toxic, or any other term of similar import, pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Holdings means (a) prior to any IPO, Initial Holdings and (b) on and after an IPO, (i) if the IPO Entity is Initial Holdings or any Person of which Initial Holdings is a subsidiary, Initial Holdings or (ii) if the IPO Entity is a subsidiary of Initial Holdings that is an Intermediate Parent, the IPO Entity. 
 Identified Participating Lenders has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C)(3). 
 Identified Qualifying Lenders has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(3). IFRS means international accounting standards as promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Material Subsidiary. Immediate Family Members means with respect to any individual, such individual s child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, qualified domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and daughter-in-law (including adoptive relationships) and any trust, partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals or any private foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor. 
 Impacted Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.12(a)(ii). 
 Incremental Cap means, as of any date of determination 
 (a) the sum of (i) the greater of (A) 250,000,000 and (B) an amount equal to 100 of Consolidated EBITDA on a Pro Forma Basis for the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower for which internal financial statements are available as of such date of determination, minus (ii) without duplication, the sum of the amount of all (x) Incremental Facilities, (y) Incremental Equivalent Debt and (z) Incremental Facilities (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement), in each case, that were incurred at or prior to such date of determination in reliance on the foregoing clause (i) plus 
 (b) (i) the principal amount of all voluntary prepayments of the Loans (and, in the case of Revolving Loans, which prepayments are accompanied by permanent reductions of the Revolving Commitments) pursuant to Section 2.09(a) made prior to such date other than to the extent made with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness minus (ii) the amount of all Incremental Facilities (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement) incurred in reliance on clause (b)(ii) of the definition of Incremental Cap in the Second Lien Credit Agreement plus 
 (c) the maximum aggregate principal amount that can be incurred without causing the First Lien Leverage Ratio, after giving effect to the incurrence of any Incremental Loans, Incremental Facilities (as defined in the Second Lien Credit Agreement) or other Incremental Equivalent Debt (which shall assume that all such Indebtedness is Consolidated First Lien Debt) and the use of proceeds thereof, on a Pro Forma Basis (but without netting the proceeds thereof and without giving effect to any simultaneous incurrence of any Incremental Facility or Incremental 
 41 

Equivalent Debt made pursuant to the foregoing clause (a) or (b)), to exceed 4.50 to 1.00 for the most recent Test Period then ended. 
 Incremental Equivalent Debt means Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(xxiii) or Section 6.01(a)(xxiv). 
 Incremental Facility means each and any Incremental Revolving Facility and Incremental Term Facility. 
 Incremental Facility Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(c)(ii). 
 Incremental Revolving Commitment means a commitment in respect of an Incremental Revolving Facility. 
 Incremental Revolving Facility has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a), together with any Incremental Revolving Increase thereof, and the extensions of credit thereunder. 
 Incremental Revolving Increase has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a). 
 Incremental Term Commitment means a commitment in respect of Incremental Term Loans. 
 Incremental Term Facility means each and any facility comprised of Incremental Term Commitments and related Incremental Term Loans created pursuant to an Incremental Facility Amendment, together with any refinancing thereof. 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a). 
 Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (d) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property or services (excluding trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and any earn-out obligation until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and if not paid within 60 days after being due and payable), (e) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (f) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), (g) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (h) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances provided that the term Indebtedness shall not include (i) deferred or prepaid revenue, (ii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the seller, (iii) any obligations attributable to the exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto, (iv) Indebtedness of any Parent Entity appearing on the balance sheet of the Borrower solely by reason of push down accounting under GAAP, (v) accrued expenses and royalties and (vi) asset retirement obligations and obligations in respect of reclamation and workers compensation (including pensions and retiree medical care) that are not overdue by more than 60 days. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in 
 42 

which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. The amount of Indebtedness of any Person for purposes of clause (e) above shall (unless such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person) be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (A) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (B) the Fair Market Value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such Person in good faith. For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall exclude intercompany liabilities arising from their cash management, tax, and accounting operations and intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business. 
 Indemnified Taxes means all Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). 
 Individual LC Sublimit has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of LC Sublimit. 
 Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12(a). 
 Information Memorandum means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated February 2017 relating to the Loan Parties and the Initial Term Facility. 
 Initial Holdings has the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble hereto. 
 Initial Revolving Commitments means the Revolving Commitments of the Revolving Lenders as of the Effective Date. The aggregate amount of the Initial Revolving Commitments on the Effective Date is 150,000,000. 
 Initial Revolving Facility means the Initial Revolving Commitments and any Incremental Revolving Increase with respect thereto, and the extensions of credit made thereunder. 
 Initial Term Commitment means, with respect to each Term Lender, the commitment of such Term Lender to make an Initial Term Loan hereunder on the Effective Date, expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Initial Term Loan to be made by such Term Lender hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06 and (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Term Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. The initial amount of each Term Lender s Initial Term Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01(b) or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Term Lender shall have assumed its Initial Term Commitment, as the case may be. As of the Effective Date, the total Initial Term Commitment is 815,000,000. 
 Initial Term Facility means the facility comprised of the Initial Term Commitments and the Initial Term Loans, together with any refinancing thereof. 
 Initial Term Loans means Loans made pursuant to Section 2.01(b). 
 Initial Term Maturity Date means the date that is seven (7) years after the Effective Date. 
 Insignificant Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Target other than any such subsidiary that is a significant subsidiary of the Target within the meaning of Rule 405 
 43 

of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in each case determined as of the date of the most recent financial statements of the Target delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(h). 
 Intellectual Property has the meaning assigned to such term in the Collateral Agreement. 
 Intercompany Termination means the termination of all intercompany loans between the Acquired Business (or any Person included therein), on the one hand, and the Seller or its Subsidiaries (other than the Acquired Business), on the other hand. 
 Intercreditor Agreements means the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement, any First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any other intercreditor agreement contemplated by this Agreement. 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest Expense, in each case for the Test Period as of such date. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05. 
 Interest Payment Date means, subject to Section 2.10(c), (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last day of each calendar month of March, June, September and December, (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan, Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and (c) as to any SONIA Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such SONIA Loan provided that, as to any such SONIA Loan, (i) if any such date would be a day other than a Business Day, such date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such date shall be the next preceding Business Day and (ii) the Interest Payment Date with respect to any Borrowing that occurs on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the applicable calendar month) shall be the last Business Day of the succeeding applicable calendar month provided, that for purposes of this clause (c), the date of a Borrowing of a SONIA Loan initially shall be the date on which such Loan is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Loan or Borrowing. 
 Interest Period means, (x) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, two, three or six months thereafter (or, if agreed to by each Lender participating therein, twelve months or such other period less than twelve months or such other period less than one month, in each case as the Borrower may elect) and (y) with respect to any Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (or, if agreed to by each Lender participating therein, twelve months) , provided that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall 
 44 

end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (c) that in the event the Borrower elects an Interest Period of less than one month, the interest rate in respect of the applicable Eurocurrency Borrowing , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing shall be determined through the use of straight-line interpolation by reference to two such rates, one of which shall be determined as if the length of the period of such deposits were the period of time for which the rate for such deposits are available is the period next shorter than the length of such Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the period of time for which the rate for such deposits are available is the period next longer than the length of such Interest Period. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Interim Financial Statements means the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Acquired Business as at the end of, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and parent net investment of the Acquired Business for, the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 
 Intermediate Parent means any subsidiary of Holdings of which the Borrower is a subsidiary. 
 Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or Indebtedness or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other Indebtedness or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person (excluding, in the case of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, intercompany loans, advances, or Indebtedness having a term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any rollover or extensions of terms) and made in the ordinary course of business) or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such Person. The amount, as of any date of determination, of (i) any Investment in the form of a loan or an advance shall be the principal amount thereof outstanding on such date, minus any cash payments actually received by such investor representing interest in respect of such Investment (to the extent any such payment to be deducted does not exceed the remaining principal amount of such Investment and without duplication of amounts increasing the Available Amount or the Available Equity Amount), but without any adjustment for write-downs or write-offs (including as a result of forgiveness of any portion thereof) with respect to such loan or advance after the date thereof, (ii) any Investment in the form of a Guarantee shall be equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof, as determined in good faith by a Financial Officer, (iii) any Investment in the form of a transfer of Equity Interests or other non-cash property by the investor to the investee, including any such transfer in the form of a capital contribution, shall be the Fair Market Value of such Equity Interests or other property as of the time of the transfer, minus any payments actually received by such investor representing a return of capital of, or dividends or other distributions in respect of, such Investment (to the extent such payments do not exceed, in the aggregate, the original amount of such Investment and without duplication of amounts increasing the Available Amount or the Available Equity Amount), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write-downs or write- offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment, and (iv) any Investment (other than any Investment referred to in clause 
 45 

(i), (ii) or (iii) above) by the specified Person in the form of a purchase or other acquisition for value of any Equity Interests, evidences of Indebtedness or other securities of any other Person shall be the original cost of such Investment (including any Indebtedness assumed in connection therewith), plus (A) the cost of all additions thereto and minus (B) the amount of any portion of such Investment that has been repaid to the investor in cash as a repayment of principal or a return of capital, and of any cash payments actually received by such investor representing interest, dividends or other distributions in respect of such Investment (to the extent the amounts referred to in clause (B) do not, in the aggregate, exceed the original cost of such Investment plus the costs of additions thereto and without duplication of amounts increasing the Available Amount or the Available Equity Amount), but without any other adjustment for increases or decreases in value of, or write-ups, write- downs or write-offs with respect to, such Investment after the date of such Investment. For purposes of Section 6.04, if an Investment involves the acquisition of more than one Person, the amount of such Investment shall be allocated among the acquired Persons in accordance with GAAP provided that pending the final determination of the amounts to be so allocated in accordance with GAAP, such allocation shall be as reasonably determined by a Financial Officer. 
 Investor means a holder of Equity Interests in Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) on the Effective Date. 
 IPO means the initial underwritten public offering (other than a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8) of common Equity Interests in the IPO Entity. 
 IPO Entity means, at any time at and after an IPO, Initial Holdings, a parent entity of Initial Holdings, or an Intermediate Parent, as the case may be, the Equity Interests in which were issued or otherwise sold pursuant to the IPO provided that, immediately following the IPO, the Borrower is a wholly-owned subsidiary of such IPO Entity and such IPO Entity owns, directly or through its subsidiaries, substantially all the businesses and assets owned or conducted, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower immediately prior to the IPO. 
 Issuing Bank means each of Citibank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse AG, Jefferies Finance LLC, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, Citizens Bank, N.A. and any other Revolving Lender which after notice to the Administrative Agent agrees to become an Issuing Bank and, solely with respect to any Existing Letter of Credit (and any amendment, renewal or extension thereof in accordance with this Agreement), the Lender or Affiliate of a Lender that issued such Existing Letter of Credit provided that (i) Barclays Bank PLC shall not be obligated to issue commercial letters of credit or bank guarantees, (ii) Credit Suisse AG shall not be obligated to issue commercial letters of credit or bank guarantees, (iii) Jefferies Finance LLC shall not be obligated to issue commercial letters of credit, non- Dollar letters of credit or bank guarantees and (iv) HSBC Bank USA, National Association, shall not be obligated to issue bank guarantees. Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Jefferies Finance LLC will cause Letters of Credit to be issued by unaffiliated financial institutions and such Letters of Credit shall be treated as issued by Jefferies Finance LLC for all purposes under the Loan Documents. 
 Joint Bookrunners means Citigroup Global Markets Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Jefferies Finance LLC, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. and Citizens Bank, N.A. 
 46 

Junior Financing means any Material Indebtedness (other than any permitted intercompany Indebtedness owing to Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) that is either (a) subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations, or (b) secured on a junior basis to the Liens securing the Secured Obligations. 
 Latest Maturity Date means, at any date of determination, the latest maturity or expiration date applicable to any Revolving Loan, Term Loan or Term Commitment hereunder at such time, including the latest maturity or expiration date of the Initial Revolving Facility, Initial Term Loans, any Incremental Term Loan, Incremental Revolving Facility or Other Term Loan, in each case as extended in accordance with this Agreement from time to time. 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.24(j). 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a drawing on a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time of determination, the sum (without duplication) of the Dollar Amount of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party at such time, minus (c) the amount then on deposit in the LC Collateral Account. The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Pro Rata Share of the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 LC Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 30,000,000 and (b) the Total Revolving Commitments under the Revolving Facility provided that no Lead Arranger (or its affiliates) shall be required to issue letters of credit or bank guarantees in excess of its Pro Rata Share of the LC Sublimit (such amount with respect to any Issuing Bank, such Issuing Bank s Individual LC Sublimit ). The LC Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Commitments. 
 LCA Election has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.08. 
 LCA Test Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.08. 
 Lead Arrangers means Citigroup Global Markets Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Jefferies Finance LLC, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. and Citizens Bank, N.A. 
 Lenders means (a) the Term Lenders, (b) the Revolving Lenders and (c) any other Person that shall have become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, an Incremental Facility Amendment or a Refinancing Amendment, in each case other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Banks. 
 Letters of Credit means any letter of credit or bank guarantee issued pursuant to this Agreement other than any such letter of credit or bank guarantee that shall have ceased to be a Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder pursuant to Section 9.05. 
 Liabilities means the recorded liabilities (including contingent liabilities that would be recorded in accordance with GAAP) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, as of the Effective Date after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions, determined in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. 
 LIBO Rate means 
 47 

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or a comparable or successor rate, which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the ICE Benchmark LIBOR01 screen page (or such other commercially available source providing quotations of LIBOR as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period and 
 (b) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency (other than Sterling), the rate per annum equal to the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the offered rate that appears on Reuters Page LIBOR01, LIBOR02 or CDOR, as applicable (in each case or any successor thereto), that displays an offered rate administered by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited or (with respect to Canadian Dollars) Thomson Reuters Benchmark Services Limited, as applicable (or, in each case, such other commercially available source providing equivalent quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) , that appears for deposits in such Alternative Currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, or, if different, the date on which quotations would customarily be provided by leading banks in the London interbank market for deposits of amounts in the relevant Alternative Currency for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period reserved or 
 (c) for any interest calculation with respect to an ABR Borrowing on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time determined two Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits with a term of one month commencing that day 
 provided that to the extent a comparable or successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in connection herewith, the approved rate shall be applied to the applicable Interest Period in a manner consistent with market practice provided further , that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied to the applicable Interest Period as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) solely with respect to the Initial Term Loans, the LIBO Rate in respect of any applicable Interest Period will be deemed to be 1.00 per annum if the LIBO Rate for such Interest Period calculated pursuant to the foregoing provisions would otherwise be less than 1.00 per annum and (y) without limiting clause (x) in no event shall the LIBO Rate be less than 0.00 (and if such rate would otherwise be less than 0.00 , it shall be deemed to be 0.00 ). 
 LIBOR has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of LIBO Rate. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset. 
 48 

Limited Condition Acquisition shall mean any Acquisition Transaction the consummation of which is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing. 
 Loan Document Obligations means (a) the due and punctual payment by the Borrower of (i) the principal of and interest at the applicable rate or rates provided in this Agreement (including interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Loans, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise and (ii) all other monetary obligations of the Borrower under or pursuant to this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, including obligations to pay LC Disbursements, fees, expense reimbursement obligations and indemnification obligations, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), (b) the due and punctual payment and performance of all other obligations of the Borrower under or pursuant to each of the Loan Documents and (c) the due and punctual payment and performance of all the obligations of each other Loan Party under or pursuant to this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents (including interest and monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding). 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, any Incremental Amendment, any Refinancing Amendment, any Loan Modification Agreement, the Guarantee Agreement, the Collateral Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreements, the other Security Documents and, except for purposes of Section 9.02, any promissory notes delivered pursuant to Section 2.07(f). 
 Loan Modification Agreement means a Loan Modification Agreement, in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and one or more Accepting Lenders, effecting one or more Permitted Amendments and such other amendments hereto and to the other Loan Documents as are contemplated by Section 2.22. 
 Loan Modification Offer has the meaning specified in Section 2.22(a). 
 Loan Parties means Holdings, each Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Loan Parties. 
 Loans means the Term Loans, the Revolving Loans and or the Swingline Loans, as the context may require. 
 Management Investors means the directors and officers and employees of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and or any of their respective subsidiaries who are (directly or indirectly through one or more investment vehicles) Investors. 
 Master Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Swap Agreement. 
 Material Adverse Effect means any event, circumstance or condition that has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a material and adverse effect on (a) the business or financial condition of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Borrower and the Guarantors, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under the Loan Documents or (c) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Loan Documents. 
 Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loan Document Obligations), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or 
 49 

more of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 25,000,000 provided that in no event shall any Permitted Receivables Financing be considered Material Indebtedness for any purpose. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that Holdings, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. 
 Material Real Property means any fee-owned real property with a book value greater than 10,000,000 as determined on the Effective Date (for existing fee-owned real property) or, with respect to after-acquired fee-owned real property, on the date of acquisition thereof or of the Person that owns such fee-owned real property. 
 Material Subsidiary means (a) each wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary that, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements are available, had revenues or total assets for such quarter in excess of 2.5 of the consolidated revenues or total assets, as applicable, of the Borrower for such quarter or that is designated by the Borrower as a Material Subsidiary and (b) any group comprising wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiaries that each would not have been a Material Subsidiary under clause (a) but that, taken together, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower most recently ended for which financial statements are available, had revenues or total assets for such quarter in excess of 10.0 of the consolidated revenues or total assets, as applicable, of the Borrower for such quarter provided that solely for purposes of Sections 7.01(h) and 7.01(i) each such Restricted Subsidiary forming part of such group is subject to an Event of Default under one or more of such Sections. 
 Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Initial Revolving Commitments, Incremental Revolving Increases and related Revolving Loans hereunder, the date that is five years after the Effective Date, (b) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, the date that is seven years after the Effective Date, (c) with respect to any Incremental Revolving Commitments and related Revolving Loans or with respect to any Incremental Term Loans, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Incremental Amendment and (d) with respect to the Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Commitments, April 2, 2024 (the Amendment No. 6 Maturity Date and (z) any other Other Commitments or Other Loans, the final maturity date as specified in the applicable Refinancing Amendment provided , in each case, that if such day is not a Business Day, the applicable Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such day. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.18. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business. 
 Mortgage means a mortgage, deed of trust, assignment of leases and rents or other security document granting a Lien on any Mortgaged Property to secure the Secured Obligations, provided, however , in the event any Mortgaged Property is located in a jurisdiction which imposes mortgage recording taxes or similar fees, the applicable Mortgage shall not secure an amount in excess of 100 of the Fair Market Value of such Mortgaged Property. Each Mortgage shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit Q with such modifications as may be required by, or customary to account for, local law matters. 
 Mortgaged Property means Material Real Property with respect to which a Mortgage is granted pursuant to Section 4.01(f) (if any), 5.11, 5.12 or 5.14. 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate is then making contributions, or 
 50 

accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within the last six plan years made contributions, including, for these purposes, any Person which ceased to be an ERISA Affiliate during such six year period. 
 Net Proceeds means, with respect to any event, (a) the proceeds received in respect of such event in cash or Permitted Investments, including (i) any cash or Permitted Investments received in respect of any non-cash proceeds, including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment or earn-out (but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds that are actually received, and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar payments that are actually received, minus (b) the sum of (i) all fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid by Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such event (including attorney s fees, investment banking fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, underwriting discounts and commissions, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant, accountant and other customary fees), (ii) in the case of a Disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a Sale Leaseback or Casualty Event or similar proceeding), (x) the amount of all payments that are permitted hereunder and are made by Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than the Loans) secured by such asset or otherwise subject to mandatory prepayment as a result of such event, (y) the pro rata portion of net cash proceeds thereof (calculated without regard to this clause (y)) attributable to minority interests and not available for distribution to or for the account of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries as a result thereof and (z) the amount of any liabilities directly associated with such asset and retained by Holdings, the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries and (iii) the amount of all Taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable), and the amount of any reserves established by Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, that are directly attributable to such event, provided that any reduction at any time in the amount of any such reserves (other than as a result of payments made in respect thereof) shall be deemed to constitute the receipt by the Borrower at such time of Net Proceeds in the amount of such reduction. 
 Non-Accepting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.22(c). 
 Non-Cash Compensation Expense means any non-cash expenses and costs that result from the issuance of stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards and similar incentive based compensation awards or arrangements. 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c). 
 Not Otherwise Applied means, with reference to the Available Amount, the Starter Basket or the Available Equity Amount, as applicable, that was not previously applied pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(xxvi), 6.04(n), 6.08(a)(viii) or 6.08(b)(iv). 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) provided that if both such rates are not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate quoted for such day for a federal funds transaction at 11 00 a.m. on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a Federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it. 
 OFAC has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.18(d). 
 51 

Offered Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(1). 
 Offered Discount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(1). 
 OID has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(b). 
 Organizational Documents means (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 Other Commitments means each and any Other Revolving Commitments and Other Term Commitments. 
 Other Loans means each and any Other Revolving Loans and Other Term Loans. 
 Other Revolving Commitments means one or more Classes of revolving loan commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Other Revolving Facility means each and any facility comprised of Other Revolving Commitments and Other Revolving Loans created pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, together with any Incremental Revolving Increase and or refinancing thereof, and the extensions of credit thereunder. 
 Other Revolving Loans means one or more Classes of Revolving Loans under an Other Revolving Facility, together with any refinancing thereof. 
 Other Taxes means all present or future recording, stamp, court or documentary, intangible, filing or similar Taxes arising from any payment made under any Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.17(b)). 
 Other Term Commitments means one or more Classes of term loan commitments hereunder that result from a Refinancing Amendment. 
 Other Term Facility means each and any facility comprised of Other Term Commitments and Other Term Loans created pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment, together with any refinancing thereof. 
 Other Term Loans means one or more Classes of Term Loans under an Other Term Facility that result from a Refinancing Amendment, together with any refinancing thereof. 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable Alternative Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of the Administrative Agent in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market for such Alternative Currency to major banks in such interbank market. 
 Parent Entity means any Person that is a direct or indirect parent of the Borrower. 
 52 

Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c)(i). 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c)(iii). 
 Participating Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C)(2). 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Acquisition means an Acquisition Transaction provided that (a) in the case of any purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests in a Person, (i) such Person, upon the consummation of such purchase or acquisition, will be a Subsidiary (including as a result of a merger or consolidation between any Subsidiary and such Person), or (ii) such Person is merged into or consolidated with a Subsidiary and such Subsidiary is the surviving entity of such merger or consolidation, (b) the business of such Person, or such assets, as the case may be, constitute a business permitted by Section 5.16, (c) with respect to each such purchase or other acquisition, all actions required to be taken with respect to any such newly created or acquired Subsidiary (including each subsidiary thereof) or assets in order to satisfy the requirements set forth in clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) of the definition of the term Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to the extent applicable shall have been taken (or arrangements for the taking of such actions after the consummation of the Permitted Acquisition shall have been made that are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) (unless such newly created or acquired Subsidiary is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5.15 or is otherwise an Excluded Subsidiary) and (d) after giving effect to any such purchase or other acquisition, no Event of Default under clause (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Section 7.01 shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Permitted Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement and, if applicable the other Loan Documents, effected in connection with a Loan Modification Offer pursuant to Section 2.22, providing for an extension of a maturity date applicable to the Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders and, in connection therewith, (a) a change in the Applicable Rate with respect to the Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders and or (b) a change in the fees payable to, or the inclusion of new fees to be payable to, the Accepting Lenders and or (c) additional covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of such Loan Modification Offer (it being understood that to the extent that any financial maintenance covenant is added for the benefit of any such Loans and or Commitments, no consent shall be required by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders if such financial maintenance covenant is either (i) also added for the benefit of any corresponding Loans remaining outstanding after the issuance or incurrence of such Loans and or Commitments or (ii) only applicable after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of such Loan Modification Offer) provided that (A) the borrowing and repayment (other than in connection with a permanent repayment and termination of Revolving Commitments) of the Revolving Loans made pursuant to the amended Revolving Commitments shall be made on a pro rata basis with any borrowings and repayments of any Revolving Loans and Revolving Commitments of the Class that is being amended and that remain outstanding after such amendment and (B) assignments and participations of the amended Revolving Commitments shall be governed by the assignment and participation provisions set forth in Section 9.04. 
 Permitted Cure Security means any Equity Interest of Holdings other than any Disqualified Equity Interests provided that any such Equity Interests issued for purposes of exercising a Cure Right pursuant to Section 7.03 that are not common Equity Interests shall be on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 53 

Permitted Encumbrances means 
 (a) Liens for taxes or other governmental charges that are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP 
 (b) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or construction contractors Liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that secure amounts not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or, if more than 30 days overdue, are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce such Liens or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP 
 (c) Liens incurred or deposits made in the ordinary course of business (i) in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation and (ii) securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or otherwise supporting the payment of items set forth in the foregoing clause (i) 
 (d) Liens incurred or deposits made to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, governmental contracts and leases, statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds, bankers acceptance facilities and other obligations of a like nature (including those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) and obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments that have been posted to support the same, incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices 
 (e) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances and minor title defects affecting real property that, in the aggregate, do not in any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (f) Liens securing, or otherwise arising from, judgments not constituting an Event of Default under Section 7.01(j) 
 (g) Liens on goods the purchase price of which is financed by a documentary letter of credit issued for the account of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or Liens on bills of lading, drafts or other documents of title arising by operation of law or pursuant to the standard terms of agreements relating to letters of credit, bank guarantees and other similar instruments, provided that such Lien secures only the obligations of the Borrower or such subsidiaries in respect of such letter of credit to the extent such obligations are permitted by Section 6.01 
 (h) rights of set-off, banker s lien, netting agreements and other Liens arising by operation of law or by of the terms of documents of banks or other financial institutions in relation to the maintenance of administration of deposit accounts, 
 54 

securities accounts, cash management arrangements or in connection with the issuance of letters of credit, bank guarantees or other similar instruments and 
 (i) Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or any similar filings made in respect of operating leases entered into by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries. 
 Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt means any secured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of senior secured notes provided that (i) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on an equal priority basis (but without control of remedies) with the Loan Document Obligations and is not secured by any property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary 
 other than the Collateral, (ii) such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Loans (including portions of Classes of Loans or Other Loans), and (iii) a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement and any First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt will include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 
 Permitted Holder means (a) the Sponsor (b) Longview Asset Management LLC, (c) the Management Investors and their Immediate Family Members and (d) any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof) of which the Persons described in clauses (a), (b) and or (c) are members provided that the Persons described in clauses (a), (b) and or (c) beneficially own a majority of the Equity Interests beneficially owned by such group. 
 Permitted Holdings Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(a)(xviii). 
 Permitted Investments means any of the following, to the extent owned by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (a) Dollars, euro, Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Singapore dollars, yuan or such other currencies held by it from time to time in the ordinary course of business 
 (b) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the government or any agency or instrumentality of (i) the United States or (ii) any member nation of the European Union rated A-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s, having average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof provided that the full faith and credit of the United States or such member nation of the European Union is pledged in support thereof 
 (c) time deposits with, or insured certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of, any commercial bank that (i) is a Lender or (ii) has combined capital and surplus of at least (x) 250,000,000 in the case of U.S. banks and (y) 100,000,000 (or the dollar equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks (any such bank meeting the requirements of clause or (ii) above being an Approved Bank ), in each case with average maturities of not more than 12 months from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (d) commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes issued by an Approved Bank (or by the parent company thereof) or any variable or fixed rate note issued by, or guaranteed by, a corporation rated A-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or P-2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s, in each case with 
 55 

average maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof 
 (e) repurchase agreements entered into by any Person with an Approved Bank, a bank or trust company (including any of the Lenders) or recognized securities dealer, in each case, having capital and surplus in excess of (x) 250,000,000 in the case of U.S. banks and (y) 100,000,000 (or the dollar equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks, in each case, for direct obligations issued by or fully guaranteed or insured by the government or any agency or instrumentality of (i) the United States or (ii) any member nation of the European Union rated A (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P and A2 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s, in which such Person shall have a perfected first priority security interest (subject to no other Liens) and having, on the date of purchase thereof, a Fair Market Value of at least 100 of the amount of the repurchase obligations 
 (f) marketable short-term money market and similar highly liquid funds either (i) having assets in excess of (x) 250,000,000 in the case of U.S. banks or other U.S. financial institutions and (y) 100,000,000 (or the dollar equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks or other non-U.S. financial institutions or (ii) having a rating of at least A-2 or P-2 from either S&P or Moody s (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody s shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized rating service) 
 (g) securities with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, or by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory having an investment grade rating from either S&P or Moody s (or the equivalent thereof) 
 (h) investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition in mutual funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s 
 (i) instruments equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above denominated in euro or any other foreign currency comparable in credit quality and tenor to those referred to above and customarily used by corporations for cash management purposes in any jurisdiction outside the United States to the extent reasonably required in connection with any business conducted by any Subsidiary organized in such jurisdiction 
 (j) investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets, in money market investment programs that are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or that are administered by financial institutions having capital of at least 250,000,000, and, in either case, the portfolios of which are limited such that substantially all of such investments are of the character, quality and maturity described in clauses (a) through (i) of this definition 
 (k) with respect to any Foreign Subsidiary (i) obligations of the national government of the country in which such Foreign Subsidiary maintains its chief executive office and principal place of business, provided such country is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, in each case maturing within one year after the date of investment therein, (ii) certificates of deposit of, 
 56 

bankers acceptances of, or time deposits with, any commercial bank which is organized and existing under the laws of the country in which such Foreign Subsidiary maintains its chief executive office and principal place of business, provided such country is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, and whose short-term commercial paper rating from S&P is at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof or from Moody s is at least P-2 or the equivalent thereof (any such bank being an Approved Foreign Bank ), and in each case with maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition and (iii) the equivalent of demand deposit accounts which are maintained with an Approved Foreign Bank and 
 (l) investment funds investing at least 90 of their assets in securities of the types described in clauses (a) through (k) above. 
 Permitted Receivables Financing means, collectively, any receivables securitizations or other receivables financings (including any factoring program) in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of 37,500,000 and 15 of EBITDA for the last Test Period (measured at each time any such financing is entered into) that are non-recourse to Holdings and the Restricted Subsidiaries (except for (i) any customary limited recourse or recourse limited Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, (y) any performance undertaking or Guarantee and (z) an unsecured parent Guarantee (a Receivables Guarantee by Holdings, Intermediate Holdings or a Restricted Subsidiary that is a parent company of a Restricted Subsidiary of obligations of Restricted Subsidiaries, and, in each case, reasonable extensions thereof) provided that with respect to Permitted Receivables Financings incurred in the form of a factoring program, the outstanding amount of such Permitted Receivables Financing for the purposes of this definition shall be deemed to be equal to the Permitted Receivables Net Investment for the last Test Period. 
 Permitted Receivables Net Investment means the aggregate cash amount paid by the purchasers under any Permitted Receivables Financing in the form of a factoring program in connection with their purchase of accounts receivable and customary related assets or interests therein, as the same may be reduced from time to time by collections with respect to such accounts receivable and related assets or otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Permitted Receivables Financing (but excluding any such collections used to make payments of commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges incurred in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing in the form of a factoring program which are payable to any Person other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary). 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Person, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any Indebtedness of such Person provided that (a) (i) with respect to any such Indebtedness constituting Capital Lease Obligations, the assets subject to such Capitalized Lease shall be substantially the same as the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended and (ii) with respect to all Indebtedness other than such constituting Capital Lease Obligations, the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other amounts paid, and fees and expenses incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension and by an amount equal to any existing revolving commitments unutilized thereunder to the extent that the portion of any existing and unutilized revolving commitment being refinanced was permitted to be drawn under Sections 6.01 and 6.02 of this Agreement immediately prior to such refinancing (other than by reference to a Permitted Refinancing) and such drawing shall be deemed to have been made, (b) other than with respect to a Permitted 
 57 

Refinancing in respect of Capital Lease Obligations, Indebtedness resulting from such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, (c) if the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations, Indebtedness resulting from such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, (d) immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (e) if the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended is permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(ii), 6.01(a)(xxi), 6.01(a)(xxii), 6.01(a)(xxiii) or 6.01(a)(xxiv), (i) the terms and conditions (excluding as to subordination, interest rate (including whether such interest is payable in cash or in kind), rate floors, fees, discounts and premiums) of Indebtedness resulting from such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension (including as to collateral (including in respect of the priority of the Liens on such collateral)) are, taken as a whole, are not materially more favorable to the investors providing such Indebtedness than the terms and conditions of the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended (except for covenants or other provisions applicable to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at the time such Indebtedness is incurred) (it being understood that, to the extent that any financial maintenance covenant is added for the benefit of any such Permitted Refinancing, the terms shall not be considered materially more favorable if such financial maintenance covenant is either (A) also added for the benefit of any corresponding Loans remaining outstanding after the issuance or incurrence of such Permitted Refinancing or (B) only applicable after the Latest Maturity Date at the time of such refinancing) provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such resulting Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement, shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a reasonable description of the basis upon which it disagrees) and (ii) the primary obligor in respect of, and or the Persons (if any) that Guarantee, the Indebtedness resulting from such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension are the primary obligor in respect of, and or Persons (if any) that Guaranteed the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood that a Permitted Refinancing may constitute a portion of an issuance of Indebtedness in excess of the amount of such Permitted Refinancing provided that such excess amount is otherwise permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01. For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that a Permitted Refinancing includes successive Permitted Refinancings of the same Indebtedness. 
 Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt means any secured Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower in the form of one or more series of junior lien secured notes or junior lien secured loans provided that (i) such Indebtedness is secured by the Collateral on a junior basis with the Loan Document Obligations and is not secured by any property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than the Collateral, (ii) such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Loans (including portions of Classes of Loans or Other Loans), and (iii) a Senior Representative 
 58 

acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have become party to the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement and, if applicable, a customary Intercreditor Agreement substantially consistent with the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement pursuant to which, among things, the Liens securing such Indebtedness are subordinated to the Lien securing the Secured Obligations. Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt will include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 
 Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt means unsecured Indebtedness incurred by Borrower in the form of one or more series of senior unsecured notes or loans provided that (i) such Indebtedness constitutes Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Loans (including portions of Classes of Loans or Other Loans), and (ii) such Indebtedness is not secured by any Lien on any property or assets of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt will include any Registered Equivalent Notes issued in exchange therefor. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and (i) in respect of which a Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA or (ii) has at any time within the preceding six years been maintained, sponsored or contributed to by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Planned Expenditures has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Excess Cash Flow. 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 5.01. 
 Post-Transaction Period means, with respect to any Specified Transaction, the period beginning on the date on which such Specified Transaction is consummated and ending on the last day of the eighth full consecutive fiscal quarter of the Borrower immediately following the date on which such Specified Transaction is consummated. 
 Prepayment Event means 
 (a) any sale, transfer or other Disposition of any property or asset of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 6.05(j), Section 6.05(k), Section 6.05(m) and Section 6.05(n) other than Dispositions resulting in aggregate Net Proceeds not exceeding 10,000,000 in the case of any single transaction or series of related transactions or 
 (b) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01 (other than Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt and Other Loans) or permitted by the Required Lenders pursuant to Section 9.02. 
 Present Fair Saleable Value means the amount that could be obtained by an independent willing seller from an independent willing buyer if the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole are sold with reasonable promptness in an arm s-length transaction under present conditions for the sale of comparable business enterprises insofar as such conditions can be reasonably evaluated. 
 59 

Pro Forma Adjustment means, for any Test Period, any adjustment to Consolidated EBITDA made in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of that term. 
 Pro Forma Basis , Pro Forma Compliance and Pro Forma Effect means, with respect to compliance with any test, financial ratio or covenant hereunder required by the terms of this Agreement to be made on a Pro Forma Basis, that (a) to the extent applicable, the Pro Forma Adjustment shall have been made and (b) all Specified Transactions and the following transactions in connection therewith that have been made during the applicable period of measurement or subsequent to such period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation is made shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the applicable period of measurement in such test, financial ratio or covenant (i) income statement items (whether positive or negative) attributable to the property or Person subject to such Specified Transaction, (A) in the case of a Disposition of all or substantially all Equity Interests in any subsidiary of Holdings or any division, product line, or facility used for operations of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, shall be excluded, and (B) in the case of a Permitted Acquisition or Investment described in the definition of Specified Transaction, shall be included, (ii) any retirement of Indebtedness, and (iii) any Indebtedness incurred or assumed by Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in connection therewith and if such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, shall have an implied rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition determined by utilizing the rate that is or would be in effect with respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination provided that, without limiting the application of the Pro Forma Adjustment pursuant to clause (a) above, the foregoing pro forma adjustments may be applied to any such test, financial ratio or covenant solely to the extent that such adjustments are consistent with the definition of Consolidated EBITDA (and subject to the limitations set forth in clause (b) thereof) and give effect to events (including cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies) that are (i) (x) directly attributable to such transaction, (y) expected to have a continuing impact on Holdings, the Borrower and any of the Restricted Subsidiaries and (z) factually supportable or (ii) otherwise consistent with the definition of Pro Forma Adjustment. 
 Pro Forma Disposal Adjustment means, for any four-quarter period that includes all or a portion of a fiscal quarter included in any Post-Transaction Period with respect to any Sold Entity or Business, the pro forma increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA projected by the Borrower in good faith as a result of contractual arrangements between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary entered into with such Sold Entity or Business at the time of its disposal or within the Post-Transaction Period and which represent an increase or decrease in Consolidated EBITDA which is incremental to the Disposed EBITDA of such Sold Entity or Business for the most recent four-quarter period prior to its disposal. 
 Pro Forma Entity means any Acquired Entity or Business or any Converted Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Pro Forma Financial Statements has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.04(c). 
 Pro Rata Share means, with respect to each Revolving Lender at any time, a fraction (expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the numerator of which is the Dollar Amount of the Revolving Commitments and, if applicable and without duplication, Revolving Loans, of such Revolving Lender under the applicable Revolving Facility at such time and the denominator of which is the Dollar Amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and, if applicable and without duplication, Revolving Loans under such Revolving Facility at such time (if the applicable Revolving Commitments for such Revolving Facility have terminated or expired, the Pro Rata Share 
 60 

shall be determined based upon such Revolving Lender s share of the aggregate Revolving Exposure under such Revolving Facility at that time). 
 Proposed Change has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(c). 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 5.01. 
 Purchasing Borrower Party means Holdings or any subsidiary of Holdings. 
 Qualified Equity Interests means Equity Interests in Holdings or any parent of Holdings other than Disqualified Equity Interests. 
 Qualifying Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(3). 
 Receivables Guarantee has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Permitted Receivables Financing. 
 Receivables Subsidiary means any Special Purpose Entity established in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5 00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting or (2) if such Benchmark is other than the Term SOFR Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Refinanced Debt has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness. 
 Refinancing Amendment means an amendment to this Agreement executed by each of (a) the Borrower and Holdings, (b) the Administrative Agent and (c) each Additional Lender and Lender that agrees to provide any portion of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness being incurred pursuant thereto, in accordance with Section 2.19. 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b)(iv). 
 Registered Equivalent Notes means, with respect to any notes originally issued in a Rule 144A or other private placement transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, substantially identical notes (having substantially the same Guarantees) issued in a dollar-for-dollar exchange therefor pursuant to an exchange offer registered with the SEC. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, trustees, agents, controlling persons, advisors and other representatives of such Person and of each of such Person s Affiliates and permitted successors and assigns. 
 Release means any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) and including the environment within any building or other structure. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto. 
 Removal Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VIII. 
 Repricing Transaction means (a) the incurrence by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness in the form of term loans that are broadly syndicated to banks and other institutional investors (i) having an Effective Yield that is less than the Effective Yield for the Initial Term Loans, but excluding Indebtedness incurred in connection with an 
 61 

IPO, Change of Control or Transformative Acquisition, and (ii) the proceeds of which are used to prepay (or, in the case of a conversion, deemed to prepay or replace), in whole or in part, outstanding principal of Initial Term Loans or (b) any effective reduction in the Effective Yield for the Initial Term Loans (e.g., by way of amendment, waiver or otherwise), except for a reduction in connection with an IPO, Change of Control or Transformative Acquisition. 
 Required Additional Debt Terms means with respect to any Indebtedness, (a) such Indebtedness does not mature earlier than the Latest Maturity Date (except in the case of customary bridge loans which subject to customary conditions (including no payment or bankruptcy event of default), would either automatically be converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent refinancing which does not mature earlier than the Latest Maturity Date), (b) such Indebtedness does not have mandatory redemption features (other than customary asset sale, insurance and condemnation proceeds events, change of control offers or events of default or, if term loans, excess cash flow prepayments applicable to periods before the Latest Maturity Date) that could result in redemptions of such Indebtedness prior to the Latest Maturity Date, (c) other than with respect to Indebtedness incurred by a non-Loan Party, such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by any entity that is not a Loan Party, (d) other than with respect to Indebtedness incurred by a non-Loan Party, such Indebtedness that is secured (i) is not secured by any assets not securing the Secured Obligations, (ii) is subject to the relevant Intercreditor Agreement(s) and (iii) is subject to security agreements relating to such Indebtedness that are substantially the same as the Security Documents (with such differences as are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), (e) with respect to Indebtedness incurred by a non-Loan Party, (i) such Indebtedness is not guaranteed by a Loan Party and (ii) such Indebtedness is not secured by the Collateral and (f) the terms and conditions of such Indebtedness (excluding pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, discounts, fees, premiums and prepayment or redemption provisions) are not materially more favorable (when taken as a whole) to the lenders or investors providing such Indebtedness than the terms and conditions of this Agreement (when taken as a whole) are to the Lenders (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest Maturity Date at such time) (it being understood that, to the extent that any financial maintenance covenant is added for the benefit of any Indebtedness, no consent shall be required by the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders if such financial maintenance covenant is either (i) also added for the benefit of any corresponding Loans remaining outstanding after the issuance or incurrence of any such Indebtedness in connection therewith or (ii) only applicable after the Latest Maturity Date at such time) provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such resulting Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement, shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a reasonable description of the basis upon which it disagrees). 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Term Loans, Revolving Exposures and unused Commitments (other than Swingline Commitments) representing more than 50 of the aggregate Dollar Amount of Term Loans, Revolving Exposures and unused Commitments (other than Swingline Commitments) at such time provided that (a) Loans held by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof (other than Affiliated Debt Funds) shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders and (b) whenever there are one or more Defaulting Lenders or Disqualified Lenders, the total Dollar Amount of outstanding Loans, Revolving Exposures and unused 
 62 

Commitments of each Defaulting Lender and each Disqualified Lender shall, in each case, be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
 Required Revolving Lenders means, at any time, Revolving Lenders have Revolving Exposures and unused Revolving Commitments (other than Swingline Commitments) representing more than 50 of the aggregate Dollar Amount of Revolving Exposures and unused Revolving Commitments (other than Swingline Commitments) at such time provided that whenever there are one or more Defaulting Lenders or Disqualified Lenders, the total outstanding Dollar Amount of Revolving Exposures and unused Revolving Commitments of each Defaulting Lender and each Disqualified Lender shall, in each case, be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Lenders. 
 Requirements of Law means, with respect to any Person, any statutes, laws, treaties, rules, regulations, orders, decrees, writs, injunctions or determinations of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Resignation Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VIII. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer, or other similar officer, manager or a director of a Loan Party and with respect to certain limited liability companies or partnerships that do not have officers, any manager, sole member, managing member or general partner thereof, and as to any document delivered on the Effective Date or thereafter pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of the term Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, any secretary or assistant secretary of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Debt Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 6.08(b). 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Equity Interests in Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Retained Declined Proceeds has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(d). 
 Revolving Borrowing means a request for Revolving Loans. 
 Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, the commitment of such Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum possible aggregate amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.06, (b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04 and (c) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.18. The initial amount of each Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment is set forth on the Commitment Schedule, or in the Assignment 
 63 

and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable. 
 Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Revolving Lender at any time, the Dollar Amount of the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of the aggregate principal amounts of Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. 
 Revolving Facility means each and any of the Initial Revolving Facility (together with any Incremental Revolving Increase thereto), any Incremental Revolving Facility, and any Other Revolving Facility, in each case together with the extensions of credit thereunder and any refinancing thereof. 
 Revolving Lender means, initially, the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01(a) and as of any date of determination from and after the Effective Date, a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with Revolving Exposure. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Revolving Lenders under any particular Revolving Facility includes the Swingline Lender under such Revolving Facility. 
 Revolving Loan means the loans and advances made by the Revolving Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, including a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(a) and Swingline Loans. 
 S&P means Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business. 
 Sale Leaseback means any transaction or series of related transactions pursuant to which the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary (a) sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of any property, real or personal, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and (b) as part of such transaction, thereafter rents or leases such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold, transferred or disposed of. 
 Sanctions means economic sanctions administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, sanctions enforced by OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury. 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 Second Lien Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Second Lien Facility. 
 Second Lien Facility means the term loan facility pursuant to that certain Second Lien Credit Agreement (the Second Lien Credit Agreement ), dated as of the date hereof, by and among Holdings, the Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, the lenders party thereto and the other agents party thereto (it being understood and agreed that the Second Lien Facility shall include any additional commitments or loans thereunder after the date hereof that are permitted pursuant to this Agreement and the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement). 
 Secured Cash Management Obligations means the due and punctual payment and performance of all obligations of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any overdraft and related liabilities arising from treasury, depository, cash pooling arrangements and cash management services, corporate credit and purchasing cards and related programs or any automated clearing house transfers of funds (collectively, Cash Management Services provided to Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary (whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and 
 64 

whenever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor)) that are (a) owed to the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates, (b) owed on the Effective Date to a Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender as of the Effective Date or (c) owed to a Person that is an Agent, a Lender or an Affiliate of an Agent or Lender at the time such obligations are incurred. 
 Secured Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Secured Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period as of such date. 
 Secured Obligations means (a) the Loan Document Obligations, (b) the Secured Cash Management Obligations and (c) the Secured Swap Obligations (excluding with respect to any Loan Party, Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Party). 
 Secured Parties means (a) each Lender, (b) the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, (c) each Joint Bookrunner, (d) each Issuing Bank, (e) the Swingline Lender, (f) each Person to whom any Secured Cash Management Obligations are owed, (g) each counterparty to any Swap Agreement the obligations under which constitute Secured Swap Obligations and (h) the permitted successors and assigns of each of the foregoing. 
 Secured Swap Obligations means the due and punctual payment and performance of all obligations of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower, and the Restricted Subsidiaries under each Swap Agreement that (a) is with a counterparty that is the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates, (b) is in effect on the Effective Date with a counterparty that is a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender as of the Effective Date or (c) is entered into after the Effective Date with any counterparty that is a Lender, an Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Agent at the time such Swap Agreement is entered into. 
 Security Documents means the Collateral Agreement, the Mortgages and each other security agreement or pledge agreement executed and delivered pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, Section 4.01(f), 5.11, 5.12 or 5.14 to secure any of the Secured Obligations. 
 Seller means CenturyLink, Inc., a Louisiana corporation. 
 Senior Representative means, with respect to any series of Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt or other applicable Indebtedness, the trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, security agent or similar agent under the indenture or agreement pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued, incurred or otherwise obtained, as the case may be, and each of their successors in such capacities. 
 Settlement has the meaning specified in Section 2.23(a)(ii). 
 Settlement Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.23(a)(ii). 
 SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 Sold Entity or Business has the meaning given such term in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA. 
 Solicited Discount Proration has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(3). 
 65 

Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(1). 
 Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice means an irrevocable written notice of a Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers made pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D) substantially in the form of Exhibit M . 
 Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer means the irrevocable written offer by each Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit N , submitted following the Administrative Agent s receipt of a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice. 
 Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)(1). 
 Solvent means (a) the Fair Value of the assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis taken as a whole exceeds their Liabilities, (b) the Present Fair Saleable Value of the assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis taken as a whole exceeds their Liabilities, (c) Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis taken as a whole after consummation of the Transactions is a going concern and has sufficient capital to reasonably ensure that it will continue to be a going concern for the period from the date hereof through the Latest Maturity Date taking into account the nature of, and the needs and anticipated needs for capital of, the particular business or businesses conducted or to be conducted by Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as reflected in the projected financial statements and in light of the anticipated credit capacity and (d) for the period from the date hereof through the Latest Maturity Date, Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis taken as a whole will have sufficient assets and cash flow to pay their Liabilities as those liabilities mature or (in the case of contingent Liabilities) otherwise become payable, in light of business conducted or anticipated to be conducted by Holdings and its Subsidiaries as reflected in the projected financial statements and in light of the anticipated credit capacity. 
 SONIA means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day. 
 SONIA Administrator means the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 
 SONIA Administrator s Website means the Bank of England s website, currently at http www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 
 SONIA Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SONIA Loans comprising such Borrowing. 
 SONIA Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SONIA. 
 SONIA Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SONIA . 
 Special Purpose Entity means a direct or indirect subsidiary of Holdings, whose organizational documents contain restrictions on its purpose and activities and impose requirements intended to preserve its separateness from Holdings and or one or more Subsidiaries of Holdings. 
 Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations means such of the representations made by, or with respect to, the Acquired Business in the Acquisition Agreement as are material to the interests of the Lenders, but only to the extent that the Borrower (or any of its affiliates) has the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate its obligations under the Acquisition Agreement or decline to consummate the 
 66 

Acquisition (in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof) as a result of a breach of such representations in the Acquisition Agreement. 
 Specified Discount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(B)(1). 
 Specified Discount Prepayment Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 2.09(a)(ii)(B)(1). 
 Specified Discount Prepayment Notice means an irrevocable written notice of a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment made pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(ii)(B) substantially in the form of Exhibit I . 
 Specified Discount Prepayment Response means the irrevocable written response by each Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit J , to a Specified Discount Prepayment Notice. 
 Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(B)(1). 
 Specified Discount Proration has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(B)(3). 
 Specified Representations means the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.01(a) and (b) (in each case, with respect to Holdings, the Borrower and the Guarantors), Section 3.02 (with respect to the entering into, borrowing under, guaranteeing under, and performance of the Loan Documents and the granting of Liens in the Collateral), Section 3.03(b)(i) (with respect to the entering into, borrowing under, guaranteeing under, and performance of the Loan Documents and the granting of Liens in the Collateral), Section 3.08, Section 3.14, Section 3.16, Section 3.18(a), Section 3.18(b), Section 3.18(c) (with respect to the Patriot Act only) and Section 3.19 (subject to the proviso to Section 4.01(f)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Specified Representations (other than with respect to Section 3.14) include any representation or warranty with respect to any Insignificant Subsidiary of the Target. 
 Specified Transaction means, with respect to any period, any Investment, Disposition, incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, Restricted Payment, subsidiary designation or other event that by the terms of the Loan Documents requires Pro Forma Compliance with a test or covenant hereunder or requires such test or covenant to be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 Sponsor means each of (a) BC Partners, Inc. and its Affiliates (including the funds, partnerships or other co-investment vehicles managed, advised or controlled thereby, and any investors in such funds (including committed investors in BC European Capital X, L.P.), partnerships or other co-investments vehicles as of the Effective Date, but other than, in each case, Holdings and its Subsidiaries or any portfolio company, and (b) Medina Capital Advisors, LLC and its Affiliates (including the funds, partnerships or other co-investment vehicles managed, advised or controlled thereby but other than, in each case, Holdings and its Subsidiaries or any portfolio company). 
 Spot Rate means on any day with respect to any currency other than Dollars, including any Alternative Currency, the rate at which such currency may be exchanged into Dollars (at the bid price), as set forth at approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, on such day as determined by OANDA Corporation (and available at http www.oanda.com for such currency in the event that such rate is not determined by OANDA Corporation, the Spot Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, or, in the absence of such agreement, such Spot 
 67 

Rate shall instead be the arithmetic average of the spot rates of exchange of the Administrative Agent in the market where its foreign currency exchange operations in respect of such currency are then being conducted, at or about 10 00 a.m., New York City time, on such date for the purchase of Dollars for delivery two Business Days later. 
 SPV has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(e). 
 Starter Basket has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Available Amount. 
 Standby Letter of Credit means any Letter of Credit other than a Commercial Letter of Credit. 
 Statutory Reserve Rate means, with respect to any currency, a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve, liquid asset or similar percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by any Governmental Authority of the United States or of the jurisdiction of such currency or any jurisdiction in which Loans in such currency are made to which banks in such jurisdiction are subject for any category of deposits or liabilities customarily used to fund loans in such currency or by reference to which interest rates applicable to Loans in such currency are determined. Such reserve, liquid asset or similar percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to Regulation D of the Board of Governors, and if any Lender is required to comply with the requirements of The Bank of England and or the Prudential Regulation Authority (or any authority that replaces any of the functions thereof) or the requirements of the European Central Bank. Eurocurrency Loans shall be deemed to be subject to such reserve, liquid asset or similar requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation D or any other applicable law, rule or regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. 
 Sterling and means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 Submitted Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C)(1). 
 Submitted Discount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(a)(ii)(C)(1). 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Junior Financing under clause (a) of the definition thereof. 
 subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. 
 Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Loan Party means each Subsidiary that is a party to the Guarantee Agreement. 
 68 

Successor Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03(a)(iv). 
 Successor Holdings has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03(a)(v). 
 Swap means any agreement, contract, or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swap Agreement means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any obligation to pay or perform under any Swap. 
 Swingline Borrowing means a request for Swingline Loans. 
 Swingline Exposure means, with respect to any Revolving Lender, at any time, such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. 
 Swingline Lender means Citibank, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder, and its successors and assigns in such capacity. 
 Swingline Loan means a Swingline Loan made by the Swingline Lender to the Borrower under Section 2.23(a). Swingline Loans shall be available in Dollars. 
 Swingline Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) 25,000,000, and (b) the Total Revolving Commitments under the applicable Facility. The Swingline Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Commitments. 
 Syndication Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 Target means Savvis, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Target Subsidiaries means the Subsidiaries of the Target, after giving effect to certain internal restructuring transactions to be conducted by Seller after the date of the Acquisition Agreement and prior to the Effective Date as contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement. 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term Commitment means, with respect to each Term Lender, its Initial Term Commitment, Incremental Term Commitment and or Other Term Commitment. 
 Term Facility means each or any of the Initial Term Facility, each Incremental Term Facility, and any Other Term Facility. 
 Term Lenders means initially the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01(b) and as of any date of determination from and after the Effective Date, any other Person that shall have 
 69 

become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption in respect of any Term Loans, an Incremental Facility Amendment in respect of any Term Loans or a Refinancing Amendment in respect of any Term Loans, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. 
 Term Loans means the Initial Term Loans, any Incremental Term Loans and any Other Term Loans. 
 Term Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date, with respect to any Incremental Term Loans, the maturity date specified for such Incremental Term Loans in the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment and (c) with respect to any Other Term Loans, the maturity date specified for such Other Term Loans in the applicable Refinancing Amendment. 
 Term SOFR when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5 00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator provided that if the Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be equal to 0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term SOFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5 00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Test Period means, at any date of determination, the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ending on or prior to such date for which financial statements have been (or were required to have been) delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) provided that prior to the first date financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b), the Test Period in effect shall be the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower ended September 30, 2016. 
 Testing Condition shall be satisfied on the last day of any fiscal quarter of Borrower if on such day the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans (excluding undrawn amounts under any Letters of Credit) and or Swingline Loans exceeds (or exceeded) 35 of the then outstanding Revolving Commitments in effect on such date. 
 70 

Total Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period as of such date. 
 Total Revolving Commitments means, with respect to any Revolving Facility, the aggregate outstanding amount of Revolving Commitments for such Revolving Facility of all Revolving Lenders under such Revolving Facility. 
 Transactions means, collectively, (a) the Equity Financing, (b) the Acquisition, (c) the availability of the Initial Revolving Commitments on the Effective Date, the funding of the Initial Term Loans on the Effective Date and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (d) the funding of the term loans under the Second Lien Facility on the Effective Date, (e) the consummation of any other transactions in connection with the foregoing (including in connection with the Acquisition Documents) and (f) the payment of the fees and expenses incurred in connection with any of the foregoing (including the Transaction Costs). 
 Transaction Costs means any fees, costs or expenses incurred or paid by the Sponsor, any Parent Entity, Initial Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with the Transactions, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 
 Transformative Acquisition means any acquisition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is either (a) not permitted by the terms of this Agreement immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition or (b) if permitted by the terms of this Agreement immediately prior to the consummation of such acquisition, would not provide the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries with adequate flexibility under this Agreement for the continuation and or expansion of their combined operations following such consummation, as determined by the Borrower in good faith. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate , the Alternate Base Rate or Daily Simple SONIA. 
 UCC or Uniform Commercial Code shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York provided, however , that, at any time, if by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the perfection or priority of the Collateral Agent s security interest in any item or portion of the Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Collateral Agreement) is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a U.S. jurisdiction other than the State of New York, the term UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect, at such time, in such other jurisdiction for purposes of the provisions hereof relating to such perfection or priority and for purposes of definitions relating to such provisions. 
 Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary (other than the Borrower) designated by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to Section 5.15 subsequent to the Effective Date. 
 USA Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, as amended from time to time. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 71 

Vehicles means all railcars, cars, trucks, trailers, construction and earth moving equipment and other vehicles covered by a certificate of title law of any state and all tires and other appurtenances to any of the foregoing. 
 Weighted Average Life to Maturity means, when applied to any Indebtedness at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness. 
 wholly-owned subsidiary means, with respect to any Person at any date, a subsidiary of such Person of which securities or other ownership interests representing 100 of the Equity Interests (other than (a) directors qualifying shares and (b) nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Requirements of Law) are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held by such Person or one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries of such Person or by such Person and one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries of such Person. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Withholding Agent shall mean any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
 Section 1.02 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans and Borrowings may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Term Loan or by Type (e.g., a Eurocurrency Loan , a Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loan or Term SOFR Loan or by Class and Type (e.g., a Eurocurrency Term Loan , a Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Term Loan or a Term SOFR Term Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Term Borrowing , a Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing or by Type (e.g., a Eurocurrency Borrowing , a Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g., a Eurocurrency Term Borrowing , a Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or a Term SOFR Revolving Borrowing ). 
 72 

Section 1.03 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement (including this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (c) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
 Section 1.04 Accounting Terms GAAP . 
 (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, for purposes of determining compliance with any test contained in this Agreement, the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis to give effect to all Specified Transactions that have been made during the applicable period of measurement or subsequent to such period and prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation is made. 
 (c) Where reference is made to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or similar language, such consolidation shall not include any Subsidiaries of the Borrower other than the Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 73 

(d) In the event that the Borrower elects to prepare its financial statements in accordance with IFRS and such election results in a change in the method of calculation of financial covenants, standards or terms (collectively, the Accounting Changes in this Agreement, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree to enter into good faith negotiations in order to amend such provisions of this Agreement (including the levels applicable herein to any computation of the Total Leverage Ratio, the First Lien Leverage Ratio, the Secured Leverage Ratio and the Interest Coverage Ratio) so as to reflect equitably the Accounting Changes with the desired result that the criteria for evaluating the Borrower s financial condition shall be substantially the same after such change as if such change had not been made. Until such time as such an amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, all financial covenants, standards and terms in this Agreement shall continue to be calculated or construed in accordance with GAAP (as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower) (it being agreed that the reconciliation between GAAP and IFRS used in such determination shall be made available to Lenders) as if such change had not occurred. 
 Section 1.05 Effectuation of Transactions . All references herein to Holdings, the Borrower and their subsidiaries shall be deemed to be references to such Persons, and all the representations and warranties of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the other Loan Parties contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be deemed made, in each case, after giving effect to the Acquisition and the other Transactions to occur on the Effective Date, unless the context otherwise requires. 
 Section 1.06 Currency Translation Rates . 
 (a) For purposes of any determination under Article V, Article VI or Article VII or any determination under any other provision of this Agreement, all amounts incurred, outstanding or proposed to be incurred or outstanding in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the Spot Rate (rounded to the nearest currency unit, with 0.5 or more of a currency unit being rounded upward) provided, however , that for purposes of determining compliance with Article VI with respect to the amount of any Indebtedness, Investment, Disposition, Restricted Payment or Restricted Debt Payment in a currency other than Dollars, no Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of changes in rates of exchange occurring after the time such Indebtedness or Investment is incurred or Disposition, Restricted Payment or Restricted Debt Payment is made provided further , that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.06 shall otherwise apply to such Sections, including with respect to determining whether any Indebtedness or Investment may be incurred or Disposition, Restricted Payment or Restricted Debt Payment made at any time under such Sections. For purposes of any determination of Consolidated Total Debt, amounts in currencies other than Dollars shall be translated into Dollars at the currency exchange rates used in preparing the most recently delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or Section 5.01(b) provided , that the determination of any Dollar Amount shall be made in accordance with Section 2.25. Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify with the Borrower s consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) to appropriately reflect a change in currency of any country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to such change in currency. 
 74 

(b) The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of LIBO Rate or with respect to any comparable or successor rate thereto, except as expressly provided herein. 
 Section 1.07 Letters of Credit . Unless otherwise specified herein, the Dollar Amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the amount of the stated Dollar Amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time provided, however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the amount of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
 Section 1.08 Limited Condition Acquisitions . In connection with any action being taken solely in connection with a Limited Condition Acquisition, for purposes of 
 (i) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires the calculation of the First Lien Leverage Ratio, Secured Leverage Ratio, Total Leverage Ratio or the Interest Coverage Ratio 
 (ii) determining compliance with representations, warranties, defaults or Events of Default (in each case, other than for purposes of Section 4.02 in connection with any Borrowing of Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans or the issuance of Letter of Credit) and 
 (iii) testing availability under baskets set forth in this agreement (including baskets measured as a percentage of Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets) 
 in each case, at the option of the Borrower (the Borrower s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Acquisition, an LCA Election ), the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder, shall be deemed to be the date the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Acquisition are entered into (the LCA Test Date ( provided that the Borrower shall be required to make an LCA Election on or prior to the date on which the definitive agreements for such Limited Condition Acquisition have been entered into), and if, after giving Pro Forma Effect to the Limited Condition Acquisition and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent Test Period ending prior to the LCA Test Date (after giving effect to any increases or decrease in Indebtedness of the Borrower and Restricted Subsidiaries since such date), the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCA Test Date in compliance with such ratio, representation, warranty, default, Events of Default or basket, such ratio, representation, warranty, default, Event of Default or basket shall be deemed to have been complied with for the purposes of such Limited Condition Acquisition. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower has made an LCA Election and any of the ratios or baskets for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCA Test Date are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio or basket, including due to fluctuations in Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Total Assets of the Borrower or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Acquisition, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such baskets or ratios will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations. If the Borrower has made an LCA Election for any Limited Condition Acquisition, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratios, representations, warranties, defaults, Events of Default or basket availability with respect to the incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens, or the making of Restricted Payments, mergers, the conveyance, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower, the 
 75 

prepayment, redemption, purchase, defeasance or other satisfaction of Indebtedness, or the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary on or following the relevant LCA Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date on which such Limited Condition Acquisition is consummated or the date that the definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Acquisition is terminated or expires without consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition, any such ratios, representations, warranties, defaults, Events of Default or baskets shall be calculated on a Pro Forma Basis assuming such Limited Condition Acquisition and other transactions in connection therewith (including any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. 
 Article II THE CREDITS 
 Section 2.01 Commitments . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Lender agrees, severally and not jointly, to make Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies under any Revolving Facility to the Borrower under such Revolving Facility from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Revolving Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment for such Revolving Facility at such time or (ii) the total Revolving Exposures exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments for such Facility at such time. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 (b) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Term Lender agrees to make a Term Loan denominated in Dollars to the Borrower on the Effective Date in a principal amount not exceeding its Initial Term Commitment. Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of Loans may not be reborrowed. 
 Section 2.02 Loans and Borrowings . 
 (a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Facility, Class and Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Facility and Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder, provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and, other than as expressly provided herein with respect to a Defaulting Lender, no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required hereby. 
 76 

(b) Subject to Section 2.12, each Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or , Eurocurrency Loans , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans, Term SOFR Loans or SONIA Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith provided that all Borrowings made on the Effective Date must be made as ABR Borrowings unless the Borrower shall have given the notice required for a Eurocurrency Borrowing under Section 2.03 and provided an indemnity letter extending the benefits of Section 2.14 to Lenders in respect of such Borrowings. Revolving Loans denominated in (i) Dollars may be ABR Loans or , Term SOFR Loans or, other than in the case of Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans, Eurocurrency Loans , (ii) any Alternative Currency (other than Sterling or Canadian Dollars shall be Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans or, other than in the case of Amendment No. 6 Extended Revolving Loans, Eurocurrency Loans and , (iii) Sterling shall be SONIA Loans and (iv) Canadian Dollars shall be Canadian Primate Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans . 
 (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Borrowing, Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing, Term SOFR Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum provided that a Eurocurrency Borrowing , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing, Term SOFR Borrowing that results from a continuation of an outstanding Eurocurrency Borrowing , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to such outstanding Borrowing. ABR Borrowings may be in any amount. Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 500,000. Borrowings of more than one Type may be outstanding at the same time provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of 15 Eurocurrency Borrowings , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowings and Term SOFR Borrowings outstanding under a Facility at the same time. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing under a Facility if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date for such Facility. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, to the extent any Revolving Loan denominated in Dollars that bears interest at a rate based on LIBOR (as such term was defined in this Agreement prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date) is outstanding on the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date, such Revolving Loan shall continue to bear interest based on LIBOR until the end of the current Interest Period (as such term was defined in this Agreement prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date) applicable to such Revolving Loan and the provisions of this Agreement as in effect prior to the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date shall continue and remain in effect notwithstanding the occurrence of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date until the end of the applicable Interest Period for any such Revolving Loan, after which such provisions shall have no further force and effect. 
 
 77 

Section 2.03 Requests for Borrowings . 
 (a) To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request in writing (1) x i in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 3 00 p.m., New York City time, three Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing and (ii) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, not later than 3 00 p.m., New York City time, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing , y iii in the case of a Eurocurrency Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in any Alternative Currency or a SONIA Loan, not later than 12 00 p.m., New York City time (or 3 00 p.m., New York City time, in the case of Borrowings denominated in Canadian Dollars) four Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing and (z) in the case of any Eurocurrency Borrowing to be made on the Effective Date, such shorter period of time as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent or (2) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 12 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be delivered by hand delivery, facsimile or other electronic transmission to the Administrative Agent and shall be signed by the Borrower. Each such Borrowing Request shall specify the following information 
 (i) the Facility, Class and Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted 
 (ii) the aggregate amount of such Borrowing 
 (iii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iv) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing, a Eurocurrency Borrowing, Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing, Term SOFR Borrowing or a SONIA Borrowing 
 (v) in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, a Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period 
 (vi) the location and number of the Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.04 and 
 (vii) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, the currency in which such Borrowing is to be denominated. 
 If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified as to (i) any Borrowing denominated in Dollars, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing, (ii) any Borrowing denominated in Sterling, then the requested Borrowing shall be a SONIA Borrowing, or (iii) any Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency, then the requested Borrowing shall be a Eurocurrency Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing , then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. If no currency is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested that the Borrowing 
 78 

be denominated in Dollars. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the applicable Facility and Class of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Borrowing Request with respect to the funding of any Revolving Loans or Term Loans on the Effective Date (i) may be made not later than one (1) Business Day prior to the Effective Date, (ii) may be conditioned upon the consummation of the Transactions on the Effective Date (and may be revoked if such condition is not satisfied) and (iii) shall not include any representation or statement as to the absence (or existence) of any default or event of default. 
 Section 2.04 Funding of Borrowings . 
 (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds in Dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency by 2 00 p.m., New York City time in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars or Canadian Dollars, or 10 00 a.m., New York City time in the case of any Borrowing denominated in any Alternative Currency (other than Canadian Dollars) to the Applicable Account of the Administrative Agent most-recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders provided that Swingline Loans shall be made pursuant to Section 2.23. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the Borrower designated by the Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request. 
 79 

(b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date (and, with respect to any ABR Loan, time) of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance on such assumption and in its sole discretion, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such share on demand of the Administrative Agent. If such Lender does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon demand of the Administrative Agent therefor, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower, and the Borrower agrees to pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand. The Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover from such Lender or the Borrower interest on such corresponding amount, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, the rate reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be its cost of funding such amount, or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to such Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.11. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Each Lender agrees, by becoming party to this agreement, that if such Lender should become a non-funding Lender as contemplated by this Section 2.04(b) and the Administrative Agent recovers any such unfunded principal and interest from the Borrower, the Borrower shall have a claim against such non-funding Lender for all principal and interest paid to Administrative Agent in respect of such non-funded Loan as well as for any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable laws) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such non-Funding Lender s failure to fund its Loan when due. 
 (c) Obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 9.03(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 9.03(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and, other than as expressly provided herein with respect to a Defaulting Lender, no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 9.03(c). 
 
 80 

Section 2.05 Interest Elections . 
 (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request or designated by Section 2.03 and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request or designated by Section 2.03. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Loan may be converted into or continued as a Loan denominated in a different currency but instead must be prepaid in the original currency of such Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section 2.05 shall not apply to Swingline Loans, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and confirmed promptly to the Administrative Agent by hand delivery, facsimile or other electronic transmission to the Administrative Agent in the form of a written Interest Election Request signed by the Borrower. 
 (c) Each Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.03 
 (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or , a Eurocurrency Borrowing , a Term SOFR Borrowing or an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is to be a Eurocurrency Borrowing, a Term SOFR Borrowing or an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. 
 81 

If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing, a Term SOFR Borrowing or an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the applicable Class of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency (other than Sterling) prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing, shall be continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing of one month. If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a SONIA Borrowing prior to the Interest Payment Date therefor, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, such SONIA Borrowing shall be continued as a SONIA Borrowing bearing interest at a rate based upon the applicable Daily Simple SONIA as of such Interest Payment Date. 
 Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing, (x) with respect to Loans denominated in Dollars, (i) no outstanding Borrowing under any Facility may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Eurocurrency Borrowing or Term SOFR Borrowing of Loans shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto or (y) with respect to a Revolving Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing under any Revolving Facility may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing or an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of greater than one month and (ii) unless repaid, (A) each Eurocurrency an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be continued as a Eurocurrency an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (B) each SONIA Borrowing shall automatically be converted to an ABR Borrowing denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the applicable Alternative Currency, if applicable) immediately. 
 Section 2.06 Termination and Reduction of Commitments . 
 (a) Revolving Commitments . Upon the prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (which notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly transmit to each of the Revolving Lenders), the Borrower shall have the right, without premium or penalty, on any day, permanently to terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments of any Class, as determined by the Borrower, in whole or in part provided that 
 (i) any such termination or reduction shall apply proportionately and permanently to reduce the Revolving Commitments of each of the Revolving Lenders of such Class, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may allocate any termination or reduction of 
 82 

Revolving Commitments among Classes of Revolving Commitments at its direction, 
 (ii) any partial reduction pursuant to this Section 2.06(a) shall be in an aggregate amount of at least 1,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, 
 (iii) after giving effect to such termination or reduction and to any prepayments of Revolving Loans or cancellation or cash collateralization of Letters of Credit made on the date thereof in accordance with this Agreement, the aggregate Dollar Amount of the Revolving Lenders Revolving Exposure for such Class shall not exceed the Total Revolving Commitments for such Class, and 
 (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Revolving Commitments, the LC Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit with respect to the applicable Revolving Facility exceeds the amount of Total Revolving Commitments thereunder, such sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. 
 Except as provided above, the amount of any such Revolving Commitment reduction shall not be applied to the LC Sublimit or the Swingline Sublimit unless otherwise specified by the Borrower. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower may rescind or postpone any notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments if such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of all of the applicable Revolving Facility, which refinancing is not consummated or is otherwise delayed. Unless previously terminated, all Revolving Commitments of a Class shall terminate on the Maturity Date applicable to such Class. 
 (b) Term Commitments . 
 (i) Unless previously terminated, the Initial Term Commitments shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the Effective Date and (ii) 11 59 p.m., New York City time, on August 8, 2017. 
 (ii) The Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Term Commitments of any Class provided that each reduction of the Term Commitments of any Class shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 and not less than 1,000,000. 
 (iii) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Term Commitments under paragraph (ii) of this Section at least one Business Day prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Term Lenders of the applicable Class of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable. Any termination or reduction of the Term Commitments of any Class shall be permanent. Each 
 83 

reduction of the Term Commitments of any Class shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Term Commitments of such Class. 
 Section 2. 07 Repayment of Loans Evidence of Debt . 
 (a) Revolving Loans . 
 (i) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (A) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Maturity Date, and (B) to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of such Swingline Loan of such Swingline Lender on the Maturity Date provided that on each date that a Revolving Loan is made while any Swingline Loan is outstanding under the same Facility, the Borrower shall repay all such Swingline Loans with the proceeds of such Revolving Loan then outstanding under such Facility. 
 (ii) If for any reason the aggregate Revolving Exposure under any Facility at any time exceeds the aggregate Revolving Commitments under that Facility (including after giving effect to any determination of the Dollar Amount of each Revolving Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency pursuant to Section 2.25), the Borrower shall, within five Business Days, prepay Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans and or cash collateralize the LC Exposure under such Facility in an aggregate amount equal to such excess provided that the Borrower shall not be required to cash collateralize the LC Exposure pursuant to this Section 2.07(a)(ii) unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans under such Facility such aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeds the aggregate Revolving Commitments for such Facility then in effect. 
 (b) Term Loans . The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Loan of such Lender as provided in Section 2.08. 
 (c) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof, the currency thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 84 

(e) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraphs (c) or (d) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein, provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to pay any amounts due hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the entries made pursuant to paragraphs (c) and (d) of this Section, the accounts maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall control. 
 (f) Any Lender may request through the Administrative Agent that Loans of any Class made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form provided by the Administrative Agent and approved by the Borrower. 
 Section 2.08 Amortization of Term Loans . 
 (a) Subject to adjustment pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section, the Borrower shall repay Term Loan Borrowings on the dates and in the amounts set forth on Annex I, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to but excluding the date of such payment provided that if any such date is not a Business Day, such payment shall be due on the next preceding Business Day. 
 (b) To the extent not previously paid, all Term Loans shall be due and payable on the Term Maturity Date applicable to such Term Loans, or, if such date is not a Business Day, on the next preceding Business Day. 
 (c) Any prepayment of a Borrowing of any Class of Term Loans (i) pursuant to Section 2.09(a)(i) shall be applied to reduce the subsequent scheduled and outstanding repayments of the Borrowings of such Class of Term Loans to be made pursuant to this Section as directed by the Borrower (and absent such direction in direct order of maturity) and (ii) pursuant to Section 2.09(b) or 2.09(c) shall be applied to reduce the subsequent scheduled and outstanding repayments of the Borrowings of such Class of Term Loans to be made pursuant to this Section, or, except as otherwise provided in any Refinancing Amendment, pursuant to the corresponding section of such Refinancing Amendment, in direct order of maturity. 
 (d) Prior to any repayment of any Borrowings of any Class of Term Loans hereunder, the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings of the applicable Class of Term Loans to be repaid and shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing (via hand delivery or facsimile) of such election not later than 3 00 p.m., New York City time, two Business Day before the scheduled date of such repayment. In the absence of a designation by the Borrower as described in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent shall make such designation in its reasonable discretion with a view, but no obligation, to minimize breakage costs owing under Section 2.14. Each repayment of a Borrowing of Term Loans shall be applied ratably to the Term Loans included in the repaid Borrowing. Repayments of Borrowings of Term Loans shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the amount repaid. 
 85 

Section 2.09 Prepayment of Loans . 
 (a) (i) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to the requirements of this Section provided that (A) upon prior notice in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section 2.09, the Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Revolving Borrowing in whole or in part without premium or penalty (but subject to Section 2.14) and (B) in the event that, on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Effective Date, the Borrower (i) makes any prepayment of Initial Term Loans in connection with any Repricing Transaction the primary purpose of which (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) is to decrease the Effective Yield on such Initial Term Loans or (ii) effects any amendment of this Agreement resulting in a Repricing Transaction the primary purpose of which (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) is to decrease the Effective Yield on the Initial Term Loans, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each of the applicable Lenders, (x) in the case of clause (i), a prepayment premium of 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans being prepaid in connection with such repricing Transaction and (y) in the case of clause (ii), an amount equal to 1.00 of the aggregate principal amount of the Initial Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to such amendment that are subject to an effective reduction in Effective Yield pursuant to such Repricing Transaction. 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may prepay the outstanding Term Loans on the following basis 
 (A) The Borrower shall have the right to make a voluntary prepayment of Loans at a discount to par (such prepayment, the Discounted Loan Prepayment pursuant to a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment, Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers or Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers, in each case made in accordance with this Section 2.09(a)(ii) provided that the Borrower shall not initiate any action under this Section 2.09(a)(ii) in order to make a Discounted Loan Prepayment unless (I) at least ten (10) Business Days shall have passed since the consummation of the most recent Discounted Loan Prepayment as a result of a prepayment made by the Borrower on the applicable Discounted Prepayment Effective Date or (II) at least three (3) Business Days shall have passed since the date the Borrower was notified that no Lender was willing to accept any prepayment of any Loan and or Other Loan at the Specified Discount, within the Discount Range or at any discount to par value, as applicable, or in the case of Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers, the date of the Borrower s election not to accept any Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers. 
 86 

(B) (1) Subject to the proviso to subsection (A) above, the Borrower may from time to time offer to make a Discounted Loan Prepayment by providing the Auction Agent with three (3) Business Days notice in the form of a Specified Discount Prepayment Notice provided that (I) any such offer shall be made available, at the sole discretion of the Borrower, to each Lender and or each Lender with respect to any Class of Loans on an individual tranche basis, (II) any such offer shall specify the aggregate principal amount offered to be prepaid (the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount with respect to each applicable tranche, the tranche or tranches of Loans subject to such offer and the specific percentage discount to par (the Specified Discount of such Loans to be prepaid (it being understood that different Specified Discounts and or Specified Discount Prepayment Amounts may be offered with respect to different tranches of Loans and, in such an event, each such offer will be treated as a separate offer pursuant to the terms of this Section), (III) the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than 10,000,000 and whole increments of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such offer shall remain outstanding through the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date. The Auction Agent will promptly provide each relevant Lender with a copy of such Specified Discount Prepayment Notice and a form of the Specified Discount Prepayment Response to be completed and returned by each such Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5 00 p.m., New York time, on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the relevant Lenders (the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date ). 
 (1) Each relevant Lender receiving such offer shall notify the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date whether or not it agrees to accept a prepayment of any of its relevant then outstanding Loans at the Specified Discount and, if so (such accepting Lender, a Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender ), the amount and the tranches of such Lender s Loans to be prepaid at such offered discount. Each acceptance of a Discounted Loan Prepayment by a Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender shall be irrevocable. Any Lender whose Specified Discount Prepayment Response is not received by the Auction Agent by the Specified Discount 
 87 

Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to accept the applicable Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment. 
 (2) If there is at least one Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender, the Borrower will make prepayment of outstanding Loans pursuant to this paragraph (B) to each Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender in accordance with the respective outstanding amount and tranches of Loans specified in such Lender s Specified Discount Prepayment Response given pursuant to subsection (2) provided that, if the aggregate principal amount of Loans accepted for prepayment by all Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders exceeds the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount, such prepayment shall be made pro-rata among the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders in accordance with the respective principal amounts accepted to be prepaid by each such Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender and the Auction Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the Specified Discount Proration ). The Auction Agent shall promptly, and in any case within three (3) Business Days following the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date, notify (I) the Borrower of the respective Lenders responses to such offer, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and the aggregate principal amount of the Discounted Loan Prepayment and the tranches to be prepaid, (II) each Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, and the aggregate principal amount and the tranches of Loans to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date and (III) each Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender of the Specified Discount Proration, if any, and confirmation of the principal amount, tranche and Type of Loans of such Lender to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date. Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such notice to the Borrower shall be due and payable by 
 88 

the Borrower on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with subsection (F) below (subject to subsection (J) below). 
 (C) (1) Subject to the proviso to subsection (A) above, the Borrower may from time to time solicit Discount Range Prepayment Offers by providing the Auction Agent with three (3) Business Days notice in the form of a Discount Range Prepayment Notice provided that (I) any such solicitation shall be extended, at the sole discretion of the Borrower, to each Lender and or each Lender with respect to any Class of Loans on an individual tranche basis, (II) any such notice shall specify the maximum aggregate principal amount of the relevant Loans (the Discount Range Prepayment Amount ), the tranche or tranches of Loans subject to such offer and the maximum and minimum percentage discounts to par (the Discount Range of the principal amount of such Loans with respect to each relevant tranche of Loans willing to be prepaid by the Borrower (it being understood that different Discount Ranges and or Discount Range Prepayment Amounts may be offered with respect to different tranches of Loans and, in such an event, each such offer will be treated as a separate offer pursuant to the terms of this Section), (III) the Discount Range Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than 10,000,000 and whole increments of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such solicitation by the Borrower shall remain outstanding through the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date. The Auction Agent will promptly provide each relevant Lender with a copy of such Discount Range Prepayment Notice and a form of the Discount Range Prepayment Offer to be submitted by a responding relevant Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5 00 p.m., New York time, on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the relevant Lenders (the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date ). Each relevant Lender s Discount Range Prepayment Offer shall be irrevocable and shall specify a discount to par within the Discount Range (the Submitted Discount at which such Lender is willing to allow prepayment of any or all of its then outstanding Loans of the applicable tranche or tranches and the maximum aggregate principal amount and tranches of such Lender s Loans (the Submitted Amount such Lender is willing to have prepaid at the Submitted Discount. Any Lender whose Discount Range Prepayment Offer is 
 89 

not received by the Auction Agent by the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to accept a Discounted Loan Prepayment of any of its Loans at any discount to their par value within the Discount Range. 
 (1) The Auction Agent shall review all Discount Range Prepayment Offers received on or before the applicable Discount Range Prepayment Response Date and shall determine (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) the Applicable Discount and Loans to be prepaid at such Applicable Discount in accordance with this subsection (C). The Borrower agrees to accept on the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date all Discount Range Prepayment Offers received by Auction Agent by the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date, in the order from the Submitted Discount that is the largest discount to par to the Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par, up to and including the Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par within the Discount Range (such Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par within the Discount Range being referred to as the Applicable Discount which yields a Discounted Loan Prepayment in an aggregate principal amount equal to the lower of (I) the Discount Range Prepayment Amount and (II) the sum of all Submitted Amounts. Each Lender that has submitted a Discount Range Prepayment Offer to accept prepayment at a discount to par that is larger than or equal to the Applicable Discount shall be deemed to have irrevocably consented to prepayment of Loans equal to its Submitted Amount (subject to any required proration pursuant to the following subsection (3)) at the Applicable Discount (each such Lender, a Participating Lender ). 
 (2) If there is at least one Participating Lender, the Borrower will prepay the respective outstanding Loans of each Participating Lender in the aggregate principal amount and of the tranches specified in such Lender s Discount Range Prepayment Offer at the Applicable Discount provided that if 
 90 

the Submitted Amount by all Participating Lenders offered at a discount to par greater than the Applicable Discount exceeds the Discounted Range Prepayment Amount, prepayment of the principal amount of the relevant Loans for those Participating Lenders whose Submitted Discount is a discount to par greater than or equal to the Applicable Discount (the Identified Participating Lenders shall be made pro-rata among the Identified Participating Lenders in accordance with the Submitted Amount of each such Identified Participating Lender and the Auction Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the Discount Range Proration ). The Auction Agent shall promptly, and in any case within five (5) Business Days following the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date, notify (I) the Borrower of the respective Lenders responses to such solicitation, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Applicable Discount, and the aggregate principal amount of the Discounted Loan Prepayment and the tranches to be prepaid, (II) each Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Applicable Discount, and the aggregate principal amount and tranches of Loans to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, (III) each Participating Lender of the aggregate principal amount and tranches of such Lender to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, and (z) if applicable, each Identified Participating Lender of the Discount Range Proration. Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such notice to the Borrower shall be due and payable by the Borrower on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with subsection (F) below (subject to subsection (J) below). 
 (D) (1) Subject to the proviso to subsection (A) above, the Borrower may from time to time solicit Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers by providing the Auction Agent with three (3) 
 91 

Business Days notice in the form of a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice provided that (I) any such solicitation shall be extended, at the sole discretion of the Borrower, to each Lender and or each Lender with respect to any Class of Loans on an individual tranche basis, (II) any such notice shall specify the maximum aggregate dollar amount of the Loans (the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount and the tranche or tranches of Loans the Borrower is willing to prepay at a discount (it being understood that different Solicited Discount Prepayment Amounts may be offered with respect to different tranches of Loans and, in such an event, each such offer will be treated as a separate offer pursuant to the terms of this Section), (III) the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate amount not less than 10,000,000 and whole increments of 1,000,000 in excess thereof and (IV) each such solicitation by the Borrower shall remain outstanding through the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date. The Auction Agent will promptly provide each relevant Lender with a copy of such Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice and a form of the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer to be submitted by a responding Lender to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5 00 p.m., New York time on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the relevant Lenders (the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date ). Each Lender s Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer shall (x) be irrevocable, (y) remain outstanding until the Acceptance Date, and (z) specify both a discount to par (the Offered Discount at which such Lender is willing to allow prepayment of its then outstanding Loan and the maximum aggregate principal amount and tranches of such Loans (the Offered Amount such Lender is willing to have prepaid at the Offered Discount. Any Lender whose Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer is not received by the Auction Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined prepayment of any of its Loans at any discount. 
 (1) The Auction Agent shall promptly provide the Borrower with a copy of all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received on or before the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date. The Borrower shall review all such Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers and select the largest of the Offered Discounts specified by the 
 92 

relevant responding Lenders in the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers that is acceptable to the Borrower (the Acceptable Discount ), if any. If the Borrower elects to accept any Offered Discount as the Acceptable Discount, then as soon as practicable after the determination of the Acceptable Discount, but in no event later than by the third Business Day after the date of receipt by the Borrower from the Auction Agent of a copy of all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers pursuant to the first sentence of this subsection (2) (the Acceptance Date ), the Borrower shall submit an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice to the Auction Agent setting forth the Acceptable Discount. If the Auction Agent shall fail to receive an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice from the Borrower by the Acceptance Date, the Borrower shall be deemed to have rejected all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers. 
 (2) Based upon the Acceptable Discount and the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received by Auction Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date, within three (3) Business Days after receipt of an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice (the Discounted Prepayment Determination Date ), the Auction Agent will determine (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) the aggregate principal amount and the tranches of Loans (the Acceptable Prepayment Amount to be prepaid by the Borrower at the Acceptable Discount in accordance with this Section 2.09(a)(ii)(D)). If the Borrower elects to accept any Acceptable Discount, then the Borrower agrees to accept all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received by Auction Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date, in the order from largest Offered Discount to smallest Offered Discount, up to and including the Acceptable Discount. Each Lender that has submitted a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer with an Offered Discount that is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount shall be deemed to have irrevocably consented to prepayment of Loans equal to its Offered Amount 
 93 

(subject to any required pro-rata reduction pursuant to the following sentence) at the Acceptable Discount (each such Lender, a Qualifying Lender ). The Borrower will prepay outstanding Loans pursuant to this subsection (D) to each Qualifying Lender in the aggregate principal amount and of the tranches specified in such Lender s Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer at the Acceptable Discount provided that if the aggregate Offered Amount by all Qualifying Lenders whose Offered Discount is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount exceeds the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount, prepayment of the principal amount of the Loans for those Qualifying Lenders whose Offered Discount is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount (the Identified Qualifying Lenders shall be made pro rata among the Identified Qualifying Lenders in accordance with the Offered Amount of each such Identified Qualifying Lender and the Auction Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Auction Agent made in its sole reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the Solicited Discount Proration ). On or prior to the Discounted Prepayment Determination Date, the Auction Agent shall promptly notify (I) the Borrower of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and Acceptable Prepayment Amount comprising the Discounted Loan Prepayment and the tranches to be prepaid, (II) each Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Acceptable Discount, and the Acceptable Prepayment Amount of all Loans and the tranches to be prepaid to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, (III) each Qualifying Lender of the aggregate principal amount and the tranches of such Lender to be prepaid at the Acceptable Discount on such date, and (IV) if applicable, each Identified Qualifying Lender of the Solicited Discount Proration. Each determination by the Auction Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such notice to the Borrower shall be due and payable by the Borrower on the Discounted Prepayment 
 94 

Effective Date in accordance with subsection (F) below (subject to subsection (J) below). 
 (E) In connection with any Discounted Loan Prepayment, the Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Auction Agent may require as a condition to any Discounted Loan Prepayment, the payment of customary fees and expenses from the Borrower in connection therewith. 
 (F) If any Loan is prepaid in accordance with paragraphs (B) through (D) above, the Borrower shall prepay such Loans on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date. The Borrower shall make such prepayment to the Auction Agent, for the account of the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders, Participating Lenders, or Qualifying Lenders, as applicable, at the Administrative Agent s Office in immediately available funds not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and all such prepayments shall be applied to the remaining principal installments of the relevant tranche of Loans on a pro rata basis across such installments. The Loans so prepaid shall be accompanied by all accrued and unpaid interest on the par principal amount so prepaid up to, but not including, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date. Each prepayment of the outstanding Loans pursuant to this Section 2.09(a)(ii) shall be paid to the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders, Participating Lenders, or Qualifying Lenders, as applicable. The aggregate principal amount of the tranches and installments of the relevant Loans outstanding shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate principal amount of the tranches of Loans prepaid on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in any Discounted Loan Prepayment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Loans may not be prepaid in accordance with this Section 2.09(a)(ii) with the proceeds of any Revolving Loans. 
 (G) To the extent not expressly provided for herein, each Discounted Loan Prepayment shall be consummated pursuant to procedures consistent, with the provisions in this Section 2.09(a)(ii), established by the Auction Agent acting in its reasonable discretion and as reasonably agreed by the Borrower. 
 95 

(H) Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, for purposes of this Section 2.09(a)(ii), each notice or other communication required to be delivered or otherwise provided to the Auction Agent (or its delegate) shall be deemed to have been given upon Auction Agent s (or its delegate s) actual receipt during normal business hours of such notice or communication provided that any notice or communication actually received outside of normal business hours shall be deemed to have been given as of the opening of business on the next Business Day. 
 (I) Each of the Borrower and the Lenders acknowledges and agrees that the Auction Agent may perform any and all of its duties under this Section 2.09(a)(ii) by itself or through any Affiliate of the Auction Agent and expressly consents to any such delegation of duties by the Auction Agent to such Affiliate and the performance of such delegated duties by such Affiliate. The exculpatory provisions pursuant to this Agreement shall apply to each Affiliate of the Auction Agent and its respective activities in connection with any Discounted Loan Prepayment provided for in this Section 2.09(a)(ii) as well as activities of the Auction Agent. 
 (J) The Borrower shall have the right, by written notice to the Auction Agent, to revoke in full (but not in part) its offer to make a Discounted Loan Prepayment and rescind the applicable Specified Discount Prepayment Notice, Discount Range Prepayment Notice or Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice therefor at its discretion at any time on or prior to the applicable Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date (and if such offer is revoked pursuant to the preceding clauses, any failure by the Borrower to make any prepayment to a Lender, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 2.09(a)(ii) shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default under Section 7.01 or otherwise). 
 96 

(b) In the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of Holdings, any Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any Prepayment Event, the Borrower shall, within ten Business Days after such Net Proceeds are received (or, in the case of a Prepayment Event described in clause (b) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event, on the date of such Prepayment Event), prepay Term Loans in an aggregate amount equal to the Disposition Percentage (or, in the case of a Prepayment Event described in clause (b) of the definition of Prepayment Event , 100 of the amount of such Net Proceeds provided that, in the case of any event described in clause (a) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event, if the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries invest (or commit to invest) the Net Proceeds from such event (or a portion thereof) within 12 months after receipt of such Net Proceeds in assets useful in the business of the Borrower and the other Subsidiaries (including capital expenditures and Permitted Acquisitions or similar Investments permitted under Section 6.04), then no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this paragraph in respect of such Net Proceeds in respect of such event (or the applicable portion of such Net Proceeds, if applicable) except to the extent of any such Net Proceeds therefrom that have not been so invested (or committed to be invested) by the end of such 12-month period (or if committed to be so invested within such 12-month period, have not been so invested within 18 months after receipt thereof), at which time a prepayment shall be required in an amount equal to such Net Proceeds that have not been so invested (or committed to be invested) provided further , that the Borrower may use a portion of such Net Proceeds to prepay or repurchase any other Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Borrowings to the extent such other Indebtedness and the Liens securing the same are permitted hereunder and the documentation governing such other Indebtedness requires such a prepayment or repurchase thereof with the proceeds of such Prepayment Event, in each case in an amount not to exceed the product of (x) the amount of such Net Proceeds and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the outstanding principal amount of such other Indebtedness and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Term Loans and such other Indebtedness. 
 (c) Following the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018, the Borrower shall prepay Term Loans in an aggregate amount equal to the ECF Percentage of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year provided that, at the Borrower s option, such amount shall be reduced by the aggregate amount of prepayments of (i) Loans made pursuant to Section 2.09(a) provided that such reduction as a result of prepayments pursuant to clause (ii) thereof shall (x) be limited to the actual amount of such cash prepayment and (y) only be applicable if the applicable prepayment offer was made to all Lenders) and (ii) other Consolidated First Lien Debt provided that in the case of the prepayment of any revolving commitments, there is a corresponding reduction in commitments) and or any Indebtedness under the Second Lien Credit Agreement, in each case made during such fiscal year or after year-end and prior to the time such Excess Cash Flow prepayment is due (without duplication of any such credit in any prior or subsequent fiscal year) and excluding, in each case, all such prepayments funded with the proceeds of other long-term Indebtedness or the issuance of Equity Interests) (with the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio of the Borrower for purposes of determining the applicable ECF Percentage, recalculated to give pro forma effect to any cash pay down or reductions made after year end and prior to the time such Excess Cash Flow Payment is due). Each prepayment pursuant to this paragraph shall be made on or before the date that is five Business Days after the date on which financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 with respect to the fiscal year for which Excess Cash Flow is being calculated. 
 97 

(d) Prior to any optional or mandatory prepayment of Borrowings hereunder, the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and shall specify such selection in the notice of such prepayment pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section. In the event of any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans made at a time when more than one Class of Term Loans remain outstanding, the Borrower shall select the Term Loans to be prepaid so that the aggregate amount of such prepayment is allocated between such Classes of Term Loans (and, to the extent provided in the Refinancing Amendment for any Class of Other Loans, the Borrowings of such Class) pro rata based on the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Borrowings of each such Class (except for any mandatory prepayments with the Net Proceeds of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness for a particular Class and except to the extent that the Lenders of a particular Class have agreed to less than pro rata treatment) provided that any Lender (and, to the extent provided in the Refinancing Amendment for any Class of Other Loans, any Lender that holds Other Loans of such Class) may elect, by notice to the Administrative Agent in writing (via hand delivery or facsimile) at least one Business Day prior to the prepayment date, to decline all or any portion of any prepayment of its Loans or Other Loans of any such Class pursuant to this Section (other than an optional prepayment pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this Section or a mandatory prepayment as a result of the Prepayment Event set forth in clause (b) of the definition thereof, which may not be declined), in which case the aggregate amount of the prepayment that would have been applied to prepay Loans or Other Loans of any such Class but was so declined shall be applied (or offered to be applied) to make a mandatory prepayment of the Second Lien Facility to the extent required by the Second Lien Credit Agreement, and any amounts not required to be applied to the Second Lien Facility and or declined by the lenders under the Second Lien Facility may be retained by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (such amounts, Retained Declined Proceeds ). Optional prepayments of Borrowings shall be allocated among the Classes of Borrowings as directed by the Borrower. In the absence of a designation by the Borrower as described in the preceding provisions of this paragraph of the Type of Borrowing of any Class, the Administrative Agent shall make such designation in its reasonable discretion with a view, but no obligation, to minimize breakage costs owing under Section 2.14. 
 98 

(e) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) in writing (via hand delivery, facsimile or other electronic communication) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m., New York City time, one Business Day before the date of prepayment and (ii) in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, Term SOFR Borrowing, Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing, not later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars or Canadian Dollars, or London time in the case of any Borrowing denominated in any other Alternative Currency), three Business Days before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid and, in the case of a mandatory prepayment, a reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment provided that, so long as the Administrative Agent is notified prior to the prepayment date, a notice of optional prepayment may state that such notice is conditional upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of other Indebtedness or the occurrence of some other identifiable event or condition, in which case such notice of prepayment may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified date of prepayment) if such condition is not satisfied. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type and currency as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.11. At the Borrower s election in connection with any prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.09, such prepayment shall not be applied to any Loan of a Defaulting Lender and shall be allocated ratably among the relevant non-Defaulting Lenders. 
 99 

(f) Notwithstanding any other provisions of Section 2.09(b) or (c), (A) to the extent that any of or all the Net Proceeds of any Prepayment Event set forth in clause (a) of the definition thereof by a Foreign Subsidiary giving rise to a prepayment pursuant to Section 2.09(b) (a Foreign Prepayment Event or Excess Cash Flow are prohibited or delayed by any Requirement of Law from being repatriated to the Borrower, the portion of such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Loans at the times provided in Section 2.09(b) or (c), as the case may be, and such amounts may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary so long as the applicable Requirement of Law will not permit repatriation to the Borrower (the Borrower hereby agreeing to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to promptly take all actions reasonably required by the applicable Requirement of Law to permit such repatriation), and to the extent such repatriation of any of such affected Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow becomes permitted under the applicable Requirement of Law, such repatriation will be promptly effected and such repatriated Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow will be promptly (and in any event not later than three Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional Taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) to the repayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.09(b) or (c), as applicable, and (B) to the extent that and for so long as the Borrower has determined in good faith that repatriation of any of or all the Net Proceeds of any Foreign Prepayment Event or Excess Cash Flow would have a material adverse tax consequence (taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit actually realized in connection with such repatriation) with respect to such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, the Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected will not be required to be applied to repay Loans at the times provided in Section 2.09(b) or (c), as the case may be, and such amounts may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary provided that if the Borrower determines in good faith that repatriation of any of or all the Net Proceeds of any Foreign Prepayment Event or Excess Cash Flow would no longer have a material adverse tax consequence (taking into account any foreign tax credit or benefit actually realized in connection with such repatriation) with respect to such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow, such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow shall be promptly (and in any event not later than three Business Days after such repatriation) applied (net of additional taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) to the repayment of the Loans pursuant to Section 2.09(b) or (c), as applicable. 
 Section 2.10 Fees . 
 (a) Commitment Fee . The Borrower agrees to pay in Dollars to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Lenders (based on their Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Exposure) a commitment fee, which shall accrue at the Commitment Fee Rate on the average daily amount of the Available Revolving Commitment of the Revolving Lenders during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which the Lenders Revolving Commitments terminate. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears in accordance with clause (c) below. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). For purposes of calculating the commitment fees only, no portion of the Revolving Commitments shall be deemed utilized as a result of outstanding Swingline Loans. 
 100 

(b) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrower agrees to pay in Dollars to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans under the Revolving Facility on the daily amount of such Revolving Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) under the Revolving Facility, during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Revolving Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure. In addition, the Borrower agrees to pay to each Issuing Bank, for its own account, a fronting fee, in respect of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank to the Borrower for the period from the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit through the expiration date of such Letter of Credit (or if terminated on an earlier date to the termination date of such Letter of Credit), computed at a rate equal to 0.125 per annum or such other percentage per annum to be agreed upon between the Borrower and such Issuing Bank of the daily outstanding amount of such Letter of Credit, as well as such Issuing Bank s standard fees with respect to the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of each calendar month of March, June, September and December shall be payable in accordance with clause (c) below provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed. 
 (c) Subject to clause (d) below, all interest, commitment fees under Section 2.10(a) and participation and fronting fees under Section 2.10(b), in each case payable hereunder, shall accrue through and including, and be due and payable in arrears on, the last day of each calendar month of March, June, September and December and, as applicable, on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate (other than as set forth under the definition of Interest Payment Date ). The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent, from time to time without prior notice to the Borrower, to charge all such amounts that are due and payable to the loan account of the Borrower provided that such amounts shall not be charged to any loan account until (5) Business Days after the Administrative Agent has provided the Borrower with an invoice for any such amount). Any such amounts payable hereunder that are charged to a loan account shall thereupon constitute Loans under the Revolving Facility and shall, (i) if denominated in Dollars or Canadian Dollars, initially accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Loans comprising ABR Borrowings or Canadian Prime Rate Borrowings, respectively (unless and until converted, if applicable, into Eurocurrency Borrowings in accordance with the terms of this Agreement), (ii) if denominated in an Alternative Currency (other than Sterling or Canadian Dollars ), initially accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Loans comprising Eurocurrency Borrowings, Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowings with an Interest Period of one month or (iii) if denominated in Sterling, initially accrue interest at the rate then applicable to SONIA Loans. 
 (d) The Borrower shall pay to the Agents such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever (except as expressly agreed between the Borrower and each applicable Agent). 
 101 

(e) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the applicable Issuing Bank in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any amounts to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 2.10. 
 2.11 Interest . 
 (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b) The Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBO Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate provided that each Eurocurrency Borrowing on the Effective Date shall bear interest at 1.17 plus the Applicable Rate. The Loans comprising each Term SOFR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Term SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. The Loans comprising each Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. The Loans comprising each SONIA Borrowing shall bear interest at Daily Simple SONIA plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on any Loan or any fee or other amount payable by the Borrower hereunder is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any Loan, 2.00 per annum plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other overdue amount, 2.00 per annum plus the rate applicable to Term Loans that are ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section provided that no amount shall be payable pursuant to this Section 2.11(c) to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender provided further , that no amounts shall accrue pursuant to this Section 2.11(c) on any overdue amount or other amount payable to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. 
 (d) Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurocurrency Loan, Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loan or Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 102 

(e) All computations of interest for ABR Loans (including ABR Loans determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate) and SONIA Loans shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.16, bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 2.12 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a) If at least two Business Days prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Borrowing , an Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing, a Term SOFR Borrowing or a SONIA Borrowing 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining Daily Simple SONIA or , the Adjusted LIBO Rate , Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Rate for such Interest Period with respect to a Borrowing or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the Daily Simple SONIA, Adjusted LIBO Rate , Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period (in each case with respect to the Loans impacted by this clause (b) or clause (a) above, Impacted Loans ), 
 then, in the case of clause (a) or (b) above, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof (and, if requested by the Borrower, reasonably acceptable evidence of such determination) to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, facsimile or other electronic communication as promptly as practicable thereafter. 
 Upon receipt of such notice and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency Borrowing, a Term SOFR Borrowing, Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Borrowing or SONIA Borrowing, as applicable, shall be ineffective, (ii) all Borrowings denominated in Dollars shall be made as an ABR Borrowing and the utilization of the LIBO Rate or Term SOFR Rate (as applicable) component in determining the Alternate Base Rate shall be suspended, and (iii) all Borrowings denominated in Canadian Dollars shall be made as a Canadian Prime Rate Borrowing, (iv) all Borrowings denominated in Sterling shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency and (v) all Borrowings denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made as Loans bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually acceptable to the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders, provided , however , that if the Borrower and the applicable Revolving Lenders cannot agree within a reasonable time on an alternative rate for such Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower may, at its 
 103 

discretion, either (i) prepay such Loans, (ii) convert such Loans into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) or (iii) in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, maintain such Loans outstanding, in which case, the interest rate payable to the applicable Lender on such Loans will be the rate determined by the Administrative Agent as its cost of funds to fund a Borrowing of such Loans with maturities comparable to the Interest Period applicable thereto plus the Applicable Rate provided, however , that, in each case, the Borrower may revoke any Borrowing Request that is pending when such notice is received. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in clause (a)(i) of this Section 2.12 and or is advised by the Required Lenders of their determination in accordance with clause (a)(ii) of this Section 2.12 and the Borrower shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend the definition of LIBO Rate and other applicable provisions to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change provided that, until so amended, such Impacted Loans will be handled as otherwise provided pursuant to the terms of this Section 2.12. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document,if the Administrative Agent or the Borrower reasonably determines in good faith, with consent by the other not to be unreasonably withheld, that the circumstances described in clause (a)(i) of this Section 2.12 have arisen (other than with respect to the Term SOFR Rate) (and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary) (any such event, an Alternative Currency SONIA Benchmark Replacement Event ),, then, such Alternative Currency SONIA Benchmark Replacement will replace such Alternative Currency Term Benchmark or SONIA for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Alternative Currency Term Benchmark or SONIA setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Alternative Currency SONIA Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Alternative Currency SONIA Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 104 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (f) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.12, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.12. 
 105 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (h) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any request for a Term SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for a Term SOFR Borrowing into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to an ABR Borrowing. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term SOFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to the Term SOFR Rate, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.12, any Term SOFR Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan on such day. 
 Section 2.13 Increased Costs . 
 (a) If any Change in Law shall 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate) or any Issuing Bank or 
 (ii) impose on any Lender, any Issuing Bank or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than with respect to Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Loans, Term SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans or SONIA Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein or 
 106 

(iii) subject any Lender or Issuing Bank to any Taxes on its Loans, letters of credit, Commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurocurrency Loan or SONIA such Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender or Issuing Bank or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then, from time to time upon request of such Lender or Issuing Bank, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank for such increased costs actually incurred or reduction actually suffered, provided that to the extent any such costs or reductions are incurred by any Lender or Issuing Bank as a result of any requests, rules, guidelines or directives enacted or promulgated under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and Basel III after the Effective Date, then such Lender or Issuing Bank shall be compensated pursuant to this Section 2.13(a) only to the extent such Lender or Issuing Bank is imposing such charges on similarly situated borrowers under the other syndicated credit facilities under which such Lender is a lender or such Issuing Bank is a letter of credit issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph will not apply to (A) Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes or (B) Excluded Taxes. 
 (b) If any Lender or Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements), then, from time to time upon request of such Lender or Issuing Bank, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction actually suffered. 
 (c) A certificate of a Lender or Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or Issuing Bank or such Lender s or Issuing Bank s holding company in reasonable detail, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 15 days after receipt thereof. 
 (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further , that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 107 

Section 2.14 Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Loan or Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default) or SONIA Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date therefor (including as a result of an Event of Default), (b) the conversion of any Eurocurrency Loan or Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto or the conversion of any SONIA Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date therefor, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.09(e) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the assignment of any SONIA Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date thereof or any Eurocurrency Loan or Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.17 or Section 9.02(c), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall, after receipt of a written request by any Lender affected by any such event (which request shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting such amount), compensate each Lender under the relevant Facility for the actual loss, cost and expense attributable to such event (including, without limitation, any loss, cost, expense or liability incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds required by such Lender to fund its Eurocurrency Loans , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans or SONIA Loans). A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 15 days after receipt of such demand. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 2.14 will not apply to losses, costs or expenses resulting from Taxes, as to which Section 2.15 shall govern. 
 Section 2.15 Taxes . 
 (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Requirements of Law. If the applicable Withholding Agent shall be required by applicable Requirements of Law to withhold or deduct any Taxes from such payments, then (i) the applicable Withholding Agent shall make such withholdings or deductions, (ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law and (iii) if the Tax in question is an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax, the amount payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required deductions of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes have been made (including deductions applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section 2.15) the Administrative Agent, any Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholdings or deductions of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes been made. 
 (b) Without limiting the provisions of paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Requirements of Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for the payment of any other Taxes. 
 108 

(c) Without duplication of amounts paid by the Borrower pursuant to Sections 2.15(a) or (b), the Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank, within 30 days after written demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.15) payable or paid by, or required to be withheld from a payment to, the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. Any Lender or Issuing Bank seeking indemnity pursuant to this Section 2.15(c) shall promptly notify the Borrower of the imposition of the relevant Indemnified or Other Taxes. A certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation of the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender, an Issuing Bank or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by a Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.15, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (e) (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.15(e)(ii)(1), (ii)(2) and (ii)(4) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
 (i) Without limiting the foregoing 
 (1) any Lender that is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is 
 109 

exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (2) each Lender that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which it becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) whichever of the following is applicable 
 (A) in the case of such a Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty, 
 (B) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI, 
 (C) in the case of such a Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit P-1 to the effect that such Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies 
 110 

of IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E, or 
 (D) to the extent such Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W- 8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit P-2 or Exhibit P-3, IRS Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if such Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit P-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (3) each Lender that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made and 
 (4) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall 
 111 

deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (4), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 (ii) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, on or prior to the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement, either (i) two duly completed copies of IRS Form W-9, or (ii) two duly completed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, with the effect that the Borrower may make payments to the Administrative Agent, to the extent such payments are received by the Administrative Agent as an intermediary, without deduction or withholding of any Taxes imposed by the United States. The Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 112 

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (g) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (g). 
 (h) The agreements in this Section 2.15 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Section 2.15, the term Requirements of Law includes FATCA. 
 
 113 

Section 2.16Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Sharing of Setoffs . 
 (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it under any Loan Document (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Section 2.13, 2.14 or 2.15, or otherwise) prior to the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 2 00 p.m. (New York City time in the case of payments denominated in Dollars or Canadian Dollars, or London time in the case of any payments denominated in an Alternative Currency)), on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without setoff or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to such account as may be specified by the Administrative Agent, except payments to be made directly to any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment (other than payments on the Eurocurrency Loans, Term SOFR Loans and the Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans) under any Loan Document shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a Eurocurrency Loan , Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the case of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding two sentences, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate for the period of such extension. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of or interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all such payments shall be made in Dollars to such account as may be specified by the Administrative Agent. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of or interest on Loans denominated in Dollars, all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be made in such Alternative Currency to such account as may be specified by the Administrative Agent. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Requirements of Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Amount of the Alternative Currency payment amount. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due under any Facility, such funds shall be applied, (1) first , towards payment of interest and fees then due under such Facility, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (2) second , towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal then due to such parties. 
 114 

(c) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans of a given Class or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans of such Class or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with outstanding Loans of the same Class or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of such Class or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans of such Class or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans, provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (A) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from existence of a Defaulting Lender), (B) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant or (C) any disproportionate payment obtained by a Lender of any Class or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans as a result of the extension by Lenders of the maturity date or expiration date of some but not all Loans of that Class or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans or any increase in the Applicable Rate in respect of Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans of Lenders that have consented to any such extension. The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or Issuing Banks hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption and in its sole discretion, distribute to the Lenders or Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 (e) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.04(a), 2.04(b), 2.16(d) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and in the order determined by the Administrative Agent (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Section until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and to be applied to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under any such Section. 
 115 

Section 2.17 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders . 
 (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.13, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority or other recipient for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.15 or any event that gives rise to the operation of Section 2.21, then following request by the Borrower such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or participations in any Letters of Credit affected by such event, or to assign and delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment and delegation (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.13 or Section 2.15 or mitigate the applicability of Section 2.21, as the case may be, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not be inconsistent with the internal policies of, or otherwise be disadvantageous in any material economic, legal or regulatory respect to, such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.13 or gives notice under Section 2.21, (ii) the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or to any Governmental Authority or other recipient for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.15, or (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment and delegation), provided that (A) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent to the extent such consent would be required under Section 9.04(b) for an assignment of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, which consents, in each case, shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, (B) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and unreimbursed participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued but unpaid interest thereon, accrued but unpaid fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (C) the Borrower or such assignee shall have paid (unless waived) to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 9.04(b)(ii) and (D) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.13, payment required to be made pursuant to Section 2.15 or a notice given under Section 2.21, such assignment will result in a material reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise (including as a result of any action taken by such Lender under paragraph (a) above), the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. Each party hereto agrees that an assignment required pursuant to this paragraph may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and that the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto. 
 Section 2.18 Increased Loans and Commitments . 
 (a) At any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may, by notice to the Administrative Agent 
 116 

(whereupon the Administrative Agent shall promptly make available to each of the Lenders), request to effect (x) one or more increases in the Revolving Commitments of any Revolving Facility (each such increase, an Incremental Revolving Increase or, solely to the extent set forth in Section 2.18(e) below, provide commitment under a new Revolving Facility (an Incremental Revolving Facility and or (y) one or more increases in the aggregate amount of Term Loans of any Class then outstanding or one or more additional tranches of term loans hereunder in the form of an additional tranche of term loans comprising a new Class hereunder (each such increase of term loans or additional tranche of term loans, an Incremental Term Loan ), in each case from one or more the Additional Lenders (which may include any Lender (each of which shall be entitled to agree or decline to participate in its sole discretion), but the Borrower shall not be obligated to offer to any Lender the opportunity to participate in any Incremental Facility) provided that at the time of each such request and upon the effectiveness of each Incremental Facility Amendment, (A) (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing (except in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, which shall be subject to no continuing Event of Default under clauses (a), (b), (h) or (i) of Section 7.01) or shall result therefrom and (ii) the representations and warranties set forth Article III shall be true and correct in all material respects (except in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or any other Investment not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement, which shall be subject to, if and only to the extent required by the Lenders providing such Incremental Facility, customary SunGard or certain funds conditionality), (B) the maturity date of any Incremental Term Loans shall not be earlier than the Initial Term Maturity Date and the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Incremental Term Loans shall not be shorter than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Initial Term Loans provided that this clause (B) shall not apply to up to 75,000,000 in Incremental Term Loans as selected by the Borrower), (C) the pricing, interest rate margins, rate floors, fees, premiums, funding discounts and, subject to clause (B), the maturity and amortization schedule for any Incremental Facility shall be determined by the Borrower and the applicable Additional Lenders, (D)(i) the Incremental Facility shall be secured solely by the Collateral on an equal and ratable basis with the Secured Obligations and (ii) no Incremental Facility shall be guaranteed by entities other than the Guarantors, (E) any Incremental Facility shall be on terms and pursuant to documentation to be determined by the Borrower and the applicable Additional Lenders provided , that to the extent such terms and documentation with respect to any Incremental Term Loans are not consistent with the Initial Term Loans (except to the extent permitted by clause (B) or (C) above), they shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (except for covenants or other provisions applicable only to the periods after the Latest Maturity Date) (it being understood that, to the extent that any financial maintenance covenant or any other term more favorable to the Additional Lenders than the terms of this Agreement is added for the benefit of any Incremental Term Facility, no consent shall be required from the Administrative Agent or any of the then existing Term Lenders to the extent that such financial maintenance covenant or other such term is (1) also added for the benefit of any existing Term Loans or (2) only applicable after the Latest Maturity Date) and (F) such Incremental Facility may be provided in any currency as mutually agreed among the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the applicable Additional Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to contrary herein, the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of all Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Facilities and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Incremental Equivalent Debt incurred after the Effective Date pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(xxiii) shall not at the time of incurrence of any such Incremental Facility (which, in the case of any Incremental Revolving Increase or Incremental Revolving Facility, shall be the time of effectiveness of the commitments therefor) or Incremental Equivalent Debt (and after giving effect to such incurrence) exceed the Incremental Cap at such time. Each Incremental Facility 
 117 

shall be in a minimum principal amount of the Dollar Amount of 10,000,000 and integral multiples of the Dollar Amount of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise agree) provided that such amount may be less than the Dollar Amount of 10,000,000 if such amount represents all the remaining availability set forth above at the time of determination. 
 (b) In the event that, only during the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the Applicable Rates for any Incremental Term Loan incurred pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of Incremental Cap and which (i) (together with all previously incurred Incremental Term Loans) are issued in an aggregate principal amount in excess of 75,000,000 and (ii) have a maturity date less than two years after the Latest Maturity Date, are greater than the Applicable Rates for the Initial Term Loans by more than 0.50 per annum, then the Applicable Rates for the Initial Term Loans shall be increased to the extent necessary so that the Applicable Rates for the Initial Term Loans are equal to the Applicable Rates for such Incremental Term Loans minus 0.50 per annum provided that with respect to any Incremental Term Loans that do not bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate, for purposes of calculating the applicable increase (if any) in the Applicable Rates for the Initial Term Loans in the preceding provisos, the Applicable Rate for such Incremental Term Loans shall be deemed to be the interest rate (calculated after giving effect to any increases required pursuant to the immediately succeeding proviso) of such Incremental Term Loans minus the then applicable LIBO Rate provided further , that in determining the Applicable Rates applicable to the Initial Term Loans and such Incremental Term Loans, (x) original issue discount OID or upfront fees (which shall be deemed, solely for purposes of this clause (x) , to constitute like amounts of OID) or other fees payable by the Borrower to the Lenders of the Initial Term Loans and such Incremental Term Loans in the initial primary syndication thereof shall be included (with OID or upfront fees or other fees being equated to interest based on an assumed four-year life to maturity), (y) (1) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, to the extent that the LIBO Rate for a three-month interest period on the closing date of the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment is less than 1.00 , the amount of such difference shall be deemed added to the Applicable Rate for the Initial Term Loans solely for the purpose of determining whether an increase in the Applicable Rate for the Initial Term Loans shall be required and (2) with respect to such Incremental Term Loans, to the extent that the LIBO Rate for a three-month interest period on the closing date of the applicable Incremental Facility Amendment is less than the interest rate floor, if any, applicable to such Incremental Term Loans, the amount of such difference shall be deemed added to the Applicable Rate for such Incremental Term Loans solely for the purpose of determining whether an increase in the Applicable Rate for the Initial Term Loans shall be required and (z) any arrangement, commitment or similar fees payable to the Lead Arrangers (or their respective Affiliates) in connection with the Initial Term Loans or to one or more arrangers (or their Affiliates) or other providers of such Incremental Term Loans shall be excluded. 
 (c) (i) Each notice from the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall set forth the requested amount of the relevant Incremental Facility. 
 (i) Commitments in respect of any Incremental Facility shall become Commitments under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Facility Amendment to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents executed by the Borrower, such Additional Lender and the Administrative Agent. Commitments in respect of any Incremental Facility may be provided, subject to the prior 
 118 

written consent of the Borrower (not to be unreasonably withheld), by any existing Lender (it being understood that no existing Lender shall have any right to participate in any Incremental Facility or, unless it agrees, be obligated to provide any Commitments in respect of any Incremental Facility) or by any Additional Lender. An Incremental Facility Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to any Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, to (x) effect the provisions of this Section and or (y) so long as such amendments are not, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, materially adverse to the Lenders, maintain the fungibility of any such Incremental Facility with any Class of then-outstanding Loans hereunder. 
 (d) Upon the effectiveness of each Incremental Facility pursuant to this Section, each Additional Lender shall extend revolving commitments or make additional term loans, as applicable, to the Borrower in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Commitments in respect of such Incremental Facility. Any such revolving commitments shall be Revolving Commitments for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and any such term loans shall be Term Loans for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (e) Any Incremental Revolving Facility (other than an Incremental Revolving Increase) shall be in the form of a separate first-in, last-out or last-out tranche (the FILO Tranche with interest rate margins, rate floors, upfront fees, funding discounts and original issue discounts and advance rates, in each case to be agreed upon (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not require any adjustment to the Applicable Rate or other Revolving Facility) among the Borrower and the Additional Lenders providing the FILO Tranche so long as (1) any loans and related obligations in respect of the FILO Tranche are not be guaranteed by any Person other than the Guarantors and are not secured by any assets other than Collateral (2) as between (x) the Revolving Loans (other than the FILO Tranche) and other Loan Document Obligations, the Secured Management Obligations and the Secured Swap Obligations and (y) the FILO Tranche, all proceeds from the liquidation or other realization of the Collateral or application of funds under Section 7.02 shall be applied, first to obligations owing under, or with respect to, the Revolving Loans (other than the FILO Tranche) and other Loan Document Obligations, the Secured Cash Management Obligations and the Secured Swap Obligations, and second to the FILO Tranche (3) the Borrower may not prepay Loans under the FILO Tranche or terminate or reduce the commitments in respect thereof at any time that other Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) or commitments in respect thereof and or amounts owed in respect of LC Disbursements (unless cash collateralized or otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) are outstanding (4) no changes affecting the priority status of the Revolving Loans (other than the FILO Tranche) and other Loan Document Obligations, the Secured Cash Management Obligations and the Secured Swap Obligations vis- -vis the FILO Tranche may be made without the consent of each of the Revolving Lenders (other than the Revolving Lenders under FILO Tranche), (5) the final maturity of any FILO Tranche shall not occur, and no FILO Tranche shall require mandatory commitment reductions prior to, the Maturity Date of the Initial Revolving Commitments and (6) except as otherwise set forth in this Section 2.18(e), the terms of any such FILO Tranche shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 119 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 2.18 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.16 or Section 9.02 to the contrary. 
 Section 2.19 Refinancing Amendments . 
 (a) At any time after the Effective Date, the Borrower may obtain, from any Lender or any Additional Lender, Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of all or any portion of the Loans then outstanding under this Agreement (which will be deemed to include any then outstanding Other Loans), in the form of Other Loans or Other Commitments, in each case pursuant to a Refinancing Amendment provided that the Net Proceeds of such Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness shall be applied, substantially concurrently with the incurrence thereof, to the prepayment of outstanding Loans being so refinanced (and in the case of any Other Revolving Facility, the termination of the corresponding Revolving Commitments for such Revolving Loans being so refinanced). Each Class of Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred under this Section 2.19 shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is (i) not less than the Dollar Amount of 10,000,000 and (ii) an integral multiple of the Dollar Amount of 1,000,000 in excess thereof (unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise agree). The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Refinancing Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness incurred pursuant thereto (including any amendments necessary to treat the Loans and Commitments subject thereto as Other Loans and or Other Commitments). Any Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Section. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 2.19 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.16 or Section 9.02 to the contrary. 
 Section 2.20 Defaulting Lenders . 
 (a) General . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law 
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 9.02. 
 (ii) Reallocation of Payments . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VII or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , to the payment on 
 120 

a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender under the relevant Facility third , to cash collateralize the Issuing Banks LC Exposure (if any) with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.24(j) fourth , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan under the relevant Facility in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under the relevant Facility sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, such Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to any Loan Party as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Loan Party against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and eighth , subject to the last sentence of Section 2.09(e), to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursements and such Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clause (a) of the definition thereof, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the relevant Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, the relevant non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied pursuant to Section 2.24(j). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to Section 2.24(j) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (iii) Certain Fees . That Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive or accrue any commitment fee pursuant to Section 2.10(a) or any fees in respect of Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.10(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 121 

(iv) Reallocation of Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure . If any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time a Revolving Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (A) all or any part of such Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders under the relevant Facility in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent (x) the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitments under the relevant Facility as of such date and (y) no such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Exposure under any Facility shall exceed such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment under such Facility at such time and 
 (B) If the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within three (3) Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay the Swingline Exposure of such Defaulting Lender and (y) second, cash collateralize such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.24(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding 
 (C) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to this Section 2.22(a)(iv), the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.10(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (D) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.22(c), then the fees payable to the Revolving Lenders pursuant to Section 2.10(a) and Section 2.10(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) or 
 (E) if any Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.20(a)(iv), then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the applicable Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees 
 122 

payable under Section 2.10(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the applicable Issuing Bank until such LC Exposure is cash collateralized and or reallocated. 
 (v) Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit . So long as any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender under any affected Facility shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Banks thereunder shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.20(a)(iv), and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter of Credit or newly made Swingline Loan shall be allocated among Revolving Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(a)(iv) (and Revolving Lenders that are Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein). 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . 
 (i) If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank (if applicable) and the Swingline Lender (if applicable) agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 (ii) After a determination pursuant to clause (i) above with respect to a Revolving Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the other Revolving Lenders under each relevant Facility shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment and on such date such Revolving Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Loans of the other Revolving Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Revolving Lender to hold such Revolving Loans in accordance with its Pro Rata Share (without giving effect to Section 2.20(a)(iv)). 
 123 

Section 2.21 Illegality . If any Lender reasonably determines that any law has made it unlawful, or any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to Daily Simple SONIA , the Adjusted LIBO Rate , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Rate or Term SOFR Rate (whether denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency), or to determine or charge interest rates based upon Daily Simple SONIA or , the Adjusted LIBO Rate , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Rate or Term SOFR Rate , then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue SONIA Loans or , Eurocurrency Loans , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans or Term SOFR Loans , as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies or to convert ABR Loans to Eurocurrency Loans , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans, Term SOFR Loans or SONIA Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or Term SOFR Rate (as applicable) component of the Alternate Base Rate, the interest rate on such ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or Term SOFR Rate (as applicable) component of the Alternate Base Rate until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon three Business Days notice from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or (I) if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Eurocurrency Loans or Term SOFR Rate (as applicable) denominated in Dollars of such Lender to ABR Loans (the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or Term SOFR Rate (as applicable) component of the Alternate Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Loans, or (II) if applicable and such Loans are denominated in an Alternative Currency, to the extent the Borrower and the applicable Revolving Lenders agree, convert such Loans to Loans bearing interest at an alternative rate mutually acceptable to the Borrower and all of the applicable Revolving Lenders, in each case, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Revolving Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Loans or the next Interest Payment Date if such Revolving Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans or SONIA Loans, as applicable, to such day, or immediately, if such Revolving Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Loans , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Loans or Term SOFR Loans or SONIA Loans, as applicable provided, however, that if the Borrower and the applicable Lender cannot agree within a reasonable time on an alternative rate for such Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower may, at its discretion, either (i) prepay such Loans, (ii) convert such Loans into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) or (ii) maintain such Loans outstanding, in which case, the interest rate payable to the applicable Lender on such Loans will be the rate determined by such Revolving Lender as its cost of funds to fund a Borrowing of such Loans with maturities comparable to the Interest Period applicable thereto plus the Applicable Rate unless the maintenance of such Loans outstanding on such basis would not stop the conditions described in the first sentence of this Section 2.21 from existing (in which case the Borrower shall be required to prepay such Loans), and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Adjusted LIBO Rate or Term SOFR Rate (as applicable) , the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Alternate Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate or Term SOFR Rate (as applicable) component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Adjusted LIBO Rate or Term SOFR Rate . Each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing promptly upon becoming aware that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon Daily Simple SONIA or , the Adjusted LIBO Rate , Alternative Currency Term Benchmark Rate or Term SOFR Rate . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 124 

Section 2.22 Loan Modification Offers . 
 (a) At any time after the Effective Date, the Borrower may on one or more occasions, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, make one or more offers (each, a Loan Modification Offer to all the Lenders of one or more Classes (each Class subject to such a Loan Modification Offer, an Affected Class to effect one or more Permitted Amendments relating to such Affected Class pursuant to procedures reasonably specified by the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower (including mechanics to permit cashless rollovers and exchanges by Lenders). Such notice shall set forth (i) the terms and conditions of the requested Permitted Amendment and (ii) the date on which such Permitted Amendment is requested to become effective. Permitted Amendments shall become effective only with respect to the Loans and Commitments of the Lenders of the Affected Class that accept the applicable Loan Modification Offer (such Lenders, the Accepting Lenders and, in the case of any Accepting Lender, only with respect to such Lender s Loans and Commitments of such Affected Class as to which such Lender s acceptance has been made. The effectiveness of any Permitted Amendment shall not be conditioned to the absence of any defaults, compliance with any financial measures or any most favored nation pricing requirements, unless otherwise agreed to by the Borrower in the applicable Loan Modification Offer. 
 (b) A Permitted Amendment shall be effected pursuant to a Loan Modification Agreement executed and delivered by Holdings, the Borrower, each applicable Accepting Lender and the Administrative Agent provided that no Permitted Amendment shall become effective unless Holdings and the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent such legal opinions, board resolutions, secretary s certificates, officer s certificates and other documents as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Loan Modification Agreement. Each Loan Modification Agreement may, without the consent of any Lender other than the applicable Accepting Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to give effect to the provisions of this Section 2.22, including any amendments necessary to treat the applicable Loans and or Commitments of the Accepting Lenders as a new Class of loans and or commitments hereunder. 
 125 

(c) If, in connection with any proposed Loan Modification Offer, any Lender of an Affected Class declines to consent to such Loan Modification Offer on the terms and by the deadline set forth in such Loan Modification Offer (each such Lender, a Non-Accepting Lender then the Borrower may, on notice to the Administrative Agent and the Non-Accepting Lender, (i) replace such Non-Accepting Lender in whole or in part by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04) all or any part of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of the Loans and Commitments of the Affected Class to (x) in the case of any Class of Term Loans, one or more Eligible Assignees (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment) or (y) in the case of any Class of Revolving Commitments, to one or more Persons approved (other than any Person that is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund of a Lender at such time, in which case no such approval shall be required) by the Administrative Agent (such approval in each case not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), each Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender under the relevant Facility provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a replacement Lender provided further , that (a) the applicable assignee shall have agreed to provide Loans and or Commitments on the terms set forth in the applicable Permitted Amendment, (b) such Non-Accepting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of the Loans of the Affected Class assigned by it pursuant to this Section 2.22(c), accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts (including any amounts under Section 2.09(a)(i)) payable to it hereunder from the Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) and (c) unless waived, the Borrower or such Eligible Assignee shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 9.04(b). 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Section 2.22 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.16 or Section 9.02 to the contrary. 
 Section 2.23 Swingline Loans . 
 (a) Swingline Facilities . 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Swingline Lender under the Revolving Facilities in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Lenders for such Revolving Facility set forth in this Section 2.23, make available Swingline Loans denominated in Dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans under the applicable Revolving Facility exceeding the Swingline Sublimit for such Revolving Facility, (ii) any Revolving Lender s Revolving Exposure for the applicable Revolving Facility exceeding such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment for such Revolving Facility or (iii) the total Revolving Exposures for the applicable Revolving Facility exceeding the aggregate amount of Revolving Commitments for such Revolving Facility, in each case, at such time provided , that a Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits 
 126 

and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. Swingline Loans shall bear interest at the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans based on the Alternate Base Rate under the applicable Revolving Facility. To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by facsimile or electronic communication (if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent), not later than 3 00 p.m., New York City time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender under the relevant Revolving Facility of any such notice received from the Borrower. Such Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower by means of a credit in accordance with the instructions of the Borrower (including, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.24(e), by remittance to the applicable Issuing Bank, and in the case of repayment of another Loan or fees or expenses, by remittance to the Administrative Agent to be distributed to the relevant Lenders) on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. 
 (ii) To facilitate administration of the Revolving Loans, the Revolving Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree (which agreement is solely among them, and not for the benefit of or enforceable by the Borrower) that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, settlement among them as to the Revolving Loans under each Facility, and Swingline Loans under each Revolving Facility, shall take place on a periodic basis in accordance with this clause (a)(ii). The Administrative Agent shall request settlement (a Settlement with the Revolving Lenders on at least a bi-weekly basis, or on a more frequent basis if so determined by the Administrative Agent, (A) on behalf of the applicable Swingline Lender, with respect to each outstanding Swingline Loan and (B) with respect to collections received, in each case, by notifying the applicable Revolving Lenders of such requested Settlement by facsimile or other electronic form of transmission, of such requested Settlement, no later than 1 00 p.m. New York City time, on the date of such requested Settlement (the Settlement Date ). Each applicable Revolving Lender (other than the Swingline Lender, in the case of Swingline Loans) shall make the amount of such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding principal amount of the Swingline Loans with respect to which Settlement is requested available to the Administrative Agent, to such account of the Administrative Agent as the Administrative 
 127 

Agent may designate, not later than 3 00 p.m., New York City time, on the Settlement Date applicable thereto, which may occur before or after the occurrence or during the continuation of a Default or an Event of Default and whether or not the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Article IV have then been satisfied without regard to any minimum amount specified therein. Such amounts made available to the Administrative Agent shall be applied against the amounts of the applicable Swingline Loan and, together with the portion of such Swingline Loan representing the Swingline Lender s pro rata share thereof, shall constitute Revolving Loans of the Revolving Lenders under such Facility. If any such amount is not made available to the Administrative Agent by any Revolving Lender on the Settlement Date applicable thereto, the Administrative Agent shall, on behalf of the applicable Swingline Lender with respect to each outstanding Swingline Loan, be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Revolving Lender together with interest thereon at the Alternate Base Rate for the first three days from and after the Settlement Date and thereafter at the interest rate then applicable to Revolving Loans. Between Settlement Dates, the Administrative Agent may pay over to the applicable Swingline Lender any payments received by the Administrative Agent, which in accordance with the terms of this Agreement would be applied to the reduction of the Revolving Loans, for application to such Swingline Lender s Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans. If, as of any Settlement Date, collections received since the then immediately preceding Settlement Date have been applied to such Swingline Lender s Revolving Loans, such Swingline Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the accounts of the applicable Revolving Lenders, to be applied to the outstanding Revolving Loans of such Revolving Lenders, an amount such that each Revolving Lender shall, upon receipt of such amount, have, as of such Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans under such Facility. During the period between Settlement Dates, each Swingline Lender with respect to its Swingline Loans, and each Revolving Lender with respect to its Revolving Loans, shall be entitled to interest thereon at the applicable rate or rates payable under this Agreement. 
 (iii) In addition, a Swingline Lender under a Facility may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent not later than 1 00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day require the Revolving Lenders under such Revolving Facility to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of its outstanding Swingline Loans under such Revolving Facility. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender under the applicable Revolving 
 128 

Facility, specifying in such notice such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of a Swingline Lender under a Facility, such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.04 with respect to Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender (and Section 2.04 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph. Any amounts received by a Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan under a Revolving Facility after receipt by such Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to such Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. 
 129 

(b) Termination and Appointment . The Borrower may terminate the appointment of any Swingline Lender as a Swingline Lender hereunder by providing a written notice thereof to such Swingline Lender, with a copy to the Administrative Agent. Any such termination shall become effective upon the earlier of (i) such Swingline Lender s acknowledging receipt of such notice and (ii) the fifth Business Day following the date of the delivery thereof provided that no such termination shall become effective until and unless the Swingline Exposure of such Swingline Lender shall have been reduced to zero. Notwithstanding the effectiveness of any such termination, the terminated Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to such termination, but shall not make any additional Swingline Loans. After notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower may appoint any other Revolving Lender as a Swingline Lender so long as such Revolving Lender agrees to such appointment. 
 Section 2.24 Letters of Credit . 
 (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including the proviso to the definition of LC Sublimit and Issuing Bank ), (i) each Issuing Bank agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Lenders set forth in this Section 2.24, (A) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Effective Date to but not including the 5th Business Day prior to the Maturity Date for the applicable Revolving Facility, upon the request of the Borrower, to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency and issued on sight basis only for the account of the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower so long as the Borrower is a joint and several co-applicant, and references to the Borrower in this Section 2.24 shall be deemed to include reference to such Restricted Subsidiary), and to amend or renew Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with Section 2.24(b), and (B) to honor drafts under the Letters of Credit, and (ii) the Revolving Lenders under each Facility severally agree to participate in the Letters of Credit issued pursuant to Section 2.24(d) under such Facility provided that no Letters of Credit shall be issued if the Administrative Agent receives notice from the Required Revolving Lenders that the conditions set forth in Article IV have not been satisfied. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly the Borrower may, during the foregoing period, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. 
 130 

(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall hand deliver or facsimile (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent, at least five (5) Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance (or such shorter period as is acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank), a completed Letter of Credit application in a form reasonably acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank. To request an amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall submit such an application to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent at least two (2) Business Days in advance of the requested date of amendment, extension or renewal, identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the proposed date (which shall be a Business Day) and other details of the amendment, extension or renewal. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of Letter of Credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the applicable Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended if (and on issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Sublimit with respect to the applicable Revolving Facility, (ii) no Issuing Bank s LC Exposure shall exceed its Individual LC Sublimit and (iii) the Revolving Exposures shall not exceed the Total Revolving Commitments with respect to the applicable Revolving Facility, in each case at such time. Promptly after the delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable Issuing Bank will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. Promptly after receipt of such Letter of Credit or amendment, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders, in writing, of such Letter of Credit or amendment, and if so requested by a Revolving Lender the Administrative Agent will provide such Revolving Lender with copies of such Letter of Credit or amendment. With respect to Commercial Letters of Credit, each Issuing Bank shall, on the first Business Day of each month, submit to the Administrative Agent, by facsimile (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank), a report detailing the daily aggregate total of Commercial Letters of Credit for the previous calendar month. 
 (c) Expiration Date . Each Standby Letter of Credit shall expire not later than the date that is twelve months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit provided that any Standby Letter of Credit may provide for the automatic extension thereof for any number of additional periods each of up to one year in duration provided further that any Letter of Credit which extends beyond the Maturity Date shall be cash collateralized pursuant to clause (j) of this Section 2.24 on or before the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. Each Commercial Letter of Credit shall expire on the earlier of (i) 120 days after the date of the issuance of such Commercial Letter of Credit and (ii) 5 Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
 131 

(d) Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the applicable Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Lender under the relevant Revolving Facility, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the relevant Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 2.24, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments under the applicable Facility, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (e) Reimbursement . If the applicable Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount in Dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency equal to such LC Disbursement not later than (i) 3 00 p.m. (New York City time in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars, or 12 00 p.m. New York City time the case of any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency), on the Business Day immediately following the date the Borrower is presented notice of such LC Disbursement under paragraph (g) of this Section 2.24 provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.23 that such payment be financed with ABR Loans or Swingline Loans under that Facility in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Loans or Swingline Loan. If the Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due in Dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency from the relevant Borrower in respect thereof and such Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Share of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.04 with respect to Loans made by such Lender under the relevant Facility (and Section 2.04 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of such Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from such Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment in Dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency and in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. 
 132 

(f) Obligations Absolute . The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section 2.24 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by the applicable Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.24(f), constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder or (v) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of any Alternative Currency to the Borrower or in the relevant currency markets generally. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their respective Related Persons, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of such Issuing Bank provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse such Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable laws) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by such Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank (as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (g) Disbursement Procedures . The applicable Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Such Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by facsimile or electronic communication (if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make a LC Disbursement thereunder provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 133 

(h) Interim Interest . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Loans provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section 2.24, then Section 2.24(b) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to clause (e) of this Section 2.24 to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (i) Replacement of an Issuing Bank . An Issuing Bank may be replaced at the written request of the Borrower and without the consent of the Administrative Agent at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.10(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 134 

(j) Cash Collateralization . If (i) any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, or (ii) if and to the extent required in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.07, 2.20 or 2.24, on the Business Day following the date that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, upon such demand, the Borrower shall deposit, in an account or accounts with the Administrative Agent(s), in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders (each, an LC Collateral Account ), an amount in cash in Dollars or the applicable Alternative Currency, equal to 102 of the LC Exposure under each relevant Facility as of such date provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in Section 7.01(h) or (i) provided further , that such deposit may be required at times and in the amounts specified in Section 2.07(a)(ii). The LC Collateral Account with respect to each Facility shall be separate and apart from, and not commingled with, the LC Collateral Account for any other Facility. Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Loan Document Obligations in accordance with the provisions of this clause (j). The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account and the Borrower hereby grants the Administrative Agent a security interest in the LC Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Loan Document Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (together with all interest and other earnings with respect thereto, to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned promptly to the Borrower but in no event later than three (3) Business Days after such Event of Default has been cured or waived. If the Borrower fails to provide any cash collateral as required by this Section 2.24(j), the Lenders under the relevant Facility may (and, upon direction of the Administrative Agent, shall) advance, as Revolving Loans under the relevant Facility, the amount of the cash collateral required (whether or not the Commitments have terminated or the conditions in Section 4.02 are satisfied). 
 Section 2.25 Dollar Amount . The Administrative Agent shall determine the Dollar Amount of each Revolving Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency and LC Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency (i) as of the first day of each Interest Period applicable thereto and (ii) as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, and shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Revolving Lenders of each Dollar Amount so determined by it. Each such determination shall be based on the Spot Rate (x) on the date of the related Borrowing Request for purposes of the initial such determination for any Revolving Loan or Letter of Credit and (y) on the fourth Business Day prior to the date as of which such Dollar Amount is to be determined, for purposes of any subsequent determination. 
 135 

Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Each of Holdings and the Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders as of the Effective Date (after giving effect to the Transactions) that 
 Section 3.01 Organization Powers . Each of Holdings, each Intermediate Parent (if any), the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is (a) duly organized, validly existing and in good standing (to the extent such concept exists in the relevant jurisdictions) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has the corporate or other organizational power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each Loan Document to which it is a party, and (c) is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required, except in the case of clause (a) (other than with respect to any Loan Party), clause (b) (other than with respect to Holdings and the Borrower and any other Loan Party in the case of the execution and delivery of any Loan Document to which it is a party) and clause (c), where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.02 Authorization Enforceability . This Agreement and each other Loan Document has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of Holdings, each Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and each other Loan Party party thereto and constitutes, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is to be a party, when executed and delivered by such Loan Party, will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of Holdings, such Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or such Loan Party, as the case may be, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 Section 3.03 Governmental and Third-Party Approvals No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority or third-party, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except filings necessary to perfect Liens created under the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate (i) the Organizational Documents of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Loan Party, or (ii) any Requirements of Law applicable to Holdings, the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture or other agreement or instrument binding upon Holdings, the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective assets, or give rise to a right of, or result in, termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation thereunder and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, except Liens created under the Loan Documents or otherwise permitted under Section 6.02, except (in the case of each of clauses (a), (b)(ii) and (c)) to the extent that the failure to obtain or make such consent, approval, registration, filing or action, or such violation, default or right as the case may be, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.04 Financial Condition No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly indicated therein, including the notes thereto, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Acquired Business as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations for the respective periods then ended in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the periods referred to therein, except as otherwise expressly indicated therein, including the notes thereto. 
 136 

(b) The Interim Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied during the periods referred to therein, except as otherwise expressly indicated therein, including the notes thereto (if any), and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Acquired Business as of the date thereof and for the periods covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments and to any other adjustments described therein. 
 (c) Holdings has heretofore furnished to the Lead Arrangers the pro forma consolidated balance sheet and the related pro forma consolidated statement of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of, and for the twelve-month period ending on, September 30, 2016, in each case of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (such pro forma balance sheet and statement of income, the Pro Forma Financial Statements ), which have been prepared giving effect to the Transactions as if such transactions had occurred on such date (in the case of the balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period (in the case of such statement of operations). The Pro Forma Financial Statements have been prepared in good faith, based on assumptions believed by Holdings to be reasonable as of the date of delivery thereof (it being understood that such Pro Forma Financial Statements need not be prepared in compliance with Regulation S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or include adjustments for purchase accounting (including any adjustments of the type contemplated by Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations (formerly SFAS 141R)). 
 (d) Since the Effective Date, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.05 Properties Insurance . 
 (a) Each of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary has good title to, or valid leasehold or subleasehold, as applicable, interests in, all its real and personal property material to its business (including the Mortgaged Properties, if any), (i) free and clear of all Liens except for Liens permitted by Section 6.02 and (ii) except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or as proposed to be conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes, in each case, except as could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) As of the Effective Date, Schedule 3.05 contains a true and complete list of all Material Real Property owned by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 
 (c) Each of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary maintains in effect insurance that complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 5.07. 
 Section 3.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters . 
 (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of Holdings or the Borrower, threatened in writing against or affecting Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that could reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 137 

(b) Except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, none of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (i) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) has, to the knowledge of a Responsible Officer of Holdings or the Borrower, any basis to reasonably expect that Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary will become subject to any Environmental Liability. 
 Section 3.07 Compliance with Laws and Agreements . Each of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance with (a) its Organizational Documents, (b) all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property and (c) all indentures and other agreements and instruments binding upon it or its property, except, in the case of clauses (b) and (c) of this Section, where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.08 Investment Company Status . None of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any other Loan Party is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. 
 Section 3.09 Taxes . Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary (a) have timely filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns required to have been filed and (b) have paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid (whether or not shown on a Tax return) including in their capacity as tax withholding agents, except any Taxes (i) that are not overdue by more than 30 days or (ii) that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, provided that Holdings, such Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, has set aside on its books adequate reserves therefor in accordance with GAAP. 
 Section 3.10 ERISA . 
 (a) Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state laws. 
 (b) Except as could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred during the five year period prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made or is reasonably expected to occur, (ii) no Plan has failed to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan, whether or not waived, (iii) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA), (iv) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Section 4201 or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan and (v) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA. 
 138 

(c) With respect to any Foreign Pension Plan, as of the date hereof, except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (i) each such plan is in compliance with all requirements of law applicable and the respective requirements of the governing documents for such plan, (ii) none of any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries, Foreign Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents has engaged in a transaction which would subject any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Foreign Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, to a material tax or civil penalty, (iii) reserves have been established in the financial statements furnished to Lenders in respect of any unfunded liabilities in accordance with applicable law and prudent business practice or, where required, in accordance with ordinary accounting practices in the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Pension Plan is maintained, and (iv) the present aggregate value of accumulated benefit obligations of all Foreign Pension Plans did not, as of the most recent statements available, exceed the aggregate value of the assets for all such Foreign Pension Plans. 
 Section 3.11 Disclosure . As of the Effective Date, neither (a) the Information Memorandum nor (b) any of the other reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of any Loan Document or delivered thereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading, provided that, with respect to projected financial information, Holdings and the Borrower represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by them to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected financial information was delivered prior to the Effective Date, as of the Effective Date, it being understood that any such projected financial information relates to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, is subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties, no assurance can be given that any particular projected financial information will be realized and that actual results during the period or periods covered thereby may different significantly form the corresponding projected financial information and such differences could be material. 
 Section 3.12 Subsidiaries . As of the Effective Date, Schedule 3.12 sets forth the name of each Subsidiary and the registered ownership interest of Holdings, each Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or another Subsidiary in each Subsidiary. 
 Section 3.13 Intellectual Property Licenses, Etc. Each of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary owns, licenses or possesses the right to use all of the Intellectual Property that is reasonably necessary for the operation of its business as currently conducted, and, without conflict with the rights of any Person, except to the extent the failure to have any such rights or such conflicts, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary do not and will not, in the operation of their businesses as currently conducted, infringe upon, misuse, dilute, misappropriate or otherwise violate any Intellectual Property rights held by any Person except for such infringements, misuses, dilutions, misappropriations or violations that, individually or in the aggregate, which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No claim or litigation regarding any of the Intellectual Property owned by Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries is pending or, to the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of Holdings or the Borrower, threatened in writing against Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.14 Solvency . On the Effective Date, immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Effective Date, Holdings and its Subsidiaries are, on a consolidated basis after giving effect to the Transactions, Solvent. 
 139 

Section 3.15 Senior Indebtedness . The Loan Document Obligations constitute Senior Indebtedness (or any comparable term) under and as defined in the documentation governing any Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 Section 3.16 Federal Reserve Regulations . None of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, to purchase or carry any margin stock or to refinance any Indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose, or for any other purpose that entails a violation (including on the part of any Lender) of the provisions of Regulations U or X of the Board of Governors. 
 Section 3.17 Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans made on the Effective Date to finance a portion of the Transactions. 
 Section 3.18 PATRIOT Act, OFAC and FCPA . 
 (a) The Borrower will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the transaction, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, for the purpose of funding (i) any activities of or business with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or (ii) any other transaction that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person participating in the transaction, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
 (b) The Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries will not use the proceeds of the Loans directly, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 
 (c) Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect , none of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries has, in the past three years, committed a violation of applicable Sanctions, Title III of the USA Patriot Act or the FCPA or any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 
 (d) None of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee or agent of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is an individual or entity currently on the list of Specifically Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons administered by the United States Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC or any other Sanctions list, nor is Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of comprehensive Sanctions. 
 140 

Section 3.19 Security Documents . Except as otherwise contemplated hereby or under any other Loan Documents, the provisions of the Security Documents, together with such filings and other actions required to be taken hereby or by the applicable Security Documents (including the delivery to Collateral Agent of any Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Collateral Agreement) required to be delivered pursuant to the applicable Security Documents), are effective to create in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a legal, valid and enforceable perfected first priority Lien (subject to Liens permitted by Section 6.02) on all right, title and interest of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the applicable Subsidiary Loan Parties, respectively, in the Collateral described therein. 
 Article IV CONDITIONS 
 Section 4.01 Effective Date . The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions shall be satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02) 
 (a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed counterpart of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent shall have received a written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of Latham & Watkins LLP, New York counsel for the Loan Parties and Polsinelli PC, Missouri counsel for the Loan Parties. The Borrower hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinions. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Effective Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 with appropriate insertions, executed by any Responsible Officer of such Loan Party, and including or attaching the documents referred to in paragraph (d) of this Section. 
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a copy of (i) each Organizational Document of each Loan Party certified, to the extent applicable, as of a recent date by the applicable Governmental Authority, (ii) signature and incumbency certificates of the Responsible Officers of each Loan Party (other than the Insignificant Subsidiaries for which certificates shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent within five days after the Effective Date, or such later date as agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) executing the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (iii) resolutions of the Board of Directors and or similar governing bodies of each Loan Party approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of Loan Documents to which it is a party, certified as of the Effective Date by its secretary, an assistant secretary or a Responsible Officer as being in full force and effect without modification or amendment, and (iv) a good standing certificate (to the extent such concept exists) from the applicable Governmental Authority of each Loan Party s jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or formation. 
 141 

(e) The Administrative Agent shall have received all fees and other amounts previously agreed in writing by the Joint Bookrunners and Holdings to be due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the Effective Date (except as otherwise reasonably agreed by Borrower), reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) required to be reimbursed or paid by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. 
 (f) The Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall have been satisfied provided that if, notwithstanding the use by Holdings and the Borrower of commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be satisfied on the Effective Date, the requirements thereof (other than (a) the execution and delivery of the Guarantee Agreement and the Collateral Agreement by the Loan Parties, (b) creation of and perfection of security interests in the certificated Equity Interests of the Borrower to the extent received from the Target so long as Holdings used commercially reasonable efforts to obtain such certificates on the Effective Date, and (c) delivery of Uniform Commercial Code financing statements with respect to perfection of security interests in other assets of the Loan Parties that may be perfected by the filing of a financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code) are not satisfied as of the Effective Date, the satisfaction of such requirements shall not be a condition to the availability of the initial Loans on the Effective Date (but shall be required to be satisfied as promptly as practicable after the Effective Date and in any event within the period specified therefor in Schedule 5.14 or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree). 
 (g) Since June 30, 2016, there has not occurred any event, change, development or effect that has had or would have a Business Material Adverse Effect (solely for purposes of this clause (g), as such term is defined in the Acquisition Agreement as in effect on November 3, 2016), that results in a failure of a condition of Borrower s (or any of its affiliate s) obligation to consummate the Acquisition pursuant to the terms of the Acquisition Agreement or that gives Borrower (or its affiliates) the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate Borrower s (or it s applicable affiliate s) obligations under the Acquisition Agreement. 
 (h) The Joint Bookrunners shall have received the (i) Audited Financial Statements, (ii) Interim Financial Statements, (iii) unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of, and related statement of operations of the Acquired Business (excluding notes thereto) for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, in each case prepared in accordance with the Accounting Principles (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement as in effect on November 3, 2016), with the amounts included therein having been prepared in accordance with GAAP, and (iv) Pro Forma Financial Statements. 
 (i) The Specified Acquisition Agreement Representations and the Specified Representations shall be accurate in all material respects on and as of the Effective Date provided that any Specified Representations that are qualified by materiality, Business Material Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Effect, shall be accurate in all respects on and as of the Effective Date. 
 (j) The Acquisition shall have been consummated, or substantially simultaneously with the initial funding of Loans on the Effective Date, shall be consummated, in all material respects in accordance with the Acquisition Agreement (without giving effect to any amendments, supplements, waivers or other modifications to or of the Acquisition Agreement made following November 3, 2016 that are materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders or the Joint Bookrunners in their capacities as such, except to the extent that the Joint Bookrunners have consented thereto). 
 142 

(k) The Equity Financing shall have been made, or substantially simultaneously with the initial Borrowings under the Initial Term Facility, shall be made. 
 (l) Substantially simultaneously with the initial Borrowing under the Initial Term Facility and the consummation of the Acquisition, the Intercompany Termination and the Guarantee Termination shall be consummated. 
 (m) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate from the chief financial officer of Holdings or the Borrower certifying that Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after giving effect to the Transactions are Solvent. 
 (n) The Administrative Agent and the Joint Bookrunners shall have received, at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information about the Loan Parties that shall have been reasonably requested in writing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Effective Date and that the Administrative Agents or the Joint Bookrunners have reasonably determined is required by United States regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti- money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation Title III of the USA Patriot Act. 
 (o) The Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate dated as of the Effective Date, to the effect set forth in Section 4.01(g), (i), (j) and (k). 
 Section 4.02 Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Revolving Lender to make a Revolving Loan on the occasion of any Revolving Borrowing, of any Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, or any Term Loan Lender to make an Incremental Term Loan is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions (in each case, except as otherwise set forth in Section 2.18 or Section 2.22) 
 (a) The Borrower shall have delivered (i) in the case of a Revolving Borrowing or Term Loan Borrowing, a Borrowing Request to the Administrative Agent as required by Section 2.03, (ii) in the case of the issuance of a Letter of Credit, a notice requesting the issuance of such Letter of Credit to the applicable Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent as required by Section 2.24(b), or (iii) in the case of a Swingline Borrowing, a Swingline Borrowing request to the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent as required by Section 2.23(a). 
 (b) After the Effective Date, the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit (other than an amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit without any increase in the stated amount of such Letter of Credit), as applicable, with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representations and warranties qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such earlier date). 
 (c) After the Effective Date, at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit (other than an amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit without any increase in the stated amount of such Letter of Credit), as applicable, no Event of Default or Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 143 

Each Borrowing after the Effective Date and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit after the Effective Date shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (b) and (c) (in each case, except as otherwise set forth in Section 2.18 and Section 2.22). 
 Article V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated, the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts (other than contingent amounts not yet due) payable under any Loan Document shall have been paid in full, each of Holdings and the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 Section 5.01 Financial Statements and Other Information . The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of each Lender 
 (a) on or before the date on which such financial statements are required or permitted to be filed with the SEC (or, if such financial statements are not required to be filed with the SEC, on or before the date that is 120 days after the end of such fiscal year (or, (x) in the case of financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, on or before the date that is 160 days after the end of such fiscal year and (y) in the case of financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, on or before the 2017 Audit Extension Date)), audited consolidated balance sheet and audited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity (or, to the extent such fiscal year ends prior to the Effective Date, parent net investment) and cash flows of the Borrower (or of the Acquired Business, to the extent such fiscal year ends prior to the Effective Date) as of the end of and for such fiscal year, and related notes thereto, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by KPMG LLP, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or any other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than any exception or explanatory paragraph, but not a qualification, that is expressly solely with respect to, or expressly resulting solely from, (A) an upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness under this Agreement, the Second Lien Facility or Material Indebtedness occurring within one year from the time such opinion is delivered or (B) any potential inability to satisfy a financial maintenance covenant on a future date or in a future period provided that any such exception or explanatory paragraph with respect any actual inability to satisfy the financial covenant in Section 6.10 shall be treated as a Financial Covenant Event of Default)) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied 
 144 

(b) commencing with the financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2017, on or before the date on which such financial statements are required or permitted to be filed with the SEC with respect to each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, if such financial statements are not required to be filed with the SEC, on or before the date that is 60 days after the end of each such fiscal quarter (or, (x) in the case of financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending on June 30, 2017 and September 30, 2017, on or before the date that is 90 days after the end of such fiscal quarter, and (y) in the case of financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018, on or before the later to occur of (I) the date that is 60 days after the end of such fiscal quarter and (II) the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Borrower actually delivers to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to Section 5.01(a), the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017)), unaudited consolidated balance sheet and unaudited consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss) and cash flows of the Borrower (or of the Acquired Business, to the extent such fiscal quarter ends prior to the Effective Date) as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter (except in the case of cash flows for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2017 and September 30, 2017) and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year (in each case, other than comparisons to financial statements in prior periods that were not required to be delivered hereunder), all certified by a Financial Officer as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and the Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter (except in the case of cash flows for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2017 and September 30, 2017) and such portion of the fiscal year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes and which may exclude the effects of purchase accounting with respect to the Transactions or any Permitted Investment or similar Investment permitted under this Agreement and 
 (c) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of consolidated financial statements referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the related consolidating financial information (which may be unaudited) reflecting adjustments necessary to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such consolidated financial statements 
 (d) not later than five days after any delivery of financial statements under paragraph (a) or (e) (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations in the case of financial statements delivered under paragraph (a) above, beginning with the financial statements for the fiscal year of the Borrower ending December 31, 2018, of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year and (iii) in the case of financial statements delivered under paragraph (a) above, setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation of the Net Proceeds received during the applicable period by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary in respect of any event described in clause (a) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event and the portion of such Net Proceeds that has been invested or are intended to be reinvested in accordance with the proviso in Section 2.09(b) 
 145 

(e) (f) commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018, not later than 120 days after the commencement of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or in the case of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018, on or before the later to occur of (x) the date that is 160 days after the commencement of such fiscal year and (y) the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Borrower actually delivers to the Administrative Agent, pursuant to Section 5.01(a), the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017), a detailed consolidated budget for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year (including a projected consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statements of projected operations and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal year and setting forth the material assumptions used for purposes of preparing such budget) in the form customarily provided by management of the Borrower (or otherwise provided to the Investors) 
 (f) (g) promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and registration statements (other than amendments to any registration statement (to the extent such registration statement, in the form it became effective, is delivered to the Administrative Agent), exhibits to any registration statement and, if applicable, any registration statement on Form S-8) filed by Holdings, the Borrower or any Subsidiary (or, if the Borrower is a subsidiary of the IPO Entity, the IPO Entity) with the SEC or with any national securities exchange and 
 (g) (h) reasonably promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of any Loan Document, as the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of any Lender may reasonably request in writing. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the obligations in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 5.01 may be satisfied with respect to financial information of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries by furnishing (A) the Form 10-K or 10-Q (or the equivalent), as applicable, of the Borrower (or a parent company thereof) filed with the SEC or with a similar regulatory authority in a foreign jurisdiction or (B) the applicable financial statements of Holdings (or any Intermediate Parent or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) provided that to the extent such information relates to a parent of the Borrower, such information is accompanied by consolidating information, which may be unaudited, that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such parent, on the one hand, and the information relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis, on the other hand, and to the extent such information is in lieu of information required to be provided under paragraph (a) of this Section 5.01, such materials are accompanied by a report and opinion of KPMG LLP, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or any other independent registered public accounting firm of nationally recognized standing (without a going concern or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit (other than any exception or explanatory paragraph, but not a qualification, that is expressly solely with respect to, or expressly resulting solely from, (A) an upcoming maturity date of any Indebtedness under this Agreement, the Second Lien Facility or Material Indebtedness occurring within one year from the time such opinion is delivered or (B) any potential inability to satisfy a financial maintenance covenant on a future date or in a future period provided that any such exception or explanatory paragraph with respect any actual inability to satisfy the financial covenant in Section 6.10 shall be treated as a Financial Covenant Event of Default)) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial position and results of 
 146 

operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of and for such year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (f) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) of this Section 5.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the earlier of the date (A) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto, on the Borrower s website on the Internet or (B) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on IntraLinks IntraAgency or another website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent) provided that (i) the Borrower shall deliver such documents to the Administrative Agent upon its reasonable request until a written notice to cease delivering such documents is given by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and upon its reasonable request, provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents and maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and or the Joint Bookrunners will make available to the Lenders materials and or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Company Materials by posting the Company Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. 
 The Borrower hereby agrees that it will, upon the Administrative Agent s reasonable request, identify that portion of the Company Materials that may be distributed to the Public Lenders and that (i) all such Company Materials shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof (ii) by marking Company Materials PUBLIC, the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Joint Bookrunners and the Lenders to treat such Company Materials as not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to Holdings, the Borrower or their respective securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws provided, however , that to the extent such Company Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 9.12) (iii) all Company Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Joint Bookrunners shall be entitled to treat any Company Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information. 
 147 

Section 5.02 Notices of Material Events . Promptly after any Responsible Officer of Holdings or the Borrower obtains actual knowledge thereof, Holdings or the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to each Lender through the Administrative Agent) written notice of the following 
 (a) the occurrence of any Default and 
 (b) the filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or, to the knowledge of a Financial Officer or another executive officer of Holdings or the Borrower, affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or the receipt of a written notice of an Environmental Liability or the occurrence of an ERISA Event or a Foreign Plan Event, in each case either, individually or when combined with other such events, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a written statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 
 Section 5.03 Information Regarding Collateral . 
 (a) Holdings or the Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent promptly (and in any event within 60 days or such longer period as reasonably agreed to by the Administrative Agent) written notice of any change (i) in any Loan Party s legal name (as set forth in its certificate of organization or like document), or (ii) in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of any Loan Party or in the form of its organization. 
 (b) Not later than five days after delivery of financial statements pursuant to Section 5.01(a) (or such later date as agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), Holdings or the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate executed by a Responsible Officer of Holdings or the Borrower (i) setting forth the information required pursuant to Schedules I through IV of the Collateral Agreement or confirming that there has been no change in such information since the Effective Date or the date of the most recent certificate delivered pursuant to this Section, (ii) identifying any wholly-owned Subsidiary that has become, or ceased to be, a Material Subsidiary during the most recently ended fiscal year and (iii) certifying that all notices required to be given prior to the date of such certificate by Section 5.03 or 5.11 have been given. 
 Section 5.04 Existence Conduct of Business . Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, do or cause to be done all things necessary to obtain, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, the patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names and other Intellectual Property material to the conduct of its business, in each case (other than the preservation of the existence of Holdings and the Borrower) to the extent that the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 or any Disposition permitted by Section 6.05. 
 Section 5.05 Payment of Taxes, etc. Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, pay its obligations in respect of Taxes before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (i) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (ii) the failure to make payment could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 148 

Section 5.06 Maintenance of Properties . The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.07 Insurance . 
 (a) The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain, with insurance companies that the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Borrower) are financially sound and responsible at the time the relevant coverage is placed or renewed, insurance in at least such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance which the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment of management of the Borrower) is reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of its business) and against at least such risks (and with such risk retentions) as the Borrower believes (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Borrower) are reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of its business and will furnish to the Lenders, upon written request from the Administrative Agent, information presented in reasonable detail as to the insurance so carried. Each such policy of insurance maintained by a Loan Party shall (i) name the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, as an additional insured thereunder as its interests may appear and (ii) in the case of each casualty insurance policy, contain a loss payable mortgagee clause or endorsement that names Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, as the loss payee mortgagee thereunder. 
 (b) If any portion of the improvements on any Mortgaged Property subject to FEMA rules and regulations is at any time located in an area identified by FEMA (or any successor agency) as a Special Flood Hazard Area with respect to which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (as now or hereafter in effect or successor act thereto, the Flood Insurance Laws ), then the Borrower shall, or shall cause the relevant Loan Party to, (i) maintain or cause to be maintained, flood insurance sufficient to comply with all applicable rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Flood Insurance Laws and (ii) deliver to the Administrative Agent evidence of such compliance, which evidence complies with applicable Flood Insurance Laws and rules and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. 
 Section 5.08 Books and Records Inspection and Audit Rights . The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain proper books of record and account in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects and are in conformity with GAAP (or applicable local standards) consistently applied shall be made of all material financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be. The Borrower will, and will cause the Restricted Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, upon reasonable prior notice, to visit and inspect its properties, to examine and make extracts from its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested provided that, excluding any such visits and inspections during the continuation of an Event of Default, only the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise visitation and inspection rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 5.08 and the Administrative Agent shall not exercise such rights more often than one time during any calendar year absent the existence of an Event of Default, which visitation and inspection shall be at the reasonable expense of the Borrower provided further , that (a) when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice and (b) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrower s independent public accountants. 
 149 

Section 5.09 Compliance with Laws . The Borrower will, and will cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, comply with its Organizational Documents and all Requirements of Law with respect to it or its property (including, including without limitation, ERISA, applicable Environmental Laws and any foreign law, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority that relates to or governs Foreign Pension Plans as well as the Patriot Act, the FCPA all other applicable anti-corruption laws and applicable Sanctions), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.10 Use of Proceeds . The Borrower will use the proceeds of the Loans, together with cash on hand of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on the Effective Date to, directly or indirectly finance a portion of the Transactions. Following the Effective Date, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries will use the proceeds of (i) any Incremental Loan for working capital or any other purpose not prohibited by this Agreement, (ii) any Credit Agreement Refinancing Indebtedness, applied among the Loans and any Incremental Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (iii) Revolving Loans and Swingline Loans will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including the financing of transactions that are not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement (including Investments). 
 Section 5.11 Additional Subsidiaries . If any additional Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent is formed or acquired after the Effective Date, Holdings or the Borrower will, within 60 days after such newly formed or acquired Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent is formed or acquired (unless such Subsidiary is an Excluded Subsidiary), notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and all actions (if any) required to be taken with respect to such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent in order to satisfy the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement shall have been taken with respect to such Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent and with respect to any Equity Interest in or Indebtedness of such Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent owned by or on behalf of any Loan Party within 60 days after such notice (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree). 
 Section 5.12 Further Assurances . 
 (a) Each of Holdings and the Borrower will, and will cause each Loan Party to, execute any and all further documents, financing statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, mortgages, deeds of trust and other documents), that may be required under any applicable law and that the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request, to cause the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to be and remain satisfied, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. 
 (b) If, after the Effective Date, any Material Real Property is acquired by the Borrower or any other Loan Party or are held by any Subsidiary on or after the time it becomes a Loan Party pursuant to Section 5.11 (other than assets constituting Collateral under a Security Document that become subject to the Lien created by such Security Document upon acquisition thereof or constituting Excluded Assets), the Borrower will notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Secured Obligations and will take and cause the other Loan Parties to take, such actions as shall be necessary and reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and consistent with the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (a) of this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties and subject to last paragraph of the definition of the term Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. 
 150 

Section 5.13 Ratings . Each of Holdings and the Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause (a) the Borrower to continuously have a public corporate credit rating from each of S&P and Moody s (but not to maintain a specific rating) and (b) the credit facilities made available under this Agreement to be continuously rated by each of S&P and Moody s (but not to maintain a specific rating). 
 Section 5.14 Certain Post-Closing Obligations . As promptly as practicable, and in any event within the time periods after the Effective Date specified in Schedule 5.14 or such later date as the Administrative Agent reasonably agrees to in writing, including to reasonably accommodate circumstances unforeseen on the Effective Date, Holdings, the Borrower and each other Loan Party shall deliver the documents or take the actions specified on Schedule 5.14 that would have been required to be delivered or taken on the Effective Date but for the proviso to Section 4.01(f), in each case except to the extent otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to its authority as set forth in the definition of the term Collateral and Guarantee Requirement. 
 Section 5.15 Designation of Subsidiaries . The Borrower may at any time after the Effective Date designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary provided that (i) immediately before and after such designation, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) no Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary or continue as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it is a Restricted Subsidiary for the purpose of any Material Indebtedness. The designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Effective Date shall constitute an Investment by the Borrower therein at the date of designation in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Borrower s or its Subsidiary s (as applicable) investment therein. The designation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall constitute (i) the incurrence at the time of designation of any Investment, Indebtedness or Liens of such Subsidiary existing at such time and (ii) a return on any Investment by the Borrower in Unrestricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the preceding sentence in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value at the date of such designation of the Borrower s or its Subsidiary s (as applicable) Investment in such Subsidiary. 
 Section 5.16 Change in Business . Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, will not fundamentally and substantively alter the character of their business, taken as a whole, from the business conducted by them on the Effective Date and other business activities which are extensions thereof or otherwise incidental, reasonably related or ancillary to any of the foregoing. 
 Section 5.17 Changes in Fiscal Periods . The Borrower shall not make any change in its fiscal year provided, however , that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, change its fiscal year to any other fiscal year reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement that are necessary to reflect such change in fiscal year. 
 Section 5.18 Quarterly Lender Calls . To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall conduct quarterly conference calls with management of the Borrower and the Lenders (at such times as reasonably agreed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) to discuss the financial performance of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries. Without limiting the foregoing, not later than May 31, 2018, the Borrower shall conduct a conference call with management of the Borrower and the Lenders to discuss the financial performance of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2018. 
 151 

Article VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable (other than contingent amounts not yet due) under any Loan Document have been paid in full, each of Holdings and the Borrower covenants and agrees with the Lenders that 
 Section 6.01 Indebtedness Certain Equity Securities . 
 (a) Holdings and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, except 
 (i) Indebtedness of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries under the Loan Documents (including any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 2.18, 2.19 or 2.22) 
 (ii) Indebtedness (A) outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 6.01 and any Permitted Refinancing thereof, (B) that is intercompany Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and any Permitted Refinancing thereof, and (C) of the Loan Parties under the Second Lien Facility not to exceed at any time outstanding, in the case of this clause (C), the maximum amount permitted to be incurred thereunder pursuant to the terms of the Second Lien Credit Agreement as in effect on the date hereof, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof provided that any Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness described in this clause (C) shall be deemed outstanding under the Second Lien Credit Agreement for purposes of the cap set forth in this clause (C) 
 (iii) Guarantees by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary otherwise permitted hereunder provided that (A) such Guarantee is otherwise permitted by Section 6.04, (B) no Guarantee by any Restricted Subsidiary of any Junior Financing shall be permitted unless such Restricted Subsidiary shall have also provided a Guarantee of the Loan Document Obligations pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement and (C) if the Indebtedness being Guaranteed is subordinated to the Loan Document Obligations, such Guarantee shall be subordinated to the Guarantee of the Loan Document Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those contained in the subordination of such Indebtedness 
 (iv) Indebtedness of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or of any Restricted Subsidiary owing to any other Restricted Subsidiary, the Borrower, Holdings or any Intermediate Parent to the extent permitted by Section 6.04 provided that all such Indebtedness of any Loan Party 
 152 

owing to any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subordinated to the Loan Document Obligations (to the extent any such Indebtedness is outstanding at any time after the date that is 30 days after the Effective Date or such later date as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) (but only to the extent permitted by applicable law and not giving rise to material adverse Tax consequences) on terms (A) at least as favorable to the Lenders as those set forth in the form of intercompany note attached as Exhibit H or (B) otherwise reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (v) (A) Indebtedness (including Capital Lease Obligations) of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries financing the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement of fixed or capital assets provided that such Indebtedness is incurred concurrently with or within 270 days after the applicable acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or improvement, and (B) any Permitted Refinancing of any Indebtedness set forth in the immediately preceding clause (A) provided further , that, at the time of any such incurrence of Indebtedness and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto and the use of the proceeds thereof, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness, other than Capital Lease Obligations, that is outstanding in reliance on this clause (v) shall not exceed the greater of 62,500,000 and 25.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time 
 (vi) Indebtedness in respect of (A) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of shares of capital stock or other Equity Interests of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) and (B) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (vii) (A) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (or of any Person not previously a Restricted Subsidiary that is merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) after the date hereof as a result of a Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted under Section 6.04, or Indebtedness of any Person that is assumed by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an acquisition of assets by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in a Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted under Section 6.04 provided that such Indebtedness is not 
 153 

incurred in contemplation of such Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment provided further that either (I) if such Indebtedness is unsecured, the Interest Coverage Ratio after giving Pro Forma Effect to the assumption of such Indebtedness and such Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment is equal to or greater than either (x) 2.00 1.00 or (y) the Interest Coverage Ratio immediately prior to the assumption of such Indebtedness and such Permitted Acquisition for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time or (II) if such Indebtedness is unsecured or is secured by a Lien permitted under Section 6.02, the Total Leverage Ratio after giving Pro Forma Effect to the assumption of such Indebtedness and such Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment is less than or equal to either (x) 5.80 to 1.00 or (y) the Total Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the assumption of such Indebtedness and such Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time and (B) any Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the foregoing clause (A) provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of which the primary obligor or a guarantor is a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party outstanding in reliance on this clause (vii) and clauses (xiv), (xix) and (xxiv) below shall not exceed, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, the greater of 50,000,000 and 20 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time. 
 (viii) Indebtedness in respect of Permitted Receivables Financings 
 (ix) Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (x) Indebtedness consisting of unsecured promissory notes issued by any Loan Party to current or former officers, directors and employees or their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests in Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) permitted by Section 6.08(a) 
 (xi) Indebtedness constituting indemnification obligations or obligations in respect of purchase price or other similar adjustments (including earn-outs incurred in a Permitted Acquisition, any other Investment or any Disposition, in each case permitted under this Agreement 
 (xii) Indebtedness consisting of obligations under deferred compensation or other similar arrangements incurred in connection with the Transactions or any Permitted 
 154 

Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted hereunder 
 (xiii) Cash Management Obligations and other Indebtedness in respect of netting services, overdraft protections and similar arrangements and Indebtedness arising from the honoring of a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business 
 (xiv) Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be secured to the extent permitted by the provisions of Section 6.02) provided that at the time of the incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding in reliance on this clause (xiv) shall not exceed the greater of 125,000,000 and 50 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time provided further , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of which the primary obligor or a guarantor is a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party outstanding in reliance on this clause (xiv), clause (vii) above and clauses (xix) and (xxiv) below shall not exceed, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, the greater of 50,000,000 and 20 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time 
 (xv) Indebtedness consisting of (A) the financing of insurance premiums or (B) take- or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 (xvi) (A) Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers acceptances or similar instruments issued or created, or related to obligations or liabilities incurred, in the ordinary course of business, including in respect of workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers compensation claims and (B) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries as an account party in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments in favor of suppliers or trade creditors issued in the ordinary course of business provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding in reliance on this sub-clause (B) shall not exceed, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, the greater of 37,500,000 and 15 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time 
 155 

(xvii) obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance, bankers acceptance facilities and completion guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees or similar instruments related thereto, in each case in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice 
 (xviii) unsecured Indebtedness of Holdings or any Intermediate Parent Permitted Holdings Debt (A) that is not subject to any Guarantee by any subsidiary thereof, (B) that will not mature prior to the date that is 91 days after the Latest Maturity Date in effect on the date of issuance or incurrence thereof, (C) that has no scheduled amortization or payments, repurchases or redemptions of principal (it being understood that such Indebtedness may have mandatory prepayment, repurchase or redemption provisions satisfying the requirements of clause (E) below), (D) that permits payments of interest or other amounts in respect of the principal thereof to be paid in kind rather than in cash, (E) that has mandatory prepayment, repurchase or redemption, covenant, default and remedy provisions customary for senior or senior subordinated discount notes of an issuer that is the parent of a borrower under senior secured credit facilities, and in any event, with respect to covenant, default and remedy provisions, no more restrictive (taken as a whole) than those set forth in this Agreement (other than provisions customary for senior or senior subordinated discount notes of a holding company) provided that a certificate of a Responsible Officer delivered to the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days prior to the issuance or incurrence of such Indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrower has determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement unless the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower within such five Business Day period that it disagrees with such determination (including a reasonable description of the basis upon which it disagrees) and (F) that is subordinated in right of payment to its Guarantee under the Guarantee Agreement provided further , that any such Indebtedness shall constitute Permitted Holdings Debt only if immediately after giving effect to the issuance or incurrence thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (xix) (A) unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries provided that after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness on a Pro Forma Basis, 
 156 

either (i) the Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than or equal to (1) 2.00 to 1.00 or (2) solely to the extent such unsecured Indebtedness is incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted under Section 6.04, the Interest Coverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and such Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time or (ii) the Total Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to (1) 5.80 to 1.00 or (2) solely to the extent such unsecured Indebtedness is incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted under Section 6.04, the Total Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and such Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time and (B) any Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the foregoing clause (A) provided further , that (i) such Indebtedness complies with the Required Additional Debt Terms and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of which the primary obligor or a guarantor is a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party outstanding in reliance on this clause (xix), clauses (vii) and (xiv) above and clause (xxiv) below shall not exceed, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, the greater of 50,000,000 and 20 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time 
 (xx) Indebtedness supported by a letter of credit or bank guaranty issued under this Agreement or otherwise permitted to be issued hereunder to the extent the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is the account party, in a principal amount not to exceed the face amount of such letter of credit 
 (xxi) Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt and any Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (xxii) Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt and Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, and any Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (xxiii) (A) Indebtedness of the Borrower issued in lieu of any Incremental Term Facility consisting of (i) secured or unsecured bonds, notes or debentures (which bonds, notes or debentures, if secured, may be secured by Liens having equal priority with, or junior priority relative to, the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations (but without regard to control of remedies)) or (ii) secured or unsecured loans (which loans, if secured, must be secured by Liens having a junior priority relative to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) provided that (i) the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness 
 157 

issued pursuant to this clause shall not exceed the Incremental Cap, (ii) all such Indebtedness shall be considered Consolidated First Lien Debt (whether or not so secured) for purposes of this clause, the determination of the Incremental Cap amount and Section 2.18, (iii) such Indebtedness complies with the Required Additional Debt Terms and (iv) the condition set forth in clause (A) of the proviso in Section 2.18(a) shall have been complied with as if such Indebtedness was an Incremental Loan and (B) any Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the foregoing clause (A) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Permitted Refinancing (x) shall continue to constitute a utilization of the incurrence capacity set forth in clause (A) and (y) shall continue to be considered Consolidated First Lien Debt (whether or not so secured) for purposes of clause (A) and Section 2.18 
 (xxiv) (A) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries consisting of (i) secured bonds, notes or debentures (which bonds, notes or debentures, in the case of Indebtedness incurred by a Loan Party, must be secured by Liens having a junior priority relative to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) or (ii) secured loans (which, in the case of Indebtedness incurred by a Loan Party, such loans must be secured by Liens having a junior priority relative to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations) provided that (i) after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness on a Pro Forma Basis, the Secured Leverage Ratio (or in the case of Indebtedness incurred by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, the Total Leverage Ratio) is less than or equal to (1) 5.80 to 1.00 or (2) solely to the extent such secured Indebtedness is incurred in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted under Section 6.04 and, other than the case of Indebtedness incurred by a non-Loan Party, is secured by liens on Collateral junior to the liens securing the Obligations and the liens securing obligations arising under the Second Lien Facility (to the extent the Second Lien Facility is then outstanding) and or any other second lien facility entered into as a replacement of or in connection with the refinancing (in full or in part) of the Second Lien Facility, the Secured Leverage Ratio (or in the case of Indebtedness incurred by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, the Total Leverage Ratio) immediately prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness and such Permitted Acquisition or Investment for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time, (ii) such Indebtedness complies with the Required Additional Debt Terms and (iii) if such Indebtedness is incurred by a Loan Party, a Senior Representative acting on behalf of the holders of such Indebtedness shall have entered into the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement and, if applicable, a customary Intercreditor Agreement substantially consistent with the 
 158 

Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the Liens securing such Indebtedness are subordinated to the Liens securing the Secured Obligations, and (iv) any such Indebtedness shall constitute the incurrence of (and, for the avoidance of doubt, comply with the conditions related to) Incremental Equivalent Debt, and (B) any Permitted Refinancing of Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the foregoing clause (A) provided , further , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of which the primary obligor or a guarantor is a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party outstanding in reliance on this clause (xxiv) and clauses (vii), (xiv) and (xix) above shall not exceed, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, the greater of 50,000,000 and 20 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time 
 (xxv) Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party provided that (A) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding in reliance on this clause (xxv) shall not exceed, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, the greater of 25,000,000 and 10 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period as of such time and (B) to the extent such Indebtedness is secured, it is secured only by liens on assets of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties and such Liens are otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6.02 
 (xxvi) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount not greater than the Available Equity Amount that is Not Otherwise Applied at the time of incurrence 
 (xxvii) Indebtedness in the form of Capital Lease Obligations arising out of any Sale Leaseback and any Permitted Refinancing thereof 
 (xxviii) all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in clauses (i) through (xxvii) above. 
 (b) Holdings and each Intermediate Parent will not create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness except Indebtedness created under subsections (i), (ii)(C), (iii), (iv), (vi), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii), (xiii) and (xviii) of this Section 6.01(a) and all premiums (if any), interest (including post-petition interest), fees, expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations described in the foregoing clauses. 
 159 

(c) Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent to, issue any preferred Equity Interests or any Disqualified Equity Interests, except (A) in the case of Holdings, preferred Equity Interests that are Qualified Equity Interests and (B) in the case of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent, preferred Equity Interests or Disqualified Equity Interests issued to and held by Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.01, in the event that an item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Indebtedness described in clauses (i) through (xxvii) above, the Borrower shall, in its sole discretion, classify and reclassify or later divide, classify or reclassify such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in one or more of the above clauses, including for the avoidance of doubt classification and reclassifications within and between clauses (a) through (c) of the definition of Incremental Cap provided that all Indebtedness outstanding under the Loan Documents or under the Second Lien Facility will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance only on the applicable exception in clause (i) and clause (ii)(C), respectively. 
 Section 6.02 Liens . Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, except 
 (i) Liens created under the Loan Documents 
 (ii) Permitted Encumbrances 
 (iii) (A) Liens existing on Effective Date provided that any Lien securing Indebtedness or other obligations in excess of 2,500,000 individually shall only be permitted if set forth on Schedule 6.02 , and any modifications, replacements, renewals or extensions thereof provided that (1) such modified, replacement, renewal or extension Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (a) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and (b) proceeds and products thereof, and (2) the obligations secured or benefited by such modified, replacement, renewal or extension Lien are permitted by Section 6.01, and (B) Liens on the Collateral securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(ii)(C), provided that, in the case of this clause (B), such Liens shall be junior to the Liens securing the Secured Obligations pursuant to the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement 
 Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a)(v) or (xxvii) provided that (A) such Liens attach concurrently with or within 270 days after the acquisition, repair, replacement, construction or improvement (as applicable) of the property subject to such Liens, (B) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness, except for accessions to such property and the proceeds and the products thereof, and any lease of such property (including accessions thereto) and the proceeds and products thereof and (C) with respect to Capital Lease Obligations, such Liens do not at any time extend to or cover any assets (except for accessions to or proceeds of such assets) other than the assets subject to such Capital Lease Obligations provided further , that individual financings of equipment provided by 
 160 

one lender may be cross collateralized to other financings of equipment provided by such lender 
 (iv) leases, licenses, subleases, sublicenses or easement interests granted to others that do not (A) interfere in any material respect with the business of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (B) secure any Indebtedness 
 (v) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods 
 (vi) Liens (A) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code on items in the course of collection and (B) in favor of a banking institution arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits (including the right of setoff) and that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry 
 (vii) Liens (A) on cash advances or escrow deposits in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or otherwise in connection with any escrow arrangements with respect to any such Investment or any Disposition permitted under Section 6.05 (including any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to such Investment or Disposition) or (B) consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted under Section 6.05, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien 
 (viii) Liens on property of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, which Liens secure Indebtedness of such Restricted Subsidiary or another Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, in each case permitted under Section 6.01 
 (ix) Liens granted by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of any Loan Party, Liens granted by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party and Liens granted by a Loan Party in favor of any other Loan Party 
 (x) Liens existing on property at the time of its acquisition or existing on the property of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case after the date hereof (other than Liens on the Equity Interests of any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary) provided that (A) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, (B) such Lien does not extend to or cover any 
 161 

other assets or property (other than the proceeds or products thereof and other than after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time and which Indebtedness and other obligations are permitted hereunder that require or include, pursuant to their terms at such time, a pledge of after-acquired property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have applied but for such acquisition), and (C) the Indebtedness secured thereby is permitted under Section 6.01(a)(v) or (vii) 
 (xi) any interest or title of a lessor under leases (other than leases constituting Capital Lease Obligations) entered into by any of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (xii) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for sale or purchase of goods by any of the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business 
 (xiii) Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements under clause (e) of the definition of the term Permitted Investments 
 (xiv) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (xv) Liens that are contractual rights of setoff (A) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not given in connection with the incurrence of Indebtedness, (B) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries or (C) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business 
 (xvi) ground leases and other encumbrances in respect of real property (and interests therein) on which facilities owned, leased, subleased or licensed by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries are located 
 (xvii) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto 
 162 

(xviii) Liens (A) on the Collateral securing Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt, 
 (A) on the Collateral securing Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, (C) on the Collateral securing Incremental Equivalent Debt and Permitted Refinancings thereof and (D) on the Collateral securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(a)(xxiv) 
 (xix) other Liens provided that at the time of incurrence of the obligations secured thereby (after giving Pro Forma Effect to any such obligations) the aggregate outstanding face amount of obligations secured by Liens existing in reliance on this clause (xx) shall not exceed the greater of 37,500,000 and 15 of Consolidated EBITDA for the Test Period then last ended 
 (xx) Liens on cash and Permitted Investments used to satisfy or discharge Indebtedness provided such satisfaction or discharge is permitted hereunder 
 (xxi) receipt of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business to the extent the same creates a Lien on the related inventory and proceeds thereof 
 (xxii) Liens on cash or Permitted Investments securing Swap Agreements in the ordinary course of business submitted for clearing in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law and 
 (xxiii) Liens on deposits taken by a Restricted Subsidiary that constitutes a regulated bank incurred in connection with the taking of such deposits. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.02, in the event that any Lien meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of Liens described in clauses (i) through (xxiv) above, the Borrower shall, in its sole discretion, classify and reclassify or later divide, classify or reclassify such Lien (or any portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Lien in one or more of the above clauses provided that all Liens securing the Secured Obligations and all Liens securing the indebtedness outstanding under the Second Lien Credit Agreement will be deemed to have been incurred in reliance only on the applicable exception in clause (i) and clause (iii)(B), respectively. 
 
 Section 6.03 Fundamental Changes . 
 (a) Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent to, merge into or consolidate or amalgamate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that 
 163 

(i) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge with (A) the Borrower provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (B) one or more other Restricted Subsidiaries provided that when any Subsidiary Loan Party is merging or amalgamating with another Restricted Subsidiary either (1) the continuing or surviving Person shall be a Subsidiary Loan Party or (2) if the continuing or surviving Person is not a Subsidiary Loan Party, the acquisition of such Subsidiary Loan Party by such surviving Restricted Subsidiary is permitted under Section 6.04 
 (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Borrower determines in good faith that such action is in the best interests of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders 
 (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary may make a Disposition of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to another Restricted Subsidiary provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Loan Party, then either (A) the transferee must be a Loan Party, (B) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be an Investment in a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by Section 6.04 or (C) to the extent constituting a Disposition to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such Disposition is for Fair Market Value and any promissory note or other non-cash consideration received in respect thereof is an Investment in a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by Section 6.04 
 (iv) the Borrower may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person provided that (A) the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger or consolidation is not the Borrower (any such Person, the Successor Borrower ), (1) the Successor Borrower shall be an entity organized or existing under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof, (2) the Successor Borrower shall expressly assume all the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (3) each Loan Party other than the Borrower, unless it is the other party to such merger or consolidation, shall have reaffirmed, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that its Guarantee of, and grant of any Liens as security for, the Secured Obligations shall apply to the Successor Borrower s obligations under this Agreement and (4) the 
 164 

Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer and an opinion of counsel, each stating that such merger, amalgamation or consolidation complies with this Agreement provided further , that (x) if such Person is not a Loan Party, no Event of Default exists after giving effect to such merger or consolidation and (y) if the foregoing requirements are satisfied, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents provided further , that the Borrower agrees to provide any documentation and other information about the Successor Borrower as shall have been reasonably requested in writing by any Lender through the Administrative Agent that such Lender shall have reasonably determined is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including Title III of the USA Patriot Act 
 (v) Holdings or any Intermediate Parent may merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any other Person (other than the Borrower), so long as no Event of Default exists after giving effect to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation provided that (A) Holdings or Intermediate Parent, as applicable, shall be the continuing or surviving Person or (B) if the Person formed by or surviving any such merger, amalgamation or consolidation is not Holdings or Intermediate Parent, as applicable, or is a Person into which Holdings or Intermediate Parent, as applicable, has been liquidated (any such Person, the Successor Holdings ), (1) the Successor Holdings shall expressly assume all the obligations of Holdings or Intermediate Parent, as applicable, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which Holdings or Intermediate Parent, as applicable, is a party pursuant to a supplement hereto or thereto in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (2) each Loan Party other than Holdings or Intermediate Parent, as applicable, unless it is the other party to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, shall have reaffirmed, pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that its Guarantee of and grant of any Liens as security for the Secured Obligations shall apply to the Successor Holdings obligations under this Agreement, (3) the Successor Holdings shall, immediately following such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, directly or indirectly own all Subsidiaries owned by Holdings or Intermediate Parent, as applicable, immediately prior to such transaction, (4) Holdings or Intermediate Parent, as applicable, shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer and an opinion of counsel, each stating that such merger or consolidation complies with this Agreement and (5) Holdings or such Intermediate Parent, 
 165 

as applicable, may not merge, amalgamate or consolidate with any Subsidiary Loan Party if any Permitted Holdings Debt is then outstanding unless, after giving effect to such merger, amalgamation or consolidation, the Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than 2.00 to 1.00 on a Pro Forma Basis provided further , that if the foregoing requirements are satisfied, the Successor Holdings will succeed to, and be substituted for, Holdings or Intermediate Parent, as applicable, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents provided further , that the Borrower agree to provide any documentation and other information about the Successor Holdings as shall have been reasonably requested in writing by any the Lender through the Administrative Agent that such Lender shall have reasonably determined is required by regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including Title III of the USA Patriot Act 
 (vi) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any other Person in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 provided that the continuing or surviving Person shall be a Restricted Subsidiary, which together with each of the Restricted Subsidiaries, shall have complied with the requirements of Sections 5.11 and 5.12 
 (vii) Holdings, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries may consummate the Transactions and 
 (viii) any Restricted Subsidiary may effect a merger, dissolution, liquidation consolidation or amalgamation to effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to Section 6.05. 
 Section 6.04 Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions . Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent to, make or hold any Investment, except 
 (a) Permitted Investments at the time such Permitted Investment is made 
 (b) loans or advances to officers, directors and employees of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (i) for reasonable and customary business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes, (ii) in connection with such Person s purchase of Equity Interests in Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) provided that the amount of such loans and advances made in cash to such Person shall be contributed to the Borrower in cash as common equity or Qualified Equity Interests) and (iii) for purposes not described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) provided that at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount outstanding in reliance on this clause (iii) shall not to exceed 10,000,000 
 166 

(c) Investments by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary provided that, in the case of any Investment by a Loan Party in a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom 
 (d) Investments consisting of prepayments to suppliers in the ordinary course of business 
 (e) Investments consisting of extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of business 
 (f) Investments (i) existing or contemplated on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 6.04(f) and any modification, replacement, renewal, reinvestment or extension thereof and (ii) Investments existing on the date hereof by Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any modification, renewal or extension thereof provided that the amount of the original Investment is not increased except by the terms of such Investment to the extent as set forth on Schedule 6.04(f) or as otherwise permitted by this Section 6.04 
 (g) Investments in Swap Agreements permitted under Section 6.01 
 (h) promissory notes and other non-cash consideration received in connection with Dispositions permitted by Section 6.05 
 (i) Permitted Acquisitions 
 (j) Investments made in connection with the Transactions 
 (k) Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of endorsements for collection or deposit and customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with past practices 
 (l) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and customers, from financially troubled account debtors or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes with, customers and suppliers or upon the foreclosure with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment 
 (m) loans and advances by Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any direct or indirect parent of Holdings in lieu of, and not in excess of the amount of (after giving effect to any other loans, advances or Restricted Payments in respect thereof), Restricted Payments to the extent permitted to be made by Holdings to such parent in accordance with Section 6.08(a) 
 167 

(n) other Investments and other acquisitions provided that at the time any such Investment or other acquisition is made, the aggregate outstanding amount of all Investments made in reliance on this clause (n) together with the aggregate amount of all consideration paid in connection with all other acquisitions made in reliance on this clause (n) (including the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness assumed in connection with any such other acquisition), shall not exceed the sum of (A) the greater of 95,000,000 and 38 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period after giving Pro Forma Effect to the making of such Investment or other acquisition, plus (B) so long as immediately after giving effect to any such Investment no Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing, the Available Amount that is Not Otherwise Applied as in effect immediately prior to the time of making of such Investment, plus (C) the Available Equity Amount that is Not Otherwise Applied as in effect immediately prior to the time of making of such Investment 
 (o) reserved 
 (p) advances of payroll payments to employees in the ordinary course of business 
 (q) Investments and other acquisitions to the extent that payment for such Investments is made with Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof or the IPO Entity) provided that (i) such amounts used pursuant to this clause (q) shall not increase the Available Equity Amount and (ii) any amounts used for such an Investment or other acquisition that are not Qualified Equity Interests of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof or the IPO Entity) shall otherwise be permitted pursuant to this Section 6.04 
 (r) Investments of a Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date or of a Person merged or consolidated with any Subsidiary in accordance with this Section and Section 6.03 after the Effective Date to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger or consolidation 
 (s) non-cash Investments in connection with tax planning and reorganization activities provided that after giving effect to any such activities, the security interests of the Lenders in the Collateral, taken as a whole, would not be materially impaired 
 (t) Investments consisting of Liens, Indebtedness, fundamental changes, Dispositions, Restricted Payments and Restricted Debt Payments permitted (other than by reference to this Section 6.04(t)) under Sections 6.02, 6.01, 6.03, 6.05, 6.08(a) and 6.08(b), respectively 
 (u) additional Investments provided that after giving effect to such Investment (A) on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.80 to 1.00 and (B) there is no continuing Event of Default 
 (v) contributions to a rabbi trust for the benefit of employees, directors, consultants, independent contractors or other service providers or other grantor trust subject to claims of creditors in the case of a bankruptcy of the Borrower 
 (w) to the extent that they constitute Investments, purchases and acquisitions of inventory, supplies, materials or equipment or purchases, acquisitions, licenses or leases of other assets, Intellectual Property, or other rights, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
 168 

(x) Investments in Subsidiaries in the form of receivables and related assets required in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing (including the contribution or lending of cash and cash equivalents to Subsidiaries to finance the purchase of such assets from the Borrower or other Restricted Subsidiaries or to otherwise fund required reserves) and 
 (y) Investments by an Unrestricted Subsidiary entered into prior to the day such Unrestricted Subsidiary is redesignated as a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.04, with respect to any Investment initially made in reliance on a dollar-based criteria described in clauses (a) through (y) above in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary at the time of, or after giving effect to, the making of such Investment, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, reclassify such Investment (or any portion thereof) to clause (i) of this Section 6.04 upon such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Section 6.05 Asset Sales . (a) Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent, to, (i) sell, transfer, lease, license or otherwise dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it or (ii) permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity Interest in such Restricted Subsidiary (other than issuing directors qualifying shares, nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Requirements of Law and other than issuing Equity Interests to Holdings, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in compliance with Section 6.04(c)) (each, a Disposition ), except 
 (a) Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business and Dispositions of property no longer used or useful, or economically practicable to maintain, in the conduct of the business of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (including allowing any registration or application for registration of any Intellectual Property that is no longer used or useful, or economically practicable to maintain, to lapse or go abandoned) 
 (b) Dispositions of inventory and other assets in the ordinary course of business 
 (c) Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) an amount equal to the Net Proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property 
 (d) Dispositions of property to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary provided that if the transferor in such a transaction is a Loan Party, then either (i) the transferee must be a Loan Party, (ii) to the extent constituting an Investment, such Investment must be an Investment in a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by Section 6.04 or (iii) to the extent constituting a Disposition to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, such Disposition is for Fair Market Value and any promissory note or other non-cash consideration received in respect thereof is an Investment in a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party permitted by Section 6.04 
 (e) Dispositions permitted by Section 6.03, Investments permitted by Section 6.04, Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08(a), Restricted Debt Payments permitted by Section 6.08(b) and Liens permitted by Section 6.02, in each case, other than by reference to this Section 6.05(e) 
 (f) reserved 
 169 

(g) Dispositions of Permitted Investments 
 (h) Dispositions of (A) accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof (including sales to factors or other third parties) and (B) receivables and related assets pursuant to any Permitted Receivables Financing 
 (i) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses, in each case in the ordinary course of business and that do not materially interfere with the business of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (j) transfers of property subject to Casualty Events upon receipt of the Net Proceeds of such Casualty Event 
 (k) Dispositions of property to Persons other than Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (including (x) the sale or issuance of Equity Interests in a Restricted Subsidiary and (y) any Sale Leaseback) not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.05 provided that (i) such Disposition is made for Fair Market Value and (ii) with respect to any Disposition pursuant to this clause (k) for a purchase price in excess of 25,000,000 for any transaction or series of related transactions, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary shall receive not less than 75 of such consideration in the form of cash or Permitted Investments provided, however , that for the purposes of this clause (ii), (A) any liabilities (as shown on the most recent balance sheet of the Borrower provided hereunder or in the footnotes thereto) of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Document Obligations, that are assumed by the transferee with respect to the applicable Disposition and for which Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall have been validly released by all applicable creditors in writing, shall be deemed to be cash, (B) any securities received by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Permitted Investments (to the extent of the cash or Permitted Investments received) within 180 days following the closing of the applicable Disposition, shall be deemed to be cash and (C) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Disposition having an aggregate Fair Market Value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (k) that is at that time outstanding, not in excess (at the time of receipt of such Designated Non-Cash Consideration) of the greater of (x) 50,000,000 and (y) 20 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period, with the Fair Market Value of each item of Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value, shall be deemed to be cash 
 (l) Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to customary buy sell arrangements between, the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements 
 (m) Dispositions of any assets (including Equity Interests) (i) acquired in connection with any Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted hereunder, which assets are not used or useful to the core or principal business of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (ii) made to obtain the approval of any applicable antitrust authority in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or other similar Investment permitted hereunder 
 170 

(n) transfers of condemned property as a result of the exercise of eminent domain or other similar powers to the respective Governmental Authority or agency that has condemned the same (whether by deed in lieu of condemnation or otherwise), and transfers of property arising from foreclosure or similar action or that have been subject to a casualty to the respective insurer of such real property as part of an insurance settlement 
 (o) Dispositions of property for Fair Market Value not otherwise permitted under this Section 6.05 having an aggregate purchase price not to exceed 50,000,000 and 
 (p) the sale or discount (with or without recourse) of accounts receivable and related assets in connection with a Permitted Receivables Financing. 
 Section 6.06 Holdings Covenant . Holdings and any Intermediate Parent will not conduct, transact or otherwise engage in any business or operations, or own any Equity Interests of any Person, other than (i) the ownership and or acquisition of the Equity Interests of the Borrower and any Intermediate Parent, (ii) the maintenance of its legal existence, including the ability to incur fees, costs and expenses relating to such maintenance, (iii) participating in tax, accounting and other administrative matters as a member of the consolidated group of Holdings and or the Borrower, (iv) the performance of its obligations under and in connection with the Loan Documents, any documentation governing any Indebtedness or Guarantee permitted to be incurred or made by it under Article VI, the Acquisition Agreement, the Transactions, the other agreements contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement and the other agreements contemplated hereby and thereby, (v) any public offering of its common stock or any other issuance or registration of its (or its direct or indirect parent s) Equity Interests for sale or resale not prohibited by this Agreement, including the costs, fees and expenses related thereto, including the formation of one or more shell companies to facilitate any such offering or issuance, (vi) any transaction that Holdings or any Intermediate Parent is permitted to enter into or consummate under Article VI (including, but not limited to, the making of any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.08 or holding of any cash or Permitted Investments received in connection with Restricted Payments made in accordance with Section 6.08 pending application thereof in the manner contemplated by Section 6.04, the incurrence or payment of any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by it under Section 6.01 or not prohibited to be paid by it under Section 6.08(b) and, subject to the limitations set forth in the preceding clause (i), the making of any Investment in any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries permitted to be made by it under Section 6.04), (vii) incurring fees, costs and expenses relating to overhead and general operating including professional fees for legal, tax and accounting issues and paying taxes, (viii) providing indemnification to officers and directors and as otherwise permitted in Section 6.09, (ix) activities incidental to the consummation of the Transactions and (x) activities incidental to the businesses or activities described in clauses (i) to (ix) of this paragraph. 
 Section 6.07 Negative Pledge . Holdings and the Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent to enter into any agreement, instrument, deed or lease that prohibits or limits the ability of any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of their respective properties or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, for the benefit of the Secured Parties with respect to the Secured Obligations or under the Loan Documents provided that the foregoing shall not apply to 
 171 

(a) restrictions and conditions imposed by (i) Requirements of Law, (ii) any Loan Document, (iii) the documentation relating to the Second Lien Facility, (iv) any documentation related to any Permitted Receivables Financing, (v) any documentation governing Incremental Equivalent Debt, (vi) any documentation governing Permitted Unsecured Refinancing Debt, Permitted First Priority Refinancing Debt or Permitted Second Priority Refinancing Debt, (vii) any documentation governing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(a)(xxiv) and (viii) any documentation governing any Permitted Refinancing incurred to refinance any such Indebtedness referenced in clauses (i) through (vii) above provided that with respect to Indebtedness referenced in (A) clauses (v) and (vii) above, such restrictions shall be no more restrictive in any material respect than the restrictions and conditions in the Loan Documents or, in the case of Junior Financing, are market terms at the time of issuance and (B) clause (vi) or clause (viii) above, such restrictions shall not expand the scope in any material respect of any such restriction or condition contained in the Indebtedness being Refinanced 
 (b) customary restrictions and conditions existing on the Effective Date and any extension, renewal, amendment, modification or replacement thereof, except to the extent any such amendment, modification or replacement expands the scope of any such restriction or condition 
 (c) restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary or any assets pending such sale provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary or assets that is or are to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder 
 (d) customary provisions in leases, licenses and other contracts restricting the assignment thereof 
 (e) restrictions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement to the extent such restriction applies only to the property securing by such Indebtedness 
 (f) any restrictions or conditions set forth in any agreement in effect at any time any Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary (but not any modification or amendment expanding the scope of any such restriction or condition) provided that such agreement was not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary and the restriction or condition set forth in such agreement does not apply to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
 (g) restrictions or conditions in any Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01 that is incurred or assumed by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties to the extent such restrictions or conditions are no more restrictive in any material respect than the restrictions and conditions in the Loan Documents or, in the case of Junior Financing, are market terms at the time of issuance and are imposed solely on such Restricted Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries 
 (h) restrictions on cash (or Permitted Investments) or other deposits imposed by agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business (or other restrictions on cash or deposits constituting Permitted Encumbrances) 
 (i) restrictions set forth on Schedule 6.07 and any extension, renewal, amendment, modification or replacement thereof, except to the extent any such amendment, modification or replacement expands the scope of any such restriction or condition 
 172 

(j) customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar agreements applicable to joint ventures permitted by Section 6.02 and applicable solely to such joint venture and entered into in the ordinary course of business and 
 (k) customary net worth provisions contained in real property leases entered into by Subsidiaries, so long as the Borrower has determined in good faith that such net worth provisions could not reasonably be expected to impair the ability of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations. 
 Section 6.08 Restricted Payments Certain Payments of Indebtedness . 
 (a) Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Intermediate Parent or Restricted Subsidiary to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except 
 (i) Each Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to Holdings, an Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary provided that in the case of any such Restricted Payment by a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, such Restricted Payment is made to the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary and to each other owner of Equity Interests of such Restricted Subsidiary based on their relative ownership interests of the relevant class of Equity Interests 
 (ii) reserved 
 (iii) Holdings may declare and make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the Equity Interests of Holdings 
 (iv) Restricted Payments made to consummate the Transactions and pay fees and expenses related thereto (including Restricted Payments made (A) to holders of restricted stock or performance stock units as provided by the Acquisition Agreement as in effect on the Effective Date, (B) to holders of Equity Interests of the Target (immediately prior to giving effect to the Acquisition) in connection with, or as a result of, their exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto, in each case, with respect to the Transactions and (C) in order to satisfy indemnity and other similar obligations under the Acquisition Agreement as in effect on the Effective Date) 
 (v) repurchases of Equity Interests in Holdings (or Restricted Payments by Holdings to allow repurchases of Equity Interest in any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such stock options or warrants 
 173 

(vi) Restricted Payments made by Holdings to redeem, acquire, retire or repurchase its Equity Interests (or any options, warrants, restricted stock units or stock appreciation rights issued with respect to any of such Equity Interests) (or make Restricted Payments to allow any of Holdings direct or indirect parent companies to so redeem, retire, acquire or repurchase their Equity Interests) held by future, current or former officers, managers, consultants, directors and employees (or their respective affiliates, spouses, former spouses, other immediate family members, successors, executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributees) of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof), any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, upon the death, disability, retirement or termination of employment of any such Person or otherwise in accordance with any stock option or stock appreciation rights plan, any management, director and or employee stock ownership or incentive plan, stock subscription plan, employment termination agreement or any other employment agreements or equity holders agreement provided that the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments permitted by this clause (vi) after the Effective Date, together with the aggregate amount of loans and advances by Holdings, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any parent of Holdings made pursuant to Section 6.04(m) in lieu thereof, shall not exceed the sum of (A) the greater of 10,000,000 and 4.0 of Consolidated EBITDA (increasing to the greater of 15,000,000 and 6.0 of Consolidated EBITDA after the consummation an IPO) for the most recently ended Test Period after giving Pro Forma Effect to the making of such Restricted Payment in any fiscal year of the Borrower and (B) the amount in any fiscal year equal to the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries after the Effective Date provided that any unused portion of the preceding basket calculated pursuant to clauses (A) and (B) above for any fiscal year may be carried forward to succeeding fiscal years 
 (vii) Holdings may make Restricted Payments in cash 
 (A) to allow any direct or indirect parent of Holdings to pay, for any taxable period for which Holdings and or any of its Subsidiaries are members of a consolidated, combined or unitary tax group for U.S. federal and or applicable state, local or foreign income Tax (or any similar Tax imposed in lieu of an income tax) for the purposes of which a direct or indirect parent of Holdings is the common parent or applicable taxpayer (a Tax Group ), the portion of any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign Taxes (as applicable) of such Tax Group for such taxable period that is attributable to Holdings and or its Subsidiaries or such parent s or applicable 
 174 

taxpayer s ownership of Holdings and or its Subsidiaries (net of any payments already made by Holdings and its Subsidiaries) provided that Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (a)(vii)(A) shall not exceed the Tax liability that Holdings and or its Subsidiaries (as applicable) would have incurred were such Taxes determined as if such entity(ies) were a standalone taxpayer or a stand-alone group and provided further , that Restricted Payments under this clause (A) in respect of any Taxes attributable to the income of any Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower may be made only to the extent that such Unrestricted Subsidiaries have made cash payments for such purpose to Holdings, the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (B) the proceeds of which shall be used by any direct or indirect parent of Holdings to pay (1) its operating expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business and other corporate overhead costs and expenses (including travel, administrative, legal, accounting, audit and similar expenses payable to third parties) that are reasonable and customary and incurred in the ordinary course of business and attributable to the ownership of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, (2) any reasonable and customary indemnification claims made by directors or officers of any direct or indirect parent of Holdings attributable to the ownership or operations of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, (3) fees and expenses (x) due and payable by any of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and (y) otherwise permitted to be paid by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries under this Agreement, (4) payments that would otherwise be permitted to be paid directly by the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 6.09(iii) or (5) subject to there being no continuing Event of Default, (I) payments that would otherwise be permitted to be paid directly by Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 6.09(x) or (II) to the extent permitted by Section 6.09, other customary advisory, refinancing, subsequent transaction and exit fees and franchise, registration or similar Taxes payable by any direct or indirect parent of Holdings that are attributable to the ownership of Holdings and its Subsidiaries 
 (C) the proceeds of which shall be used by any direct or indirect parent of Holdings to pay franchise and 
 175 

similar Taxes, and other fees and expenses, required to maintain its corporate existence 
 (D) the proceeds of which shall be used by any direct or indirect parent of Holdings to make payments of the type permitted by Section 6.08(a)(iv) or Section 6.08(a)(vi) 
 (E) Reserved 
 (F) the proceeds of which shall be used to pay customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to officers and employees of any direct or indirect parent company of Holdings to the extent such salaries, bonuses and other benefits are attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries and 
 (G) the proceeds of which shall be used by any direct or indirect parent of Holdings to pay fees and expenses related to any equity or debt offering not prohibited by this Agreement (whether or not such offering is successful) 
 (viii) in addition to the foregoing Restricted Payments, Holdings may make additional Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount, when taken together with the aggregate amount of (1) prepayments, redemptions, purchases, defeasances and other payments in respect of Junior Financings made pursuant to Section 6.08(b)(iv) and (2) loans and advances made pursuant to Section 6.04(m) in lieu of Restricted Payments permitted by this clause (viii), not to exceed the sum of (A) an amount at the time of making any such Restricted Payment and together with any other Restricted Payment made utilizing this clause (A) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, not to exceed the greater of 75,000,000 and 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period after giving Pro Forma Effect to the making of such Restricted Payment plus (B) so long as except with respect to use of the Starter Basket that is Not Otherwise Applied, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Available Amount that is Not Otherwise Applied plus (C) the Available Equity Amount that is Not Otherwise Applied 
 (ix) redemptions in whole or in part of any of its Equity Interests for another class of its Equity Interests or with proceeds from substantially concurrent equity contributions or issuances of new Equity Interests provided that such new Equity Interests contain terms and provisions at least as advantageous to the Lenders in all respects material to their interests as those contained in the Equity Interests 
 176 

redeemed thereby provided further that such amounts are not included in the Available Equity Amount or constitute a Permitted Cure Security 
 (x) payments made or expected to be made in respect of withholding or similar Taxes payable by any future, present or former employee, director, manager or consultant and any repurchases of Equity Interests in consideration of such payments including deemed repurchases in connection with the exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units 
 (xi) Holdings may (a) pay cash in lieu of fractional Equity Interests in connection with any dividend, split or combination thereof or any Permitted Acquisition (or other similar Investment) and (b) honor any conversion request by a holder of convertible Indebtedness and make cash payments in lieu of fractional shares in connection with any such conversion and may make payments on convertible Indebtedness in accordance with its terms 
 (xii) the declaration and payment of Restricted Payments on Holdings common stock (or the payment of Restricted Payments to any direct or indirect parent company of Holdings to fund a payment of dividends on such company s common stock), following consummation of an IPO provided that the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (xiii) in any fiscal year shall not exceed an amount equal to the greater of (i) 6.0 of the aggregate net cash proceeds of such IPO received by or contributed to the IPO Entity and (ii) 5.0 of the market capitalization of Holdings or such parent, as applicable, immediately after giving effect to such IPO 
 (xiii) (xiv) payments made or expected to be made by Holdings (or any parent thereof) in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable upon exercise of Equity Interests of Holdings (or such parent) by any future, present or former employee, director, officer, manager or consultant of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (or their respective controlled Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) and any repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Equity Interests of Holdings (or such parent) represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants or required withholding or similar taxes 
 (xiv) (xv) additional Restricted Payments provided that after giving effect to such Restricted Payment (A) on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.55 to 1.00 and (B) there is no continuing Event of Default and 
 (xv) (xvi) the distribution, by dividend or otherwise, of shares of Equity Interests of, or Indebtedness owed to Holdings, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary by, Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the primary assets of which are Permitted Investments). 
 177 

(b) Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Restricted Subsidiary to make or pay, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Junior Financing, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Junior Financing (the foregoing, Restricted Debt Payments ), except 
 (i) payment of regularly scheduled interest and principal payments (including any required AHYDO catch-up payment) as, in the form of payment and when due in respect of any Indebtedness, other than payments in respect of any Junior Financing prohibited by the subordination provisions thereof 
 (ii) refinancings of Indebtedness with proceeds of a Junior Financing, or, other than in the case of Indebtedness subordinated in right of payment to the Loan Documents, unsecured Indebtedness, in each case, permitted to be incurred under Section 6.01 
 (iii) the conversion of any Junior Financing to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Holdings or any of its direct or indirect parent companies or any Intermediate Parent 
 (iv) Restricted Debt Payments, when taken together with the aggregate amount of (1) Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 6.08(a)(viii) and (2) loans and advances to Holdings made pursuant to Section 6.04(m) in lieu of Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08(a)(viii) not to exceed the sum of (A) an amount at the time of making any such Restricted Debt Payment and together with any other Restricted Debt Payment made utilizing this clause (A) so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, not to exceed the greater of 75,000,000 and 30.0 of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended Test Period after giving Pro Forma Effect to the making of such Restricted Debt Payment plus (B) so long as except with respect to use of the Starter Basket that is Not Otherwise Applied, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, the Available Amount that is Not Otherwise Applied plus (C) the Available Equity Amount that is Not Otherwise Applied and 
 (v) additional Restricted Debt Payments provided that after giving effect to such Restricted Debt Payment (A) on a Pro Forma Basis, the Total Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 4.80 1.00 and (B) there is no continuing Event of Default. 
 178 

(c) Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent to, amend or modify any documentation governing any Junior Financing, in each case if the effect of such amendment or modification (when taken as a whole) is materially adverse to the Lenders in their capacity as such (except to the extent such amendment is made to effectuate any Restricted Debt Payment permitted by Section 6.08(b)). 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the foregoing provisions of Section 6.08 will not prohibit the payment of any Restricted Payment or the consummation of any irrevocable redemption, purchase, defeasance or other payment within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof or the giving of such irrevocable notice, as applicable, if at the date of declaration or the giving of such notice such payment would have complied with the provisions of this Agreement. 
 The amounts set forth in Section 6.08(a)(viii)(A) and 6.08(b)(iv)(A) (without duplication) may, in lieu of Restricted Payments or payments in respect of Junior Financing, be utilized by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to make or hold any Investments without regards to Section 6.04. 
 6.09 Transactions with Affiliates . Neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except 
 (i) (A) transactions with Holdings, the Borrower, any Intermediate Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary and (B) transactions involving aggregate payments or consideration of less than 15,000,000 
 (ii) on terms substantially as favorable to Holdings, the Borrower, such Intermediate Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary as would be obtainable by such Person at the time in a comparable arm s-length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate 
 (iii) the Transactions and the payment of fees and expenses related to the Transactions 
 (iv) issuances of Equity Interests of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent or the Borrower to the extent otherwise permitted by this Agreement 
 (v) employment and severance arrangements between Holdings, the Borrower, any Intermediate Parent and the Restricted Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees in the ordinary course of business or otherwise in connection with the Transactions (including loans and advances pursuant to Sections 6.04(b) and 6.04(p)) 
 (vi) payments by Holdings (and any direct or indirect parent thereof), any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to tax sharing agreements among Holdings (and any such parent thereof), any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries on customary terms to the extent attributable 
 179 

to the ownership or operation of any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, to the extent payments are permitted by Section 6.08 
 (vii) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out-of-pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, officers and employees of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent company thereof), the Borrower, any Intermediate Parent and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries 
 (viii) transactions pursuant to permitted agreements in existence or contemplated on the Effective Date and set forth on Schedule 6.09 or any amendment thereto to the extent such an amendment is not adverse to the Lenders in any material respect 
 (ix) Restricted Payments and Restricted Debt Payments permitted under Section 6.08 (other than Section 6.08(a)(vii)(B)(4) or (5)) 
 (x) customary payments (including related indemnities and expense reimbursements) by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower and any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to the Sponsor made for any financial advisory, consulting, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities (including in connection with acquisitions, divestitures or financings), which payments are approved by the majority of the members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors of such Person in good faith (including the payment of management and monitoring fees to certain of the Sponsor (or management companies of the Sponsor) in amounts contemplated by the services agreement entered into as of the Effective Date and any termination or success fees payable thereunder in connection with the early termination of such agreement) 
 (xi) the issuance or transfer of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of Holdings to any Permitted Holder or to any former, current or future director, manager, officer, employee or consultant (or any Affiliate of any of the foregoing) of the Borrower, any of the Subsidiaries or any direct or indirect parent thereof and 
 (xii) transactions in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing. 
 
 180 

Section 6.10 Financial Covenant . 
 (i) The Borrower will not permit the First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter ending after the Effective Date (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2017), but only to the extent the Testing Condition is satisfied as of such day, to be greater than 7.00 to 1.00 provided that, in calculating the First Lien Leverage Ratio solely for purposes of this Section 6.10 
 (a) (a) Capital Lease Obligations shall exclude and Consolidated First Lien Debt shall not, for the avoidance of doubt, be increased by 
 (ii) (i) Capitalized Leases created as a result of renewals, amendments, restatements, modifications or refinancings of leases existing on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (or, with respect to leases with Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and or any of its Affiliates, renewals, amendments, restatements, modifications or refinancings prior to, on, or after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date) that were previously accounted for as operating leases under GAAP, and Permitted Refinancings thereof, 
 (iii) (ii) any increase in Capital Lease Obligations created as a result of renewals, amendments, restatements, modifications or refinancings of Capitalized Leases existing on the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (or, with respect to leases with Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and or any of its Affiliates, renewals, amendments, restatements, modifications or refinancings prior to, on, or after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date) and Permitted Refinancings thereof, and 
 (iv) (iii) Capitalized Leases entered into by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries on or after the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date (or, with respect to Digital Realty Trust, Inc., and or any of its Affiliates, on or after December 1, 2018) and Permitted Refinancings thereof, and 
 (d) the cash rent with respect to Capital Leases (or the portion thereof) excluded pursuant to the foregoing clause (a) shall, without duplication, be deducted from the calculation of Consolidated EBITDA to the extent such amount would have lowered Consolidated EBITDA if such Capital Leases were treated as operating leases. 
 (ii) During the Amendment No. 6 Restricted Period, neither Holdings nor the Borrower will, nor will they permit any Restricted Subsidiary or Intermediate Parent to 
 (a) (A) designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if such Restricted Subsidiary owns Material Assets or (B) transfer any Material Assets to any Unrestricted Subsidiary (for purposes of this clause (a) Material Assets means assets owned by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are material to the operation of the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as reasonably determined by the Borrower) 
 (b) make Investments in, or transfer assets (valued at their Fair Market Value) to, Unrestricted Subsidiaries, in an aggregate amount in excess of 25,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (c) incur Indebtedness of which the primary obligor or a guarantor is a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in reliance on clauses (vii), 
 181 

(xiv), (xix), (xxv) or (xxiv) of Section 6.01(a) in an aggregate amount in excess of 50,000,000 outstanding at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto 
 (d) incur any Indebtedness in reliance on Section 6.01(xxvi) 
 (e) incur Indebtedness for borrowed money that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral having equal priority with the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations in an aggregate amount in excess of 50,000,000 outstanding at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving Pro Forma Effect thereto 
 (f) incur Indebtedness for borrowed money that is secured by Liens on the Collateral having senior priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Secured Obligations 
 (g) make Investments pursuant to 6.04(n)(A) in an aggregate amount in excess of 50,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (h) make any Investments pursuant to Section 6.04(u) 
 (i) make Investments by Loan Parties in Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (or that will not become Loan Parties) pursuant to clauses (c), (i), (n)(A) or (n)(B) of Section 6.04 in an aggregate amount in excess of 150,000,000 at any time outstanding 
 (j) make any Restricted Payments pursuant to Section 6.08(a)(viii)(B) or Section 6.08(a)(xv) 
 (k) make any Restricted Debt Payments pursuant to Section 6.08(b)(iv)(B) or Section 6.08(b)(v) 
 (l) consummate any transaction that would result in any Subsidiary Loan Party becoming an Excluded Subsidiary pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary and thereby causing the release of such Subsidiary Loan Party from its obligations under the Loan Documents unless (i) such transaction is with an entity that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower, (ii) such transaction has not been entered into with the primary purpose of evading the guarantee requirements set forth herein (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) and (iii) the release of such Subsidiary constitutes an Investment by the applicable Loan Party in such Subsidiary at the date of such release in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary that continue to be held by such Loan Party with such Investment being permitted at such time pursuant to Section 6.04 and this Section 6.10(ii) 
 (m) fail to furnish to the Administrative Agent, on behalf of each Lender, commencing April 13, 2023 and for each four-week anniversary of such date thereafter (each such date, a Cash Flow Forecast Date ), (i) a 13-week operating budget of the Loan Parties detailing the Loan Parties anticipated weekly cash receipts and disbursements and anticipated weekly cash flow projections, on a consolidated basis (being based on assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable in light of current market conditions as of the date of the preparation thereof (it being 
 182 

acknowledged and agreed that projections as to future events are not to be viewed as facts and that projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Borrower s control and that no assurance can be given that any particular projections will be realized and actual results during the period or periods covered by any such projections may differ significantly from the projected results and such differences may be material) for such 13-week period, in form customarily prepared by management of the Borrower and (ii) a variance report setting forth the Loan Parties actual consolidated disbursements and receipts for the 13-week period covered by the most recently ended Cash Flow Forecast Date, in form customarily prepared by management of the Borrower provided that, notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document, no Default or Event of Default shall occur by failure to observe or perform under this clause (m) unless such failure continues unremedied for a period of ten (10) Business Days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and 
 (n) in calculating Consolidated EBITDA or any financial ratio for any purpose of this Agreement, add back to Consolidated EBITDA any amounts pursuant to clause (b) of the definition of Consolidated EBITDA (other than any amounts in connection with actual headcount reductions) in excess of 5 of Consolidated EBITDA (calculated prior to giving effect to such addback). 
 
 Article VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 Section 7.01 Events of Default . If any of the following events (any such event, an Event of Default shall occur 
 (a) any Loan Party shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when and as the same shall become due and payable hereunder, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise 
 (b) any Loan Party shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section) payable under any Loan Document, 
 when and as the same shall become due and payable hereunder, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five Business Days 
 (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries in or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with any Loan Document or any amendment or modification thereof or waiver thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made, and such incorrect representation or warranty (if curable) shall remain incorrect for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower 
 183 

(d) Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 5.02(a), 5.04 (with respect to the existence of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent or the Borrower), 5.10 or in Article VI provided that any failure to observe or perform Section 6.10 (a Financial Covenant Event of Default shall not constitute an Event of Default with respect to any Term Loans unless and until the date on which the Revolving Lenders have actually terminated the Revolving Commitments and declared all Obligations under the Revolving Facility to be immediately due and payable in accordance with this Agreement (a Financial Covenant Cross Default 
 (e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in paragraph (a), (b) or (d) of this Section), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent to the Borrower 
 (f) Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal, interest or otherwise and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable (after giving effect to any applicable grace period) 
 (g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits (with all applicable grace periods having expired) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity, provided that this paragraph (g) shall not apply to (i) secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the sale, transfer or other disposition (including as a result of a casualty or condemnation event) of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness (to the extent such sale, transfer or other disposition is not prohibited under this Agreement) or (ii) termination events or similar events occurring under any Swap Agreement that constitutes Material Indebtedness (it being understood that paragraph (f) of this Section will apply to any failure to make any payment required as a result of any such termination or similar event) 
 (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, court protection, reorganization or other relief in respect of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or its debts, or of a material part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, examiner, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a material part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed or unstayed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered 
 184 

(i) Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, court protection, reorganization or other relief under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in paragraph (h) of this Section, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, examiner, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a material part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding or (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors 
 (j) one or more enforceable judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 25,000,000 (to the extent not covered by insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of such judgment or order and has not denied its obligation) shall be rendered against Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower, any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of 60 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any judgment creditor shall legally attach or levy upon assets of such Loan Party that are material to the businesses and operations of Holdings, the Intermediate Parents, the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to enforce any such judgment 
 (k) (i) an ERISA Event or Foreign Plan Event occurs that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate or (ii) any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its Withdrawal Liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan, except, in each case, as could not, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (l) any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any material portion of the Collateral, except (i) as a result of the sale or other disposition of the applicable Collateral to a Person that is not a Loan Party in a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents, (ii) as a result of the Administrative Agent s failure to (A) maintain possession of any stock certificates, promissory notes or other instruments delivered to it under the Security Documents or (B) file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements, (iii) as to Collateral consisting of real property, to the extent that such losses are covered by a lender s title insurance policy and such insurer has not denied coverage or (iv) as a result of acts or omissions of the Administrative Agent or any Lender 
 (m) any material provision of any Loan Document or any Guarantee of the Loan Document Obligations shall for any reason be asserted by any Loan Party not to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of any Loan Party thereto other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder 
 (n) any Guarantees of the Loan Document Obligations by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or Subsidiary Loan Party pursuant to the Guarantee Agreement shall cease to be in full force and effect (in each case, other than in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents) 
 (o) a Change of Control shall occur 
 185 

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to Holdings or the Borrower described in paragraph (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower and in case of any event with respect to Holdings or the Borrower described in paragraph (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
 If a Financial Covenant Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) the Required Revolving Lenders may either (x) terminate the Revolving Commitments and or (y) take the actions specified in the immediately preceding paragraph in respect of the Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Loans, Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans and (2) the Required Lenders may take any of the actions specified in in the immediately preceding paragraph if a Financial Covenant Cross Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if the only Event of Default then having occurred and continuing is the Financial Covenant Event of Default, then the Administrative Agent may not take any of the actions set forth in the second preceding paragraph during the period commencing on the date that the Administrative Agent receives a Notice of Intent to Cure and ending on the Cure Expiration Date with respect thereto in accordance with and to the extent permitted by Section 7.03 provided that no Revolving Lender, Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender shall be required to make any Loan or issue any Letters of Credit during such period. 
 Section 7.02 Application of Proceeds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 7.01, any amounts received on account of the Secured Obligations, shall be applied, subject to the provisions of any applicable Intercreditor Agreements, by the Administrative Agent as follows 
 (a) First , to the payment of all reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses, fees, commissions and taxes of such sale, collection or other realization including, without limitation, compensation to the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and all expenses, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection therewith, pro rata until the same has been prepaid in full 
 (b) Second , to the payment of all other reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses of such sale, collection or other realization including, without limitation, costs and expenses and all costs, liabilities and advances made or incurred by the other Secured Parties in connection therewith, pro rata until the same has been prepaid in full 
 (c) Third , to interest then due and payable on the Loans and Letters of Credit and any fees, premiums and scheduled periodic payments due under Secured Cash Management Obligations and Secured Swap Obligations, pro rata until the same has been prepaid in full 
 186 

(d) Fourth , to the principal balance of the Loans and Letters of Credit (and to cash collateralize undrawn Letters of Credit) outstanding and any breakage, termination or other payments 
 under Secured Cash Management Obligations and Secured Swap Obligations, pro rata, until the same has been prepaid in full 
 (e) Fifth , to all other Secured Obligations pro rata until the same has been prepaid in full 
 and 
 (f) Sixth , the balance, if any, as required by the Intercreditor Agreement(s) or, in the absence of any such requirement, to the Person lawfully entitled thereto (including the applicable Loan Party or its successors or assigns). 
 Amounts used to cash collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fourth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as cash collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Secured Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. Amounts distributed with respect to any Secured Cash Management Obligations shall be the lesser of the maximum Secured Bank Product Obligations under the applicable Facility last reported to the Administrative Agent or the actual Secured Bank Product Obligations as calculated by the methodology reported to the Administrative Agent for determining the amount due. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to calculate the amount to be distributed with respect to any Secured Cash Management Obligations, and may request a reasonably detailed calculation of such amount from the applicable Secured Party. If a Secured Party fails to deliver such calculation within five days following request by the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume the amount to be distributed is zero. 
 In the event that any such proceeds are insufficient to pay in full the items described in clauses First through Fifth of this Section 7.02(a), the Loan Parties shall remain liable for any deficiency. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, this Section 7.02 is subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreements. 
 (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation to Secured Obligations otherwise set forth in Section 4.02 of the Collateral Agreement and or the similar provisions in the other Security Documents. 
 Section 7.03 Cure Right . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article VII, in the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the requirements of Section 6.10 (i) , until the expiration of the 10 th Business Day subsequent to the date the financial statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) or 5.01(b), as applicable, for the applicable Test Period (the Cure Expiration Date ), Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) shall have the right to issue Permitted Cure Securities for cash or otherwise receive cash contributions to (or in the case of any direct or indirect parent of Holdings, receive equity interests in Holdings for its cash contributions to) the capital of Holdings (collectively, the Cure Right ), and upon contribution by Holdings of such cash in return for common Equity Interests of the Borrower (the Cure Amount pursuant to the exercise by the Borrower of such Cure Right, the First Lien Leverage Ratio under Section 6.10 (i) shall be recalculated giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments 
 187 

(i) Consolidated EBITDA shall be increased with respect to such applicable fiscal quarter and any Test Period that contains such fiscal quarter, solely for the purpose of measuring the First Lien Leverage Ratio under Section 6.10 (i) and not for any other purpose under this Agreement, by an amount equal to the Cure Amount 
 (ii) Consolidated Total Debt shall be decreased for purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.10 (i) for any future Test Period solely to the extent proceeds of the Cure Amount are actually applied to prepay any Term Loans under this Agreement, and in no event shall any reduction be given effect during the fiscal quarter with regard to which the Cure Right is exercised and 
 (iii) if, after giving effect to the foregoing pro forma adjustments, the Borrower shall then be in compliance with Section 6.10 (i) , the Borrower shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of Section 6.10 (i) as of the relevant date of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of Section 6.10 (i) that had occurred shall be deemed cured for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) in each four consecutive fiscal quarter period, there shall be at least two fiscal quarters during which the Cure Right is not exercised, 
 (i) there shall be no more than five Cure Rights exercised during the term of this Agreement, (iii) the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required for purposes of complying with Section 6.10 and (iv) all Cure Amounts shall be disregarded for purposes of determining any baskets or ratios with respect to the other covenants contained in the Loan Documents. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 7.01, upon contribution of the Cure Amount (and designation thereof) by the Borrower, the requirements of Section 6.10 (i) shall be deemed satisfied and complied with as of the end of the relevant fiscal quarter with the same effect as though there had been no failure to comply with the requirements of Section 6.10 (i) and any Event of Default under Section 6.10 (i) (and any other Default as a result thereof) shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 Article VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank to serve as Administrative Agent, collateral agent and trustee under the Loan Documents, and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Further, the Administrative Agent shall also act as the collateral agent under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders 
 188 

(including in its capacities as a Person to whom any Secured Cash Management Obligations are owed or a counterparty to any Swap Agreement the obligations under which constitute Secured Swap Obligations) and each of the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the agent of such Lender or Issuing Bank for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Loan Document Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto. In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as collateral agent and any co-agents, sub- agents, trustees and attorneys-in-fact appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.01 for purposes of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) granted under the Security Documents, or for exercising any rights and remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article VIII (including paragraph 13 hereof) and Article IX (as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact were the collateral agent under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender and the other Secured Parties, and none of Holdings, the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary of any such provisions. 
 The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or to exercise any discretionary power, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in the Loan Documents) provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to Holdings, the Borrower, any other Subsidiary or any other Affiliate of any of the foregoing that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith to be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by Holdings, the Borrower, a Lender and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in 
 189 

connection therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person (including, if applicable, a Responsible Officer or Financial Officer of such Person). The Administrative Agent also may rely, and shall not incur any liability for relying, upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person (including, if applicable, a Financial Officer or a Responsible Officer of such Person). The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 The Administrative Agent may perform any of and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any of and all their duties and exercise their rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. 
 Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign upon 30 days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the Borrower s consent (unless an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be (a) an Approved Bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such Approved Bank and (b) approved by the Borrower (unless an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing) (the date upon which the retiring Administrative Agent is replaced, the Resignation Effective Date provided , that if no such successor shall have been appointed (and shall have accepted such appointment) within 45 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, such resignation shall nevertheless become effective, and the Resignation Effective Date shall occur on such date. If neither the Required Lenders nor the Administrative Agent have appointed a successor Administrative Agent that has accepted such appointment, the Required Lenders shall be deemed to have succeeded to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent. 
 190 

If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender, the Required Lenders and the Borrower may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the consent of the Borrower, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 
 With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except (i) that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and (ii) with respect to any outstanding payment obligations) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents as set forth in this Section. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Joint Bookrunner or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Joint Bookrunner or any other Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 Each Lender, by delivering its signature page to this Agreement and funding its Loans on the Effective Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption, Incremental Facility Amendment or Refinancing Amendment pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Effective Date. 
 191 

No Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any Guarantee of the Secured Obligations, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders in accordance with the terms thereof. In the event of a foreclosure by the Administrative Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale or other disposition, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser or licensor of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale or other disposition, and the Administrative Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any collateral payable by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders at such sale or other disposition. Each Lender, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral and of the Guarantees of the Secured Obligations, to have agreed to the foregoing provisions. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, neither any Joint Bookrunner nor any Person named on the cover page of this Agreement as a Lead Arranger, a Syndication Agent or a Co- Documentation Agent shall have any duties or obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except in its capacity as a Lender), but all such Persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder, including under Section 9.03, fully as if named as an indemnitee or indemnified person therein and irrespective of whether the indemnified losses, claims, damages, liabilities and or related expenses arise out of, in connection with or as a result of matters arising prior to, on or after the effective date of any Loan Document. 
 To the extent required by any applicable law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. Without limiting or expanding the provisions of Section 2.15, each Lender shall, and does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in respect thereof within 30 days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the Administrative Agent to properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of such Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, because the appropriate form was not delivered or not property executed, or because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of withholding tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this paragraph. The agreements in this paragraph shall survive the resignation and or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other obligations under any Loan Document. 
 Each Secured Party hereby appoints the Administrative Agent to act as its agent under and in connection with the relevant Security Documents and acknowledges that the Administrative Agent is the beneficiary of the security interests granted thereunder and the Administrative Agent will accept such grants of security interests under the relevant 
 192 

Security Documents on its behalf and will enter into the relevant Security Documents as secured party, lienholder or pledgee in its own name. 
 Article IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 9.01 Notices . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax, e-mail or other electronic transmission, as follows 
 (a) If to Holdings, to c o BC Partners, Inc., 667 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10064, Attn Adam Gross (Phone (212) 891-2880, Email Adam.Gross BCPartners.com) 
 (b) If to the Borrower, to Colorado Buyer, Inc., 2333 Ponce de Leon Blvd, Suite 900, Coral Gables, FL USA 33134, Attn Rene Rodriguez, (Phone (305) 375-6000, Email rar medinacapital.com) 
 (c) If to the Administrative Agent, to Citibank, N.A., 1615 Brett Road, Building III, New Castle, Delaware 19720, Attention Loan Administration, Fax 212-994-0847, Email GLOriginationOps citigroup.com 
 (d) if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or fax number or email address) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received notices and other communications sent by fax or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). 
 Holdings and the Borrower may change their address, email or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may change its address, email or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to Holdings and the Borrower and the Lenders may change their address, email or facsimile number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Administrative Agent. Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may also be delivered or furnished by electronic transmission (including email and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic transmission. 
 Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document providing for the delivery of any Approved Electronic Communication by any other means, the Loan Parties shall deliver all Approved Electronic Communications to the Administrative Agent by properly transmitting such Approved Electronic Communications in an electronic soft medium in a format reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent to oploanswebadmin citigroup.com or such other electronic mail address (or similar means of electronic delivery) as the Administrative Agent may notify to the Borrower (which notice shall be effective upon acknowledgement of receipt thereof by the Borrower). Nothing in this paragraph shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent or any 
 193 

Lender Party to deliver any Approved Electronic Communication to any Loan Party in any manner authorized in this Agreement or to request that the Borrower effect delivery in such manner. 
 Each of the Lenders and each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make the Approved Electronic Communications available to the Lender Parties by posting such Approved Electronic Communications on IntraLinks or a substantially similar electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a dual firewall and a User ID Password Authorization System) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a single- user-per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Lender Parties and each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. In consideration for the convenience and other benefits afforded by such distribution and for the other consideration provided hereunder, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, each of the Lender Parties and each Loan Party hereby approves distribution of the Approved Electronic Communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 Section 9.02 Waivers Amendments . 
 (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in exercising any right or power under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. No notice or demand on the Borrower or Holdings in any case shall entitle the Borrower or Holdings to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 
 (b) Except as provided in Section 2.18 with respect to any Incremental Loans, Section 2.19 with respect to any Refinancing Amendment and Section 2.22 with respect to any Permitted Amendment, neither any Loan Document nor any provision thereof may be waived, amended or modified except, in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (to the extent that such waiver, amendment or modification does not affect the rights, duties, privileges or obligations of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall execute such waiver, amendment or other modification to the extent approved by the Required Lenders) and the Required Lenders or, in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, in each case with the consent of the Required Lenders, provided that 
 194 

no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (it being understood that a waiver of any condition precedent, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute an extension or increase of any Commitment of any Lender), (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan (it being understood that a waiver of any condition precedent, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute a reduction or forgiveness in principal) or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (it being understood that any change to the definition of First Lien Leverage Ratio or in the component definitions thereof shall not constitute a reduction of interest or fees), provided that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay default interest pursuant to Section 2.11(c), (iii) postpone the maturity of any Loan (it being understood that a waiver of any condition precedent, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute an extension of any maturity date), or the date of any scheduled amortization payment of the principal amount of any Loan under Section 2.08 or the applicable Refinancing Amendment or any date for the payment of any interest or fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, (iv) change any of the provisions of this Section without the written consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby, provided that any such change which is in favor of a Class of Lenders holding Loans maturing after the maturity of other Classes of Lenders (and only takes effect after the maturity of such other Classes of Loans or Commitments) will require the written consent of the Required Lenders with respect to each Class directly and adversely affected thereby, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section or the percentage set forth in the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class) required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (or each Lender of such Class, as the case may be), (vi) release all or substantially all the value of the Guarantees under the Guarantee Agreement (except as expressly provided in the Loan Documents) without the written consent of each Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Lender), (vii) release all or substantially all the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents, without the written consent of each Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Lender) (except as expressly provided in the Loan Documents) or (viii) change any of the provisions of Section 2.16(b) or Section 7.02 without the written consent of each Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) directly and adversely affected thereby provided further , that (A) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, (B) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of an Issuing Bank without the prior written consent of such Issuing Bank, (C) no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Swingline Lender without the prior written consent of the Swingline Lender, (D) the Administrative Agent may, from time to time on and after the Effective Date, without any further consent of any Lender, Issuing Bank or counterparty to any Secured Cash Management Obligation or Secured Swap Obligation, enter into amendments to, amendments and restatements of, and or replacements of, any Intercreditor Agreement, and enter into any other intercreditor agreement with the collateral agent or other representatives of the holders of Indebtedness that is permitted to be secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is permitted under this Agreement, in each case in order to effect the first-priority Liens on the Collateral and to provide for certain additional rights, obligations and limitations in 
 195 

respect of, any Liens required by the terms of this Agreement to be junior priority Liens or other Liens that are, in each case, incurred in accordance with Article VI of this Agreement, and to establish certain relative rights as between the holders of the Secured Obligations and the holders of the Indebtedness secured by such Liens, (E) any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by Holdings, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency, (F) the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders (but without the consent of other Lenders, including the Required Lenders) shall be required to amend, modify or waive any condition precedent set forth in Section 4.02 with respect to making Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit and (G) the consent of each of the Revolving Lenders affected (but without the consent of other Lenders, including the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders) shall be required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any provision of the paragraph immediately succeeding the table in the definition of Applicable Rate or Commitment Fee Rate in Section 1.01 with respect to such Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent, Holdings and the Borrower (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, provided that such credit facilities shall rank pari passu or junior in terms of both priority of Liens on Collateral securing, and right of payment with, the Secured Obligations, and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Lenders prior to such inclusion, (b) this Agreement and other Loan Documents may be amended or supplemented by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and Holdings, the Borrower or any Loan Party as to which such agreement or agreements is to apply, without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender, to include parallel debt or similar provisions, and any authorizations or granting of powers by the Lenders and the other Secured Parties in favor of the Administrative Agent, in each case required to create in favor of the Administrative Agent any security interest contemplated to be created under this Agreement, or to perfect any such security interest, where the Administrative Agent shall have been advised by its counsel that such provisions are necessary or advisable under local law for such purpose (with Holdings and the Borrower hereby agreeing to, and to cause their subsidiaries to, enter into any such agreement or agreements upon reasonable request of the Administrative Agent promptly upon such request) and (c) upon notice thereof by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent with respect to the inclusion of any previously absent financial maintenance covenant, this Agreement shall be amended by an agreement in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent without the need to obtain the consent of any Lender to include such covenant on the date of the incurrence of the applicable Indebtedness to the extent required by the terms of such definition or section. 
 196 

(c) In connection with any proposed amendment, modification, waiver or termination (a Proposed Change requiring the consent of all Lenders or all directly and adversely affected Lenders, if the consent of the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable, to such Proposed Change is obtained, but the consent to such Proposed Change of other Lenders whose consent is required is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is not obtained as described in paragraph (b) of this Section being referred to as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then, so long as the Lender that is acting as Administrative Agent is not a Non-Consenting Lender, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Non-Consenting Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Non-Consenting Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that (a) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent to the extent such consent would be required under Section 9.04(b) for an assignment of Loans or Commitments, as applicable, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, 
 (d) such Non-Consenting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts (including any amounts under Section 2.09(a)(i)), payable to it hereunder from the Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (c) unless waived, the Borrower or such Eligible Assignee shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee specified in Section 9.04(b). 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary, the Loans of any Lender that is at the time (i) an Affiliated Lender (other than an Affiliate Debt Fund), (ii) a Defaulting Lender or (iii) a Disqualified Lender, shall not have any voting or approval rights under the Loan Documents and shall be excluded in determining whether all Lenders (or all Lenders of a Class), all affected Lenders (or all affected Lenders of a Class) or the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable, have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to this Section 9.02) provided that (i) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (ii) the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Defaulting Lender (it being understood that any Revolving Commitments or Revolving Loans held or deemed held by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for a vote of the Lenders hereunder requiring any consent of the Lenders). 
 197 

(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to the contrary, each Affiliated Lender hereby agrees that, if a proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law shall be commenced by or against the Borrower or any other Loan Party at a time when such Lender is an Affiliated Lender, such Affiliated Lender irrevocably authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent to vote on behalf of such Affiliated Lender with respect to the Loans held by such Affiliated Lender in any manner in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion, unless the Administrative Agent instructs such Affiliated Lender to vote, in which case such Affiliated Lender shall vote with respect to the Loans held by it as the Administrative Agent directs provided that such Affiliated Lender shall be entitled to vote in accordance with its sole discretion (and not in accordance with the direction of the Administrative Agent) in connection with any plan of reorganization to the extent any such plan of reorganization proposes to treat any Secured Obligations held by such Affiliated Lender in a manner that is less favorable in any material respect to such Affiliated Lender than the proposed treatment of similar Secured Obligations held by Lenders that are not Affiliates of the Borrower. 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.02, the Guarantee, the Security Documents and related documents executed by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent and may be, together with this Agreement, amended and waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the request of the Borrower without the need to obtain the consent of any other Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered in order (i) to comply with local Law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to cure ambiguities or defects or (iii) to cause the Guarantee, Security Documents or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including by adding additional parties as contemplated herein). 
 (h) Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless and until a Financial Covenant Cross Default has occurred and remains continuing, only the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders shall be necessary to (and upon the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Cross Default, the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to) (i) waive or consent to any Financial Covenant Event of Default or amend or modify the terms of, Sections 6.10 and 7.01 (as it relates to a Financial Covenant Event of Default (including the related definitions as used in such Sections, but not as used in other Sections of this Agreement)) and no such amendment, modification, waiver or consent shall be permitted (x) without the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders (unless and until a Financial Covenant Cross Default has occurred) and (y) without the consent of the Required Lenders (upon the occurrence and during the continuance of a Financial Covenant Cross Default) and or (ii) amend this sentence. Notwithstanding that, upon the occurrence of a Financial Covenant Cross Default, the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to waive or consent to any Default or Event of Default resulting from a Financial Covenant Event of Default as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, and only the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders shall be necessary to (A) amend or modify the terms and provisions of Section 6.10 and or Section 7.03 (in each case, whether or not a Financial Covenant Cross Default has occurred) and or (B) amend this sentence. 
 
 198 

Section 9.03 Expenses Indemnity Damage Waiver . 
 (a) The Borrower shall pay, if the Effective Date occurs, (i) all reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (without duplication), including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP and to the extent reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be necessary one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction or otherwise retained with the Borrower s consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), in each case for the Administrative Agent, and to the extent retained with the Borrower s consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), consultants, in connection with their due diligence investigation, the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions thereof and (ii) all reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans provided that such counsel shall be limited to one lead counsel and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel per affected party. 
 199 

(b) The Borrower shall indemnify each Agent, each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and reasonable and documented or invoiced out-of-pocket fees and expenses of one counsel and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest, where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict notifies the Borrower of the existence of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, one additional counsel for such affected Indemnitee) for all Indemnitees (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any other agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties to the Loan Documents of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) to the extent in any way arising from or relating to any of the foregoing, any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on, at or from any Mortgaged Property or any other property currently or formerly owned or operated by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any other Environmental Liability, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any Subsidiary and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (i) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final, non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of, or a material breach of the Loan Documents by, such Indemnitee or its Related Parties or (ii) result from any dispute between and among indemnified persons that does not involve an act or omission by Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, except that each Agent, the Lead Arrangers and the Joint Bookrunners shall be indemnified in their capacities as such to the extent that none of the exceptions set forth in clause (i) applies to such Person at such time. This Section 9.03 shall not apply to Taxes other than any Taxes with respect to losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, and without limiting the Borrower s obligation to do so, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent such Lender s pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such. For purposes hereof, a Lender s pro rata share shall be determined based upon its share of the aggregate outstanding Loans and unused Commitments at the time. 
 200 

(d) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, none of Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee (i) for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such damages are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final, non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of, or a material breach of the Loan Documents by, such Indemnitee or its Related Parties, or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than 10 Business Days after written demand therefor provided, however , that any Indemnitee shall promptly refund an indemnification payment received hereunder to the extent that there is a final judicial determination that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such payment pursuant to this Section 9.03. 
 Section 9.04 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 201 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraphs (b)(ii), (f) and (h) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it under one or more Facilities) with the prior written consent (such consent (except with respect to assignments to competitors of the Borrower) not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of (A) the Borrower, provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment by (i) any Revolving Lender of Revolving Commitments and or Revolving Loans to another Revolving Lender, (ii) any Term Lender of Term Loans to any Lender or to an Affiliate of any Lender, (iii) any Term Lender of Term Loans to an Approved Fund or (iv) if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing, any Lender to any other Eligible Assignee and provided further , that the Borrower shall have the right to withhold its consent to any assignment if, in order for such assignment to comply with applicable law, the Borrower would be required to obtain the consent of, or make any filing or registration with, any Governmental Authority, (B) the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of a Term Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or to the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof and (C) the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank with respect to any assignment of Revolving Commitments or Revolving Loans. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 9.04 to the contrary, if the consent of the Borrower is otherwise required by this paragraph with respect to any assignment of Loans, and the Borrower has not given the Administrative Agent written notice of its objection to such assignment within 15 Business Days after written notice to the Borrower, the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to such assignment. 
 (i) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the trade date specified in the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment or, if no trade date is so specified, as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 1,000,000 unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) has occurred and is continuing, (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause (B) shall not be construed to prohibit assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans, (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together (unless waived by the Administrative Agent) with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 provided that (x) the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to 
 202 

waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment), provided that assignments made pursuant to Section 2.17(b) or Section 9.02(c) shall not require the signature of the assigning Lender to become effective provided further , that such recordation fee shall not be payable in the case of assignments by any Affiliate of the Joint Bookrunners and (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent any tax forms required by Section 2.15(e) and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 (ii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(v) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of (and subject to the obligations and limitations of) Sections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 9.03 and to any fees payable hereunder that have accrued for such Lender s account but have not yet been paid). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c)(i) of this Section. 
 (iii) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it, each Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal and stated interest amount of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and 
 203 

Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender is an Affiliated Lender, nor shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to monitor the aggregate amount of the Loans or Incremental Loans held by Affiliated Lenders. 
 (iv) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire and any tax forms required by Section 2.15(e) (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (v) The words execution, signed, signature and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 204 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other Persons (other than to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or a Person that is not an Eligible Assignee (a Participant ), provided further , that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (C) Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and (D) any participations with respect to Revolving Loans or Revolving Commitments may be made only if the assigning Lender provides at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice of the proposed participation to the Borrower (and any purported participation without such notice shall be null and void). Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce the Loan Documents and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents, provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that directly and adversely affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph (c)(ii) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of (and subject to the obligations and limitations of) Sections 2.13, 2.14 and 2.15 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.16(c) as though it were a Lender. 
 (i) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.13 or Section 2.15 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii) Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ), provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary in connection with a Tax audit or other proceeding to establish that such Commitment, Loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive (absent manifest error), and each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register pursuant to the terms hereof shall be treated as a Participant for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary 
 205 

(d) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest, provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (an SPV ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement, provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPV to make any Loan and (ii) if an SPV elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of a Loan by an SPV hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPV shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPV, such party will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPV any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.04, any SPV may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Borrower and Administrative Agent) providing liquidity or credit support to or for the account of such SPV to support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPV. 
 (f) Any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (other than Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans) to the Affiliated Lenders or any Purchasing Borrower Party, subject to the following limitations 
 (1) Affiliated Lenders will not receive information provided solely to Lenders by the Administrative Agent or any Lender and will not be permitted to attend or participate in meetings attended solely by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, other than the right to receive notices of Borrowings, notices of prepayments and other administrative notices in respect of its Loans or Commitments required to be delivered to Lenders pursuant to Article II provided, 
 206 

however , that the foregoing provisions of this clause will not apply to the Affiliated Debt Funds 
 (2) for purposes of any amendment, waiver or modification of any Loan Document (including such modifications pursuant to Section 9.02), or, subject to Section 9.02(d), any plan of reorganization pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, that in either case does not require the consent of each Lender or each affected Lender or does not adversely affect such Affiliated Lender in any material respect as compared to other Lenders, Affiliated Lenders will be deemed to have voted in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Affiliated Lenders voting on such matter and each Affiliated Lender hereby acknowledges, agrees and consents that if, for any reason, its vote to accept or reject any plan pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code is not deemed to have been so voted, then such vote will be (x) deemed not to be in good faith and (y) designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code such that the vote is not counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such plan in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code provided that Affiliated Debt Funds will not be subject to such voting limitations and will be entitled to vote as any other Lender 
 (3) with respect to any assignment to a Purchasing Borrower Party, no Event of Default has occurred or is continuing or would result therefrom 
 (4) any Loans assigned to any Purchasing Borrower Party shall be automatically and permanently cancelled upon the effectiveness of such assignment and will thereafter no longer be outstanding for any purpose hereunder 
 (5) the aggregate principal amount of Loans purchased by assignment pursuant to this Section 9.04 and held at any one time by Affiliated Lenders (other than Affiliated Debt Funds) may not exceed 25 of the outstanding principal amount of all Loans plus the outstanding principal amount of all term loans made pursuant to an Incremental 
 207 

Loan calculated at the time such Loans are purchased (such percentage, the Affiliated Lender Cap provided that to the extent any assignment to an Affiliated Lender would result in the aggregate principal amount of all Loans held by Affiliated Lenders exceeding the Affiliated Lender Cap, the assignment of such excess amount will be void ab initio 
 (6) the assigning Lender and the Affiliated Lender purchasing such Lender s Loans shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an assignment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto (an Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption provided that each Affiliated Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower promptly (and in any event within 10 Business Days) if it acquires any Person who is also a Lender, and each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower promptly (and in any event within 10 Business Days) if it becomes an Affiliated Lender and 
 (7) the proceeds of Revolving Loans may not be used by any Purchasing Borrower Party to purchase Loans under this Section 9.04(f). 
 Notwithstanding anything in Section 9.02 or the definition of Required Lenders to the contrary, for purposes of determining whether the Required Lenders have (i) consented (or not consented) to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, (ii) otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or (iii) directed or required the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, the aggregate amount of Loans held by any Affiliated Debt Funds shall be deemed to be not outstanding to the extent in excess of 49.9 of the amount required for all purposes of calculating whether the Required Lenders have taken any actions. 
 Each Affiliated Lender by its acquisition of any Loans outstanding hereunder will be deemed to have waived any right it may otherwise have had to bring any action in connection with such Loans against the Administrative Agent, in its capacity as such, and will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall not have any liability for any losses suffered by any Person as a result of any purported assignment to or from an Affiliated Lender. 
 208 

(g) Upon any contribution of Loans to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and upon any purchase of Loans by a Purchasing Borrower Party, (A) the aggregate principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of such Loans shall automatically be cancelled and retired by the Borrower on the date of such contribution or purchase (and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, with respect to a contribution of Loans, any applicable contributing Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, or such other form as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, in respect thereof pursuant to which the respective Lender assigns its interest in such Loans to the Borrower for immediate cancellation) and (B) the Administrative Agent shall record such cancellation or retirement in the Register. 
 (h) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, no Lender may assign (i) any portion of its Revolving Commitments or Revolving Loans to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or (ii) any portion of its Loans or Commitments to any Disqualified Lender. 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not (i) except to the extent of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct in taking or failing to take any action, be responsible for, have any liability with respect to, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce, compliance with the provisions of this Agreement relating to Disqualified Lenders or have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans or Commitments to any Disqualified Lender and (ii) except to the extent arising out of its or its Related Parties gross negligence or willful misconduct, have any liability with respect to any disclosure of confidential information to any Disqualified Lender. 
 Section 9.05 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to any Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.13, 2.14, 2.15 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, in the event that, in connection with the refinancing or repayment in full of the Revolving Facilities provided for herein, an Issuing Bank shall have provided to the Administrative Agent a written consent to the release of the Revolving Lenders from their obligations hereunder with respect to any Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (whether as a result of the obligations of the Borrower (and any other account party) in respect of such Letter of Credit having been collateralized in full by a deposit of cash with such Issuing Bank or being supported by a letter of credit that names such Issuing Bank as the beneficiary thereunder, or otherwise), then from and after such time such Letter of Credit shall cease to be a Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the Revolving Lenders shall be deemed to have no participations in such Letter of Credit, and no obligations with respect thereto, under Section 2.24(d) and (e). 
 209 

Section 9.06 Counterparts Integration Effectiveness . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or the syndication of the Loans and Commitments constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
 Section 9.07 Severability . Any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 9.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (b), (h) or (i) shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each Issuing Bank is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or Issuing Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Loan Party against any of and all the obligations of the Borrower or any other Loan Party then due and owing under this Agreement held by such Lender or Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Issuing Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or Issuing Bank different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such Indebtedness. The applicable Lender or Issuing Bank shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such setoff and application, provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such setoff and application under this Section. The rights of each Lender and each Issuing Bank under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or Issuing Bank may have. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amount set off from any Guarantor shall be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation from such Guarantor. 
 Section 9.09 Governing Law Jurisdiction Consent to Service of Process . 
 (a) This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 210 

(b) Each of parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in New York County and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York sitting in New York County, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in any Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to any Loan Document against Holdings, the Borrower or their respective properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 
 (c) Each of parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in any Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 Section 9.10 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 Section 9.11 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 211 

Section 9.12 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees, trustees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other agents and advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential and any failure of such Persons to comply with this Section 9.12 shall constitute a breach of this Section 9.12 by the Administrative Agent or the relevant Lender, as applicable), (b) (x) to the extent requested by any regulatory (including self-regulatory) authority, required by applicable law or by any subpoena or similar legal process or (y) necessary in connection with the exercise of remedies provided that, (i) in each case, unless specifically prohibited by applicable law or court order, each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any request by any governmental agency or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with an examination of the financial condition of such Lender by such governmental agency or other routine examinations of such Lender by such governmental agency) for disclosure of any such non-public information prior to disclosure of such information and (ii) in the case of clause (y) only, each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that such Information is kept confidential in connection with the exercise of such remedies, and provided further , that in no event shall any Lender or the Administrative Agent be obligated or required to return any materials furnished by Holdings, the Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries, (c) to any other party to this Agreement, (d) subject to an agreement containing confidentiality undertakings substantially similar to those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any Swap Agreement relating to any Loan Party or their Subsidiaries and its obligations under the Loan Documents, (e) with the consent of the Borrower, in the case of Information provided by Holdings, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, (f) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non- confidential basis from a source other than Holdings or the Borrower or (g) to any ratings agency or the CUSIP Service Bureau on a confidential basis. In addition, the Agents and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and publicly available information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry, and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration and management of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Commitments and the Borrowings hereunder. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from Holdings or the Borrower relating to Holdings, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by Holdings or the Borrower. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 212 

(b) EACH LENDER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT INFORMATION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 9.12(a) FURNISHED TO IT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY INCLUDE MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION CONCERNING HOLDINGS, THE BORROWER, THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES AND CONFIRMS THAT IT HAS DEVELOPED COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES REGARDING THE USE OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION AND THAT IT WILL HANDLE SUCH MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THOSE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 (c) ALL INFORMATION, INCLUDING REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS FURNISHED BY THE BORROWER OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT PURSUANT TO, OR IN THE COURSE OF ADMINISTERING, THIS AGREEMENT, WILL BE SYNDICATE-LEVEL INFORMATION, WHICH MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION ABOUT HOLDINGS, THE BORROWER, THE LOAN PARTIES AND THEIR RELATED PARTIES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SECURITIES. ACCORDINGLY, EACH LENDER REPRESENTS TO THE BORROWER AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT THAT IT HAS IDENTIFIED IN ITS ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE A CREDIT CONTACT WHO MAY RECEIVE INFORMATION THAT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 Section 9.13 USA Patriot Act . Each Lender, each Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank) hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of Title III of the USA Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender, Issuing Bank or Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Title III of the USA Patriot Act. 
 Section 9.14 Reserved . 
 
 213 

Section 9.15 Release of Liens and Guarantees . A Subsidiary Loan Party shall automatically be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents, and all security interests created by the Security Documents in Collateral owned by such Subsidiary Loan Party shall be automatically released, (1) upon the consummation of any transaction permitted by this Agreement as a result of which such Subsidiary Loan Party ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary (including pursuant to a merger with a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or a designation as an Unrestricted Subsidiary) or (2) upon the request of the Borrower, in connection with a transaction permitted under this Agreement, as a result of which such Subsidiary Loan Party ceases to be a wholly-owned Subsidiary. Upon (i) any sale or other transfer by any Loan Party (other than to Holdings, any Intermediate Parent, the Borrower or any other Loan Party) of any Collateral in a transaction permitted under this Agreement or (ii) the effectiveness of any written consent to the release of the security interest created under any Security Document in any Collateral or the release of any Loan Party from its Guarantee under the Guarantee Agreement pursuant to Section 9.02, the security interests in such Collateral created by the Security Documents or such guarantee shall be automatically released. Upon the payment in full in cash of all the Secured Obligations (other than (i) Secured Cash Management Obligations and Secured Swap Obligations and contingent obligations in respect of which no claim has been made and (ii) obligations in respect of Letters of Credit that have been backstopped or cash collateralized on terms satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank) and the termination or expiration of all Commitments and all commitments of the Issuing Banks to issue Letters of Credit, all obligations under the Loan Documents and all security interests created by the Security Documents shall be automatically released. In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section, the Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver to any Loan Party, at such Loan Party s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably request to evidence such termination or release. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. The Lenders and other Secured Parties irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to release or subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by Section 6.02(iv) or (xii) to the extent required by the terms of the obligations secured by such Liens pursuant to documents reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent). 
 Section 9.16 No Fiduciary Relationship . Each of Holdings and the Borrower, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries, agrees that in connection with all aspects of the transactions contemplated hereby and any communications in connection therewith, Holdings, the Borrower, the other Subsidiaries and their Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, will have a business relationship that does not create, by implication or otherwise, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or their respective Affiliates, and no such duty will be deemed to have arisen in connection with any such transactions or communications. 
 Section 9.17 Secured Cash Management Obligations and Secured Swap Obligations . Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein or in any Guarantee or any Security Document, no party to any Secured Cash Management Obligation or Secured Swap Obligation that obtains the benefits of Section 7.02, any Guarantee or any Collateral by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Guarantee or any Security Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory arrangements have been made with respect to, Secured Cash Management Obligations and Secured Swap Obligations unless the Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Secured Cash Management Obligations or Secured Swap Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Agent, Lender or Affiliate of an Agent or Lender party thereto. 
 214 

Section 9.18 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Loan Document Obligations hereunder. 
 Section 9.19 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
 Section 9.20 Intercreditor Agreements . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, this Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement, the provisions of the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement govern and control. The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to (a) enter into the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement, (b) bind the Lenders on the terms set forth in the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement and (c) perform and observe its obligations under the Closing Date Intercreditor Agreement. 
 215 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, to the extent the Administrative Agent enters into a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any other Intercreditor Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof, this Agreement will be subject to the terms and provisions of such First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and any such First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any other Intercreditor Agreement, the provisions of the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or such other Intercreditor Agreement govern and control. The Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent is authorized to, and the Administrative Agent agrees that with respect to any applicable secured Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under this Agreement, upon request by the Borrower, it shall, enter into a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any other Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, in accordance with the terms hereof. The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to (a) enter into any such First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any such other Intercreditor Agreement, (b) bind the Lenders on the terms set forth in such First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any such other Intercreditor Agreement and (c) perform and observe its obligations under such First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any such other Intercreditor agreement. 
 Section 9.21 Judgment Currency . 
 (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum owing hereunder in one currency into another currency, each party hereto agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction the first currency could be purchased with such other currency on the Business Day immediately preceding the day on which final judgment is given. 
 (b) The obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of any sum due to any party hereto or any holder of any obligation owing hereunder (the Applicable Creditor shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than the currency in which such sum is stated to be due hereunder (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that, on the Business Day following receipt by the Applicable Creditor of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Applicable Creditor may in accordance with normal banking procedures in the relevant jurisdiction purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency if the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Applicable Creditor in the Agreement Currency, the applicable Loan Parties agree, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Applicable Creditor against such loss. The obligations of the Borrower under this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of all other amounts owing hereunder. 
 Remainder of page intentionally blank signature pages follow. 
 
 216 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 formxex211xsubsidiaries_.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name of Subsidiary State Country of Organization Cyxtera Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Cyxtera Brasil Colocation e Data Center Ltda. Brazil Cyxtera Canada, LLC Delaware Cyxtera Canada TRS, ULC Canada Cyxtera Communications Canada, ULC Canada Cyxtera Communications, LLC Missouri Cyxtera Data Centers, Inc. Delaware Cyxtera DC Holdings, Inc. Delaware Cyxtera DC Parent Holdings, Inc. Delaware Cyxtera Digital Services, LLC Delaware Cyxtera Employer Services, LLC Delaware Cyxtera Federal Group, Inc. Delaware Cyxtera Federal Group TRS, LLC Delaware Cyxtera Germany GmbH Germany Cyxtera Germany TRS GmbH Germany Cyxtera Holdings, LLC Delaware Cyxtera Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Cyxtera Japan, Ltd. Japan Cyxtera Management, Inc. Delaware Cyxtera Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Cyxtera Receivables Holdings, LLC Delaware Cyxtera Singapore Pte. Ltd. Singapore Cyxtera Singapore TRS Pte. Ltd. Singapore Cyxtera Technologies, LLC Delaware Cyxtera Technologies Maryland, Inc. Maryland Cyxtera Technology UK Limited United Kingdom Cyxtera UK TRS Limited United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 deloitteconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-266830 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-266793 and 333-259968 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cyxtera Technologies, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Miami, Florida 
 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 cyxtera_exx311xsection302c.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Nelson Fonseca, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (formerly known as Starboard Value Acquisition Corp.) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 s Nelson Fonseca Nelson Fonseca Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 cyxtera_xexx312xsection302.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Carlos Sagasta, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (formerly known as Starboard Value Acquisition Corp.) 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 s Carlos Sagasta Carlos Sagasta Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 cyxtera_exx321xsection906c.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (formerly known as Starboard Value Acquisition Corp.) (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Nelson Fonseca, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 16, 2023 s Nelson Fonseca Nelson Fonseca Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 cyxtera_exx322xsection906c.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CYXTERA TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (formerly known as Starboard Value Acquisition Corp.) (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Carlos Sagasta, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 16, 2023 
 s Carlos Sagasta Carlos Sagasta Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 cyxt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 cyxt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 cyxt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 cyxt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 cyxt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

