<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_742278_0001558370-23-002171.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12331731</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217762</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1788243</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4302669</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1955983</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3700565</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002171.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227152959
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002171
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RPC INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000742278
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				581550825
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08726
		FILM NUMBER:		23674144

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 BUFORD HIGHWAY NE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30329
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-321-2140

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2801 BUFORD HIGHWAY NE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30329

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RPC INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950809

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RPC ENERGY SERVICES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002171.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 res-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

down UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 Commission File No. 

(State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , GEORGIA Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of RPC, Inc. Common Stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was based on the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022 of 6.91 per share. RPC, Inc. had shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 17, 2023. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of RPC, Inc. are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10 through 14 of this report. 

PART I Throughout this report, we refer to RPC, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, as we, us, RPC or the Company. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements made in this report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements that relate to our business and financial strategies, plans and objectives, and our beliefs and expectations regarding future demand for our equipment and services and other events and conditions that may influence the oilfield services market and our performance in the future. Forward-looking statements made elsewhere in this report also include without limitation statements regarding: our belief that the demand for our oil and gas services is generally influenced by customers decisions to invest capital toward initiating production in a new oil or natural gas well, improving production flows in an existing formation, or addressing well control issues; our belief that the common drivers of operational and financial success of Technical Services include diligent equipment maintenance, strong logistical processes, and appropriately trained personnel who function well in a team environment; our belief that the primary drivers of operational success for services and equipment provided off the well site without our personnel are offering safe, high quality and in-demand equipment appropriate for the well design characteristics; our belief that the primary drivers of operational success for other Support Services relate to meeting customer needs off the well site and competitive marketing of such services; our belief that demand for equipment and services offered tends to be influenced primarily by customer drilling-related activity levels; our belief that our supply sources for flexible steel pipe used in coiled tubing are adequate; our belief that customer activity levels are influenced by their decisions about capital investment toward the development and product of oil and gas reserves; natural gas prices, production levels and drilling activities; our belief that the recent decrease in the price of natural gas may discourage drilling and completion of natural gas-directed wells during the near term; our belief that the future export demand will continue to be strong, and combined with increased natural gas export activity, will encourage natural gas-directed filling in the future; our belief that oil-directed drilling will continue to represent the majority of the total drilling rig count for the foreseeable future; our continued belief in the long-term importance of our business due to continued worldwide demand for hydrocarbons generally and the high production of oil in the domestic U.S. market; our belief that unconventional wells will continue to comprise the majority of drilling activity because of their high initial production rates; our belief that the advent of unconventional drilling in the U.S. domestic market will be a permanent change and will continue to have a positive impact on the demand for our services; our expectation to continue to focus on the selected development of international business opportunities in current and other international markets and our belief that international revenues will continue to be less than ten percent of total revenues in 2023; our belief that due to the significant investment requirement and complexity of international projects, customers drilling decisions relating to such projects tend to be evaluated and monitored with a longer-term perspective with regard to oil and natural gas pricing, and therefore have the potential to be more stable than most U.S. domestic operations; our primary objective, which is to generate excellent long-term returns on investment through the effective and conservative management of our invested capital to generate strong cash flow; our plans to continue to pursue such primary objective through strategic investments and opportunities designed to enhance the long-term value of our company while improving market share, product offerings and the profitability of existing businesses; our plan to continue to consider the acquisitions of existing businesses while also continuing to maintain a conservative capital structure, which may limit our ability to consummate large transactions; our belief that the principal competitive factors in the market areas that we serve are product availability and quality of our equipment and raw materials used to provide our services, service quality, reputation for safety and technical proficiency and price; our belief that the temporary suspension of new oil and gas leasing permits on federal oil and gas drilling areas, or any similar future bans, would not impact RPC s Technical Services Segment s revenues because this or similar bans would only apply to drilling and completion on Federal lands, which account for less than 10 percent of U.S. oilfield activity; our belief that our operating facilities are suitable and adequate to meet current and reasonably anticipated future needs; our belief that the outcome of various routine lawsuits, legal proceedings and claims, even if determined adversely, will not have a material adverse effect on RPC s business or financial condition; our belief that oil production in the United States has become an increasingly important determinant of global oil prices; our belief that the long-term outlook for natural gas-directed drilling and completion activities in the United States is favorable due to global political instability and projected increases in U.S. natural gas export capabilities; our belief that current and projected prices of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids are important catalysts for U.S. domestic drilling activity; the adequacy of our insurance coverage; our belief that recent price increases in commodities remain above levels sufficient to motivate our customers to increase drilling and completion activities; our belief that higher prices and additional investments in natural gas infrastructure should encourage our customers to increase their natural gas-directed exploration and production activities; our belief that oil-directed drilling will remain the majority of domestic drilling and that natural gas-directed drilling will remain a low percentage of U.S. domestic drilling in the near-term; our belief that natural gas-directed drilling has increased and will continue to increase in natural gas-directed basins in the United States due to the current and projected high prices of natural gas and our belief that this trend should be favorable for the demand for our services in such basins; our belief that the competitive market for our services will improve during the near term; our belief that the liquidity provided by our cash and cash equivalents and our overall strong capitalization will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our requirements for at least the next twelve months; our expectation that we will not need our revolving credit facility to meet liquidity requirements in the near term; our expectation that capital expenditures will be between 250 million to 300 million in 2023, and will be directed towards both capitalized maintenance of our existing equipment and selected growth 
 2 

opportunities; our expectations about final cash contributions to the defined benefit pension plan in 2023; our ability to fund capital requirements in the future; the estimated amount of our capital expenditures and contractual obligations for future periods; our expectations to continue to pay cash dividends to common stockholders; our expectations regarding the costs of skilled labor and many of the raw materials used in providing our services; estimates made with respect to our critical accounting policies; the effect of new accounting standards; the effect of the changes in foreign exchange rates on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition; our expectation that the adoption of amendments in ASU No. 2022-08 will not have a material impact on our financial statements; and our expectation that during the first quarter of 2023, we will recognize a pre-tax, non-cash settlement charge representing the unamortized net loss in the pension plan which was approximately 22.5 million as of December 31, 2022. The words may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, project, estimate, and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by our management in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors it believes to be appropriate. We caution you that such statements are only predictions and not guarantees of future performance and that actual results, developments and business decisions may differ from those envisioned by the forward-looking statements. See Risk Factors contained in Item 1A. for a discussion of factors that may cause actual results to differ from our projections. Item 1. Business Organization and Overview RPC is a Delaware corporation originally organized in 1984 as a holding company for several oilfield services companies and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. RPC provides a broad range of specialized oilfield services and equipment primarily to independent and major oil and gas companies engaged in the exploration, production and development of oil and gas properties throughout the United States, including the southwest, mid-continent, Gulf of Mexico, Rocky Mountain and Appalachian regions, and in selected international markets. RPC acts as a holding company for the following legal entity groupings: Cudd Energy Services, Cudd Pressure Control, Thru Tubing Solutions and Patterson Services. Selected overhead including centralized support services and regulatory compliance are classified as Corporate. RPC is further organized into Technical Services and Support Services which are its operating segments. As of December 31, 2022, RPC had 2,732 employees. Business Segments RPC manages its business as either services offered on the well site with equipment and personnel (Technical Services) or services and equipment offered off the well site (Support Services). The businesses under Technical Services generate revenues based on equipment, personnel operating the equipment and the materials utilized to provide the service. They are all managed, analyzed and reported based on the similarities of the operational characteristics and costs associated with providing the service. The businesses under Support Services are primarily able to generate revenues through equipment or services offered off the well site. During 2022, approximately five percent of RPC s consolidated revenues were generated from offshore operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. In 2022, we also estimate that 77 percent of our revenues were related to drilling and production activities for oil, while 23 percent of revenues were related to drilling and production activities for natural gas. Technical Services include RPC s oil and gas services that utilize people and equipment to perform value-added completion, production and maintenance services directly to a customer s well. The demand for these services is generally influenced by customers decisions to invest capital toward initiating production in a new oil or natural gas well, improving production flows in an existing formation, or to address well control issues. This operating segment consists primarily of pressure pumping, downhole tools, coiled tubing, snubbing, nitrogen, well control, wireline and fishing. Customers include major multi-national and independent oil and gas producers, and selected nationally owned oil companies. The services offered under Technical Services are high capital and personnel intensive businesses. The common drivers of operational and financial success of these services include diligent equipment maintenance, strong logistical processes, and appropriately trained personnel who function well in a team environment. The Company considers all of these services to be closely integrated oil and gas well servicing businesses, and makes resource allocation and performance assessment decisions based on this operating segment as a whole across these various services. The principal markets for this business segment include the United States, including the southwest, mid-continent, Gulf of Mexico, Rocky Mountain and Appalachian regions, and selected international markets. Support Services include all of the services that provide (i) equipment offered off the well site without RPC personnel and (ii) services that are provided in support of customer operations off the well site such as classroom and computer training. The primary drivers of operational success for services and equipment provided off the well site without RPC personnel are offering safe, high quality and in-demand equipment appropriate for the well design characteristics. The drivers of operational success for the other Support Services relate to meeting customer needs off the well site and competitive marketing of such services. The equipment and 
 3 

services offered include rental tools, drill pipe and related tools, pipe handling, pipe inspection and storage services, and oilfield training services. The demand for these services tends to be influenced primarily by customer drilling-related activity levels. The principal markets for this segment include the United States, including the Gulf of Mexico, mid-continent, Rocky Mountain and Appalachian regions and project work in selected international locations. Customers primarily include domestic operations of independent oil and gas producers and major multi-nationals and selected nationally owned oil companies. A brief description of the primary services conducted within each of the operating segments follows: Technical Services Pressure Pumping . Pressure pumping services, which accounted for 53 percent of 2022 revenues, 43 percent of 2021 revenues and 37 percent of 2020 revenues are provided to customers throughout Texas, and the mid-continent regions of the United States. We primarily provide these services to customers to enhance the initial production of hydrocarbons in formations that have low permeability. Pressure pumping services involve using complex, truck or skid-mounted equipment designed and constructed for each specific pumping service offered. The mobility of this equipment permits pressure pumping services to be performed in varying geographic areas. Principal materials utilized in pressure pumping operations include fracturing proppants, acid and bulk chemical additives. Generally, these items are available from several suppliers, and the Company utilizes more than one supplier for each item. Pressure pumping services offered include: Fracturing Fracturing services are performed to stimulate production of oil and natural gas by increasing the permeability of a formation. Fracturing is particularly important in shale formations, which have low permeability, and unconventional completion, because the formation containing hydrocarbons is not concentrated in one area and requires multiple fracturing operations. The fracturing process consists of pumping fluids and sometimes nitrogen into a cased well at sufficient pressure to fracture the formation at desired locations and depths. Sand, ceramics, or synthetic materials, which are often coated with a material to increase their resistance to crushing, are pumped into the fracture. When the pressure is released at the surface, the fluid returns to the well surface, but the proppant remains in the fracture, thus keeping it open to allow oil and natural gas to flow through the fracture into the production tubing and ultimately to the well surface. In some cases, fracturing is performed in formations with a high amount of carbonate rock by an acid solution pumped under pressure without a proppant or with small amounts of proppant. Acidizing Acidizing services are also performed to stimulate production of oil and natural gas, but they are used in wells that have undergone formation damage due to the buildup of various materials that block the formation. Acidizing entails pumping large volumes of specially formulated acids into reservoirs to dissolve barriers and enlarge crevices in the formation, thereby eliminating obstacles to the flow of oil and natural gas. Acidizing services can also enhance production in limestone formations. Acid is also frequently used in the beginning of a fracturing operation. Cementing Cementing services are used at the completion stage of an oil or natural gas well to seal the wellbore after the casing string has been run. The process of cementing includes developing a cement slurry formulated for a well s unique characteristics, pumping the cement through the wellbore and into the space between the well casing and well bore, and allowing it to harden. In addition to completion uses, cementing can also be used to seal a lost circulation zone in an existing well, and to plug a well at the end of its life cycle. Downhole Tools . Thru Tubing Solutions TTS downhole tools division accounted for 23 percent of revenues in 2022, 29 percent of revenues in 2021 and 33 percent of 2020 revenues. TTS provides services and proprietary downhole motors, fishing tools and other specialized downhole tools and processes to operators and service companies in drilling and production operations, including casing perforation and bridge plug drilling at the completion stage of an oil or gas well. The services that TTS provides are especially suited for unconventional drilling and completion activities. TTS experience providing reliable tool services allows it to work in a pressurized environment with virtually any coiled tubing unit or snubbing unit. Coiled Tubing . Coiled tubing services, which accounted for nine percent of revenues in 2022, ten percent of revenues in 2021 and nine percent of revenues in 2020, involve the injection of coiled tubing into wells to perform various applications and functions for use principally in well-servicing operations and to facilitate completion of horizontal wells. Coiled tubing is a flexible steel pipe with a diameter of less than four inches manufactured in continuous lengths of thousands of feet and wound or coiled around a large reel. It can be inserted through existing production tubing and used to perform workovers without using a larger, costlier workover rig. Principal advantages of employing coiled tubing in a workover operation include: (i) not having to shut-in the well during such operations, (ii) the ability to reel continuous coiled tubing in and out of a well significantly faster than conventional pipe, (iii) the ability to direct fluids into a wellbore with more precision, and (iv) enhanced access to remote or offshore fields due to the smaller size and mobility of a coiled tubing unit compared to a workover rig. Coiled tubing units are also used to support completion activities in directional and horizontal wells. Such completion activities usually require multiple entrances in a wellbore to complete multiple fractures during a pressure pumping operation. A coiled tubing unit can accomplish this type of operation because its flexibility allows 
 4 

it to be steered in a direction other than vertical, which is necessary in this type of wellbore. At the same time, the strength of the coiled tubing string allows various types of tools or motors to be conveyed into the well effectively. The uses for coiled tubing in directional and horizontal wells have been enhanced by improved fabrication techniques and higher-diameter coiled tubing which allows coiled tubing units to be used effectively over greater distances, thus allowing them to function in more of the completion activities currently taking place in the U.S. domestic market. There are several manufacturers of flexible steel pipe used in coiled tubing, and the Company believes that its sources of supply are adequate. Snubbing . Snubbing (also referred to as hydraulic workover services), which accounted for two percent of revenues in both 2022 and 2021 and one percent of revenues in 2020, involves using a hydraulic workover rig that permits an operator to repair damaged casing, production tubing and downhole production equipment in a high-pressure environment. A snubbing unit makes it possible to remove and replace downhole equipment while maintaining pressure on the well. Customers benefit because these operations can be performed without removing the pressure from the well, which stops production and can damage the formation, and because a snubbing unit can perform many applications at a lower cost than other alternatives. Because the well being serviced by a hydraulic workover unit is often under pressure, which is hazardous by nature, the snubbing segment of the oil and gas services industry is limited to relatively few operators who have the experience and knowledge required to perform such services safely. Increasingly, snubbing units are used for unconventional completions at the outer reaches of long wellbores which cannot be serviced by coiled tubing because coiled tubing has a more limited range than drill pipe conveyed by a snubbing unit. Nitrogen . Nitrogen accounted for two percent of revenues in 2022, four percent of revenues in 2021 and five percent of revenues in 2020. There are a number of uses for nitrogen, an inert, non-combustible element, in providing services to oilfield customers and industrial users outside of the oilfield. For our oilfield customers, nitrogen can be used to clean drilling and production pipe and displace fluids in various drilling applications. Increasingly, it is used as a displacement medium to increase production in older wells in which production has depleted. It also can be used to create a fire-retardant environment in hazardous blowout situations and as a fracturing medium for our fracturing service. In addition, nitrogen can be complementary to our snubbing and coiled tubing services, because it is a non-corrosive medium and is frequently injected into a well using coiled tubing. Nitrogen is complementary to our pressure pumping service as well, because foam-based nitrogen stimulation is appropriate in certain sensitive formations in which the fluids used in fracturing or acidizing would damage a customer s well. For non-oilfield industrial users, nitrogen can be used to purge pipelines and create a non-combustible environment. RPC stores and transports nitrogen and has a number of pumping unit configurations that inject nitrogen in its various applications. Some of these pumping units are set up for use on offshore platforms or inland waters. RPC purchases its nitrogen in liquid form from several suppliers and believes that these sources of supply are adequate. Well Control . Cudd Pressure Control specializes in responding to and controlling oil and gas well emergencies, including blowouts and well fires, domestically and internationally. In connection with these services, Cudd Pressure Control, along with Patterson Services, has the capacity to supply the equipment, expertise and personnel necessary to restore affected oil and gas wells to production. During the past several years, the Company has responded to numerous well control situations in the domestic U.S. oilfield and in various international locations. The Company s professional firefighting staff has many years of aggregate industry experience in responding to well fires and blowouts. This team of experts responds to well control situations where hydrocarbons are escaping from a wellbore, regardless of whether a fire has occurred. In the most critical situations, there are explosive fires, the destruction of drilling and production facilities, substantial environmental damage and the loss of hundreds of thousands of dollars per day in well operators production revenue. Since these events ordinarily arise from equipment failures or human error, it is impossible to predict accurately the timing or scope of this work. Additionally, less critical events frequently occur in connection with the drilling of new wells in high-pressure reservoirs. In these situations, the Company is called upon to supervise and assist in the well control effort so that drilling operations can resume as promptly as safety permits. Wireline Services . Wireline is classified into two types of services: slick or braided line and electric line. In both, a spooled wire is unwound and lowered into a well, conveying various types of tools or equipment. Slick or braided line services use a non-conductive line primarily for jarring objects into or out of a well, as in fishing or plug-setting operations. Electric line services lower an electrical conductor line into a well allowing the use of electrically-operated tools such as perforators, bridge plugs and logging tools. Wireline services can be an integral part of the plug and abandonment process near the end of the life cycle of a well. Fishing . Fishing involves the use of specialized tools and procedures to retrieve lost equipment from a well drilling operation and producing wells. It is a service required by oil and gas operators who have lost equipment in a well. Oil and natural gas production from an affected well typically declines until the lost equipment can be retrieved. In some cases, the Company creates customized tools to perform a fishing operation. The customized tools are maintained by the Company after the particular fishing job for future use if a similar need arises. 
 5 

Support Services Rental Tools . Rental tools accounted for four percent of revenues in 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company rents specialized equipment for use with onshore and offshore oil and gas well drilling, completion and workover activities. The drilling and subsequent operation of oil and gas wells generally require a variety of equipment. The equipment needed is in large part determined by the geological features of the production zone and the size of the well itself. As a result, operators and drilling contractors often find it more economical to supplement their tool and tubular assets with rental items instead of owning a complete set of assets. The Company s facilities are strategically located to serve the major staging points for oil and gas activities in Texas, the Gulf of Mexico, mid-continent region, Rocky Mountain and the Appalachian region. Patterson Rental Tools offers a broad range of rental tools including drill pipe and associated handling tools, blowout preventers and a variety of tool assemblages that provide well control. Oilfield Pipe Inspection Services, Pipe Management and Pipe Storage. Pipe inspection services include Full Body Electromagnetic and Phased Array Ultrasonic inspection of pipe used in oil and gas wells. These services are provided at both the Company s inspection facilities and at independent tubular mills in accordance with negotiated sales and/or service contracts. Our customers are major oil companies and steel mills, for which we provide in-house inspection services, inventory management and process control of tubing, casing and drill pipe. Our locations in Channelview, Texas and Morgan City, Louisiana are equipped with large capacity cranes, specially designed forklifts and a computerized inventory system to serve a variety of storage and handling services for both oilfield and non-oilfield customers. Well Control School . Well Control School provides industry and government accredited training for the oil and gas industry both in the United States and in limited international locations. Well Control School provides training in various formats including conventional classroom training, interactive computer training including training delivered over the internet, and mobile simulator training. Refer to Note 15 in the consolidated financial statements for additional financial information on our business segments. Industry United States . RPC provides its services to its domestic customers through a network of facilities strategically located to serve oil and gas drilling and production activities of its customers in Texas, the mid-continent, the southwest, the Gulf of Mexico, the Rocky Mountain and the Appalachian regions. Demand for RPC s services in the U.S. is extremely volatile and fluctuates with current and projected price levels of oil and natural gas and activity levels in the oil and gas industry. Customer activity levels are influenced by their decisions about capital investment toward the development and production of oil and gas reserves. Due to improved drilling technology, the drilling rig count in the U.S. has declined dramatically since the early 1980 s (source: Baker Hughes, Inc.). Due to continuously enhanced rig and other technologies during the last decade, an increased number of wells have been drilled during periods of strong industry activity, and the domestic production of both oil and natural gas in these wells rose to record levels in 2019. Oil and gas industry activity levels have historically been volatile, experiencing multiple cycles, including seven down cycle troughs between 1981 and 2020, with August 2020 marking the lowest U.S. domestic rig count in U.S. oilfield history. Between August 2020 and the fourth quarter of 2022, the U.S. domestic rig count rose by approximately 206 percent. Since the majority of RPC s services are utilized at the completion stage of an oil or gas well s life cycle, the Company closely monitors well completion trends in the U.S. domestic oilfield. As recently reported by the U.S. Energy Information Administration, annual well completions fell from a cyclical peak of 21,382 in 2014 to 8,135 in 2016. Between 2016 and 2019, annual well completions increased by 6,227 or 76.6 percent. During the oilfield downturn that occurred in 2020, only 7,387 wells were completed, the lowest number of annual well completions recorded during the nine years that these data have been reported. During 2022, reported well completions increased to 11,451, an increase of approximately 22 percent compared to 2021. Historical fluctuations in domestic drilling and completions activity are consistent with the prices of oil and natural gas, global supply and demand for oil and natural gas, the domestic supply of natural gas, capital availability to fund the operations of exploration and production companies, projected near-term economic growth and fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar on world currency markets. Following the most recent cyclical peak in the fourth quarter of 2018, the price of oil fell by approximately 25 percent by the first quarter of 2020. During 2020, the historic collapse in oil prices discouraged drilling and production activity as our customers faced a potential collapse in global oil demand. Following the cyclical trough in oilfield activity which occurred in the third quarter of 2020, commodity prices and the U.S. domestic rig count began to recover, and by the end of 2021, the U.S. domestic rig count was more than 100 percent higher than the historic low level recorded in 2020. Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, the U.S domestic rig count continued to rise as customer activities increased due to higher oil process and global uncertainty caused by Russia s invasion of 
 6 

Ukraine. By the end of 2022, the U.S. domestic rig count had risen to the level recorded immediately prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in the first quarter of 2020. The Company anticipates that oilfield activity will remain consistent with this level during 2023. Fluctuations in the prices of these commodities, particularly the price of oil, significantly impact RPC s financial results. The average price of natural gas increased by approximately 64.1 percent during 2022 as compared with 2021. Early in the first quarter of 2023, the price of natural gas was approximately 15.6 percent lower than the price at the end of 2022 (source: U.S. Energy Information Administration). RPC believes that the recent decrease in the price of natural gas may discourage drilling and completion of natural gas-directed wells during the near term. In addition to oil and natural gas, the prices of various natural gas liquids also determine our customers activity levels, since it is produced in many of the shale resource plays which also produce oil, and production of various natural gas liquids has increased to a level comparable to that of natural gas. During 2022 the average price of benchmark natural gas liquids increased by approximately seven percent compared with 2021 (source: U.S. Energy Information Administration). Early in the first quarter of 2023, the price of natural gas liquids was approximately 14.5 percent higher than the price at the end of 2022. During the first decade of the twenty-first century, natural gas-directed drilling rigs comprised most of the U.S. drilling rig count. Beginning in 2010, the percentage of drilling rigs drilling for natural gas began to decline, and since that time has consistently comprised less than 50 percent of total U.S. drilling. Rising U.S. domestic demand for natural gas and the advent of U.S. exports of liquified natural gas have been offset by increasing production, thus preventing the price of natural gas from rising. During 2022, however, the price of natural gas increased significantly following Russia s invasion of Ukraine, as many European countries boycotted imported Russian natural gas and signaled an increasing reliance on sources such as the U.S. The price of U.S. natural gas has fallen significantly early in the first quarter of 2023, due to a warm winter in Western Europe and insufficient U.S. export capacity. However, the Company believes that future export demand will continue to be strong, and combined with increased natural gas export capacity, will encourage natural gas-directed drilling in the future. In spite of this potential increase in demand and export infrastructure, we anticipate that oil-directed drilling will continue to represent the majority of the total drilling rig count for the foreseeable future. We continue to believe in the long-term importance of our business due to continued worldwide demand for hydrocarbons generally and the high production of oil in the domestic U.S. market. Unconventional wells are drilled in a direction other than a straight vertical direction from the Earth s surface. Because they are drilled through relatively impermeable formations such as shale, they require additional stimulation when they are completed. Also, many of these formations require high pumping rates of stimulation fluids under high pressures, which can only be accomplished by using a great deal of pressure pumping horsepower to complete the well. Furthermore, since these types of wells are not drilled in a straight vertical direction, they require tools and drilling mechanisms that are flexible, rather than rigid, and can be steered once they are downhole. For these reasons, unconventional wells require more of RPC s services than conventional wells. Specifically, these types of wells require RPC s pressure pumping and coiled tubing services, as well as our downhole tools and services. Since 2016, unconventional oil and gas wells have comprised greater than 80 percent of U.S. domestic drilling and RPC believes that they will continue to comprise the majority of drilling activity because of their high initial production rates. The advent of unconventional drilling in the U.S. domestic market, which RPC believes to be a permanent change, continues to have a positive impact on the demand for RPC s services. International. RPC has historically operated in several countries outside of the United States, and international revenues accounted for two percent of RPC s consolidated revenues in 2022, four percent in 2021 and six percent in 2020. RPC s allocation of growth capital over the last several years have emphasized domestic rather than international expansion because of higher domestic activity levels and expected financial returns. International revenues increased 4.3 percent in 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to higher customer activity levels in Canada. During 2022, RPC provided downhole motors and tools in Argentina, Canada, Mexico and Saudi Arabia. We continue to focus on the selected development of international opportunities in these and other markets, although we believe that it will continue to be less than ten percent of total revenues in 2023. 
 7 

RPC provides services to its international customers through branch locations or wholly owned foreign subsidiaries. The international market is prone to political uncertainties, including the risk of civil unrest and conflicts. However, due to the significant investment requirement and complexity of international projects, customers drilling decisions relating to such projects tend to be evaluated and monitored with a longer-term perspective with regard to oil and natural gas pricing, and therefore have the potential to be more stable than most U.S. domestic operations. Additionally, the international market is dominated by major oil companies and national oil companies which tend to have different objectives and more operating stability than the typical independent oil and gas producer in the U.S. Predicting the timing and duration of contract work is not possible. Refer to Note 15 in the consolidated financial statements for further information on our international operations. Growth Strategies RPC s primary objective is to generate excellent long-term returns on investment through the effective and conservative management of its invested capital to generate strong cash flow. This objective continues to be pursued through strategic investments and opportunities designed to enhance the long-term value of RPC while improving market share, product offerings and the profitability of existing businesses. Growth strategies are focused on selected customers and markets in which we believe there exist opportunities for higher growth, customer and market penetration, or enhanced returns achieved through consolidations or through providing proprietary value-added equipment and services. RPC intends to focus on specific market segments in which it believes that it has a competitive advantage and on potential large customers who have a long-term need for our services in markets in which we operate. RPC seeks to expand its service capabilities through a combination of internal growth, acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances. Historically, we have found that we generate higher financial returns from organic growth with our services and geographical locations in which we have experience. Because of the fragmented nature of the oil and gas services industry, RPC believes a number of acquisition opportunities exist, and we frequently consider such opportunities. We have consummated relatively few acquisitions in recent years, however, due to high seller valuation expectations and the risk of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations. We will continue to consider the acquisitions of existing businesses but will also continue to maintain a conservative capital structure, which may limit our ability to consummate large transactions. RPC has a revolving credit facility which can be used to fund working capital and other capital requirements. The borrowing base for this credit facility is 100 million, including a 35 million letter of credit sublimit, and a 35 million swingline sublimit. There was no outstanding balance on this credit facility as of December 31, 2022. Our capital structure is more conservative than that of many of our peers. Customers Demand for RPC s services and equipment depends primarily upon the number of oil and natural gas wells being drilled, the depth and drilling conditions of such wells, the number of well completions and the level of production enhancement activity worldwide. RPC s principal customers consist of major and independent oil and natural gas producing companies. During 2022, RPC provided oilfield services to several hundred customers. Of these customers, only one customer, a private exploration and production company, accounted for approximately 11 percent of the Company s revenues in 2022 with no other customers exceeding 10 percent of revenues in 2022. There was no customer in 2021 that accounted for 10 percent or more of revenues. Sales are generated by RPC s sales force and through referrals from existing customers. We monitor closely the financial condition of these customers, their capital expenditure plans, and other indications of their drilling and completion activities. Due to the short lead time between ordering services or equipment and providing services or delivering equipment, there is no significant sales backlog. Competition RPC operates in highly competitive areas of the oilfield services industry. We sell our equipment and services in highly competitive markets, and the revenues and earnings generated are affected by changes in prices for our services, fluctuations in the level of customer activity in major markets, general economic conditions and governmental regulation. RPC competes with many large and small oilfield industry competitors, including the largest integrated oilfield services companies. During the oilfield downturn that began in 2015, a number of oilfield services companies reduced the scope of their operations or became insolvent. During the most recent downturn that began in 2019, fewer oilfield services companies became insolvent than in the previous downturn, partially because of COVID-19 related Federal stimulus that supported operations that would otherwise have become insolvent. Oilfield activity levels began to improve during the fourth quarter of 2020, and pricing for our services began to improve during the fourth quarter of 2021, both of which supported the operations of oilfield services companies that remained in operation. During 2022, Russia s invasion of Ukraine destabilized global oil markets, causing prices to rise, while also increasing the attractiveness of the U.S. 
 8 

domestic oilfield due to its oil and natural gas reserves, political stability and downstream energy infrastructure. In addition, improving completion services efficiency has served to increase effective capacity and impose another catalyst for declining pricing and utilization. The combination of a large number of oilfield services companies and the increased efficiency with which these companies provide services have caused the oilfield services business to remain competitive. RPC believes that the principal competitive factors in the market areas that it serves are product availability and quality of our equipment and raw materials used to provide our services, service quality, reputation for safety and technical proficiency, and price. The oil and gas services industry includes dominant global competitors including, among others, Halliburton Energy Services Group, a division of Halliburton Company, Baker Hughes Company, and Schlumberger Ltd. The industry also includes a number of other publicly traded peers whose operations are more similar to RPC, including Liberty Oilfield Services, Mammoth Energy Services, Inc., NCS Multistage Holdings, Inc., NexTier Oilfield Solutions, Nine Energy Services, Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc., ProFrac and ProPetro Holding Corporation, as well as numerous smaller, locally owned competitors. Human Capital The table below shows the number of employees at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

At December 31, 2022 2021 Employees 2,732 2,250 The Company operates in a cyclical business where financial performance and headcount is influenced by, among other things, changes in oil and natural gas prices. The Company s key human capital management objectives are focused on fostering talent in the following areas: Diversity and Equality - The Company s workforce is diverse and our dedicated team of employees works towards a common purpose. Our Company is strong in its values, relationships and consistency in management. We have long been dedicated to recruiting and hiring recently discharged military personnel, and dedicated resources undertake this recruiting effort at our company. The Company received the U.S. Department of Labor s 2019 Hire Vets Medallion Award in recognition of this effort and its success. The Board of Directors has a Human Capital Management and Compensation Committee that monitors compliance with applicable non-discrimination laws related to race, gender and other protected classes. The Committee provides a report of such incidences to the Board on an annual basis. Development and Training - The Company s management team and all its employees are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical and respectful conduct in the workplace. We have implemented and maintained a corporate compliance program to provide guidance for everyone associated with the Company, including its employees, officers and directors (the Code ). The code prohibits unlawful or unethical activity, including discrimination, and directs our employees, officers, and directors to avoid actions that, even if not unlawful or unethical, might create an appearance of illegality or impropriety. The Code is updated annually and certain employees at the supervisory level and above are required to review the code; any reported non-compliance is followed up on and resolved, as appropriate. In addition, the Company provides annual training for preventing, identifying, reporting and ending any type of unlawful discrimination. We also have escalation policies in place to address various issues including employee discrimination. The Company also provides a wide variety of opportunities for professional growth for all employees with in-classroom and online training, on-the-job experience and counseling. Compensation and Benefits - The Company focuses on attracting and retaining employees by providing compensation and benefit packages that are competitive in the market, taking into account the location and responsibilities of the job. We provide competitive financial benefits such as a 401(k) retirement plan with a company match, and generally grant awards of restricted stock for certain of our salaried employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain their health status. RPC has always believed in the long-term value of education, and has demonstrated this belief through a college scholarship program for the children of employees. This program, which awards four-year college scholarships based on merit, parents tenure, and need has invested more than 1 million to support hundreds of children of employees as they earn college degrees. A number of these college graduates have come to work for RPC and have followed their parents to become valuable employees. RPC and its subsidiaries have regularly participated in efforts to support the communities in which we live. We have participated in the United Way Campaign in the city in which our corporate headquarters is located for more than 30 years. In addition, we have sponsored several emergency relief efforts following natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tornados, in communities in which our field offices are located. 
 9 

Safety - The Company adheres to a comprehensive safety program to promote a safe working environment for its employees, contractors and customers at its operational locations and active job sites. This program complies with applicable regulatory guidelines for oilfield operations and is enhanced by our analysis of workplace-related incidents and evolving preventative measures. We monitor our workplace safety record and compare it to industry benchmarks and our internal metrics to find areas for improvement. RPC is making technology and process investments which reduce the number of employees on a job location and change the roles of the remaining employees in ways that reduce their exposure to safety hazards. We believe that this reduced exposure to active areas of a job location has led to fewer safety incidents in a service line which has a high concentration of employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented a response plan that we believe was in the best interest of our employees and the communities in which we operate. This included transitioning our workforce to a remote work model where possible, while implementing additional safety measures for essential employees continuing critical on-site work. Facilities/Equipment RPC s equipment consists primarily of oil and gas services equipment used either in servicing customer wells or provided on a rental basis for customer use. Most of this equipment is Company owned. RPC purchases oilfield service equipment from a limited number of manufacturers. These manufacturers may not be able to meet our requests for timely delivery during periods of high demand which may result in delayed deliveries of equipment and higher prices for equipment. RPC owns and leases regional and district facilities from which its oilfield services are provided to land-based and offshore customers. RPC s principal executive offices in Atlanta, Georgia are leased. The Company has four primary administrative buildings, two leased facilities, one in each of The Woodlands, Texas, and Midland, Texas, that include the Company s operations, engineering, sales and marketing headquarters, and two owned facilities, one in Houma, Louisiana that includes certain administrative functions and one in Newcastle, Oklahoma that includes certain administrative functions, operations, engineering, sales and equipment storage yards. RPC believes that its facilities are adequate for its current operations. For additional information with respect to RPC s lease commitments, see Note 16 of the consolidated financial statements. Governmental Regulation RPC s business is affected by state, federal and foreign laws and other regulations relating to the oil and gas industry, as well as laws and regulations relating to worker safety and environmental protection. RPC cannot predict the level of enforcement of existing laws and regulations or how such laws and regulations may be interpreted by enforcement agencies or court rulings, whether additional laws and regulations will be adopted, or the effect such changes may have on it, its businesses or financial condition. More stringent environmental standards compel the Company to buy more expensive equipment to meet those standards and also renders older equipment obsolete. In addition, our customers are affected by laws and regulations relating to the exploration and production of natural resources such as oil and natural gas. These regulations are subject to change, and new regulations may curtail or eliminate our customers activities. We cannot determine the extent to which new legislation may impact our customers activity levels, and ultimately, the demand for our services. Intellectual Property RPC uses several patented items in its operations which management believes are important, but are not indispensable, to RPC s success. Although RPC anticipates seeking patent protection when possible, it relies to a greater extent on the technical expertise and know-how of its personnel to maintain its competitive position. Availability of Filings RPC makes available, free of charge, on its website, rpc.net, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports on the same day they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 10 

Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Business. Demand for our equipment and services is affected by the volatility of oil and natural gas prices. Oil and natural gas prices affect demand throughout the oil and gas industry, including the demand for our equipment and services. Our business depends in large part on the conditions of the oil and gas industry, and specifically on the capital investments of our customers related to the exploration and production of oil and natural gas. When these capital investments decline, our customers demand for our services declines. The price of oil, a world-wide commodity, is affected by, among other things, the potential of armed conflict in politically unstable areas such as the Middle East as well as the actions of OPEC, an oil cartel which controls approximately 40 percent of global oil production. OPEC s actions have historically been unpredictable and can contribute to the volatility of the price of oil on the world market. Although the production sector of the oil and gas industry is less immediately affected by changing prices, and, as a result, less volatile than the exploration sector, producers react to declining oil and gas prices by curtailing capital spending, which would adversely affect our business. A prolonged low level of customer activity in the oil and gas industry adversely affects the demand for our equipment and services and our financial condition and results of operations. Reliance upon a large customer may adversely affect our revenues and operating results. At times our business has had a concentration of one or more major customers. One of our customers, a private exploration and production company, accounted for approximately 11 percent of the Company s revenues in 2022 with no other customers exceeding 10 percent of revenues in 2022. There was no customer that accounted for 10 percent or more of the Company s revenues in 2021 or 2020. In addition, there was no customer as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 that accounted for 10 percent or more of accounts receivable. The reliance on a large customer for a significant portion of our total revenues exposes us to the risk that the loss or reduction in revenues from this customer, which could occur unexpectedly, could have a material and disproportionate adverse impact upon our revenues and operating results. Our concentration of customers in one industry and periodic downturns may impact our overall exposure to credit risk and cause us to experience increased credit loss allowance for accounts receivable. Substantially all of our customers operate in the energy industry. This concentration of customers in one industry may impact our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic and industry conditions. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and do not generally require collateral in support of our trade receivables. The periodic downturns that our industry experiences may adversely affect our customers operations which could cause us to experience increased credit losses for accounts receivable. Our business depends on capital spending by our customers, many of whom rely on outside financing to fund their operations. Many of our customers rely on their ability to raise equity capital and debt financing from capital markets to fund their operations. Their ability to raise outside capital depends upon, among other things, the availability of capital, near-term operating prospects of oil and gas companies, current and projected prices of oil and natural gas, and relative attractiveness of competing investments for available investment capital. These factors are outside of our control, and in the event our customers cannot continue to raise outside capital to fund their operations, RPC s financial results would be negatively impacted. RPC s success will depend on its key personnel, and the loss of any key personnel may affect its revenues. RPC s success will depend to a significant extent on the continued service of key management personnel. The loss or interruption of the services of any senior management personnel or the inability to attract and retain other qualified management, sales, marketing and technical employees could disrupt RPC s operations and cause a decrease in its revenues and profit margins. We may be unable to compete in the highly competitive oil and gas industry in the future. We operate in highly competitive areas of the oilfield services industry. The equipment and services in our industry segments are sold in highly competitive markets, and our revenues and earnings have in the past been affected by changes in competitive prices, fluctuations in the level of activity in major markets and general economic conditions. We compete with the oil and gas industry s 
 11 

many large and small industry competitors, including the largest integrated oilfield service providers. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the market areas that we serve are product and service quality and availability, reputation for safety, technical proficiency and price. Although we believe that our reputation for safety and quality service is good, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our competitive position. We may be unable to identify or complete acquisitions. Acquisitions have been and may continue to be a key element of our business strategy. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify and acquire acceptable acquisition candidates on terms favorable to us in the future. We may be required to incur substantial indebtedness to finance future acquisitions and also may issue equity securities in connection with such acquisitions. The issuance of additional equity securities could result in significant dilution to our stockholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to integrate successfully the operations and assets of any acquired business with our own business. Any inability on our part to integrate and manage the growth from acquired businesses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are affected by adverse weather conditions. Our operations are directly affected by the weather conditions in several domestic regions, including the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf Coast, the mid-continent and the Appalachian region. Hurricanes and other storms prevalent in the Gulf of Mexico and along the Gulf Coast during certain times of the year may also affect our operations, and severe hurricanes may affect our customers activities for a period of several years. While the impact of these storms may increase the need for certain of our services over a longer period of time, such storms can also decrease our customers activities immediately after they occur. Such hurricanes may also affect the prices of oil and natural gas by disrupting supplies in the short term, which may increase demand for our services in geographic areas not damaged by the storms. Prolonged rain, snow or ice in many of our locations may temporarily prevent our crews and equipment from reaching customer work sites. Due to seasonal differences in weather patterns, our crews may operate more days in some periods than others. Accordingly, our operating results may vary from quarter to quarter, depending on the impact of these weather conditions. Our ability to attract and retain skilled workers may impact growth potential and profitability. Our ability to be productive and profitable will depend substantially on our ability to attract and retain skilled workers. Our ability to expand our operations is, in part, impacted by our ability to increase our labor force. A significant increase in the wages paid by competing employers could result in a reduction in our skilled labor force, increases in the wage rates paid by us, or both. The Company and our industry is being affected by shortages of skilled labor. If labor shortages continue or a significant increase in wages occur, our capacity and profitability could be diminished, and our growth potential could be impaired. Some of our equipment and several types of materials used in providing our services are available from a limited number of suppliers. We purchase equipment provided by a limited number of manufacturers who specialize in oilfield service equipment. During periods of high demand, these manufacturers may not be able to meet our requests for timely delivery, resulting in delayed deliveries of equipment and higher prices for equipment. There are a limited number of suppliers for certain materials used in pressure pumping services, our largest service line. While these materials are generally available, supply disruptions can occur due to factors beyond our control. Such disruptions, delayed deliveries, and higher prices may limit our ability to provide services, or increase the costs of providing services, which could reduce our revenues and profits. We have used outside financing in prior years to accomplish our growth strategy, and outside financing may become unavailable or may be unfavorable to us. Our business requires a great deal of capital to maintain our equipment and increase our fleet of equipment to expand our operations, and we have access to our credit facility to fund our necessary working capital and other capital requirements. Our credit facility, as amended June 22, 2022, provides a borrowing base of 100 million less the amount of any outstanding letters of credit, and bears interest at a floating rate, which exposes us to market risks as interest rates rise. If our existing capital resources become unavailable, inadequate or unfavorable for purposes of funding our capital requirements, we would need to raise additional funds through alternative debt or equity financings to maintain our equipment and continue our growth. Such additional financing sources may not be available when we need them, or may not be available on favorable terms. If we fund our growth through the issuance of public equity, the holdings of stockholders will be diluted. If capital generated either by cash provided by operating activities or outside financing is not available or sufficient for our needs, we may be unable to maintain our equipment, expand our fleet of equipment, or take advantage of other potentially profitable business opportunities, which could reduce our future revenues and profits. 
 12 

Our international operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our operations in various international markets including, but not limited to, Africa, Canada, Argentina, China, Mexico, Latin America and the Middle East are subject to risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, political changes, expropriation, currency restrictions and changes in currency exchange rates, taxes, boycotts and other civil disturbances. The occurrence of any one of these events could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Our financial results could continue to be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The oil and gas industry experienced an unprecedented disruption during 2020 due to the substantial decline in global oil demand caused partly by the COVID-19 pandemic. Although global demand began to rebound in 2021, and has remained strong throughout 2022 and in early 2023, a worsening of the pandemic or a new global pandemic could further impact the economic conditions in the United States, as federal, state and local governments react to the public health crisis, creating uncertainties in the United States, as well as the global economy. RPC instituted strict procedures to assess employee health and safety while in its facilities or on operational locations and attempted to hire redundant crews in order to continue to provide services to its customers. These measures increased the Company s operating expenses, and such higher operating expenses could continue if the COVID-19 pandemic continues during 2023 or a new global pandemic arises. Increasing expectations from customers, investors and other stakeholders regarding our environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices may affect our business, may create additional costs for us, or expose us to related risks. Many companies are receiving greater attention from stakeholders regarding their ESG practices, as well as their oversight of relevant ESG issues. The various stakeholders are placing growing importance on our potential environmental and social issue risk exposure and the impact of our choices. This trend appears likely to continue. Increased focus on ESG and related decision-making may negatively impact us as customers, investors and other stakeholders may choose to not work with us or reallocate capital or decline to make an investment as a result of their assessment of our ESG practices. Companies that do not comport with, or do not adapt to, these evolving investor and stakeholder ESG-related expectations and standards, or that are assessed as not having responded appropriately to the growing focus on ESG matters, may have their brand and reputation harmed, and we or our stock price may be adversely affected even though we may be in full compliance with all relevant laws and regulations. Risk Management Risks. Our business has potential liability for litigation, personal injury and property damage claims assessments. Our operations involve the use of heavy equipment and exposure to inherent risks, including blowouts, explosions and fires. If any of these events were to occur, it could result in liability for personal injury and property damage, pollution or other environmental hazards or loss of production. Litigation may arise from a catastrophic occurrence at a location where our equipment and services are used. This litigation could result in large claims for damages. The frequency and severity of such incidents will affect our operating costs, insurability and relationships with customers, employees and regulators. These occurrences could have a material adverse effect on us. We maintain what we believe is prudent insurance protection. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider reasonable or that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover future claims and assessments that may arise. Our operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with regulations and environmental laws. Our business is significantly affected by stringent environmental laws and other regulations relating to the oil and gas industry and by changes in such laws and the level of enforcement of such laws. We are unable to predict the level of enforcement of existing laws and regulations, how such laws and regulations may be interpreted by enforcement agencies or court rulings, or whether additional laws and regulations will be adopted. The adoption of laws and regulations curtailing exploration and development of oil and gas fields in our areas of operations for economic, environmental or other policy reasons would adversely affect our operations by limiting demand for our services. We also have potential environmental liabilities with respect to our offshore and onshore operations, and could be liable for cleanup costs, or environmental and natural resource damage due to conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred, but is later ruled to be unlawful. We also may be subject to claims for personal injury and property damage due to the generation or disposal of hazardous substances in connection with our operations. We believe that our present operations substantially comply with applicable federal and state pollution control and environmental protection laws and regulations. We also believe that compliance with such laws has had no material adverse effect on our operations to date. However, such environmental laws are changed frequently. We are unable to predict whether environmental laws will, in the future, materially adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Penalties for noncompliance with these laws may include cancellation of permits, fines, and other corrective actions, which would negatively affect our future financial results. 
 13 

Compliance with federal and state regulations relating to hydraulic fracturing could increase our operating costs, cause operational delays, and could reduce or eliminate the demand for our pressure pumping services. RPC s pressure pumping services are the subject of continuing federal, state and local regulatory oversight. This scrutiny is prompted in part by public concern regarding the potential impact on drinking and ground water and other environmental issues arising from the growing use of hydraulic fracturing. Among these regulatory entities is the White House Council on Environmental Quality, which coordinated a review of hydraulic fracturing practices. In addition, a committee of the United States House of Representatives investigated hydraulic fracturing practices and publicized information regarding the materials used in hydraulic fracturing. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) also conducted a study of the environmental impact of hydraulic fracturing practices, and in 2015, issued a report which concluded that hydraulic fracturing had not caused a measurable impact on drinking water sources in the U.S. This and similar conclusions from similar investigations carry positive implications for our industry. In spite of these favorable empirical data, the current administration imposed a temporary suspension of new oil and gas leasing permits on federal oil and gas drilling areas. This suspension has been challenged in court and was blocked in the fourth quarter of 2021. Early in 2023 a final decision was still pending. This legislation has had a minimal impact on RPC s Technical Services Segment s revenues. Furthermore, we do not believe that this ban, or any similar future ban, would impact RPC s Technical Services Segment s revenues because this or similar bans would only apply to drilling and completion on Federal lands, which account for less than 10 percent of U.S. oilfield activity. General Risks. Our common stock price has been volatile. Historically, the market price of common stock of companies engaged in the oil and gas services industry has been highly volatile. Likewise, the market price of our common stock has varied significantly in the past. Risks Related to our Capital and Ownership Structure. Our management and directors have a substantial ownership interest, and public stockholders may have no effective voice in the management of the Company. The Company has elected the Controlled Corporation exemption under Section 303A of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE Listed Company Manual. The Company is a Controlled Corporation because a group that includes Gary W. Rollins, Pamela R. Rollins, Amy Rollins Kreisler and Timothy C. Rollins, each of whom is a director of the Company, and certain companies under their control, controls in excess of fifty percent of the Company s voting power. As a Controlled Corporation, the Company need not comply with certain NYSE rules including those requiring a majority of independent directors, and independent compensation and nominating committees. RPC s executive officers, directors and their affiliates hold directly or through indirect beneficial ownership, in the aggregate, 61 percent of RPC s outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, these stockholders effectively control the operations of RPC, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions such as acquisitions and other matters requiring stockholder approval. This concentration of ownership could also have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control over the Company at a premium. The Controlling Group could take actions that could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or stock price. The Controlling Group may from time to time and at any time, in their sole discretion, acquire or cause to be acquired, additional equity or other instruments of the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates, or derivative instruments the value of which is linked to Company securities, or dispose or cause to be disposed, such equity or other securities or instruments, in any amount that the Controlling Group may determine in their sole discretion, through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. In addition, depending upon a variety of factors, the Controlling Group may at any time engage in discussions with the Company and its affiliates, and other persons, including retained outside advisers, concerning the Company s business, management, strategic alternatives and direction, and in their sole discretion, consider, formulate and implement various plans or proposals intended to enhance the value of their investment in the Company. In the event the Controlling Group were to engage in any of these actions, our common stock price could be negatively impacted, such actions could cause volatility in the market for our common stock or could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition. 
 14 

Our management and directors have a substantial ownership interest, and the availability of the Company s common stock to the investing public may be limited. The availability of RPC s common stock to the investing public may be limited to those shares not held by the executive officers, directors and their affiliates, which could negatively impact RPC s stock trading prices and affect the ability of minority stockholders to sell their shares. Future sales by executive officers, directors and their affiliates of all or a portion of their shares could also negatively affect the trading price of our common stock. Provisions in RPC s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may inhibit a takeover of RPC. RPC s certificate of incorporation, bylaws and other documents contain provisions including advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations, and staggered terms for the Board of Directors. These provisions may make a tender offer, change in control or takeover attempt that is opposed by RPC s Board of Directors more difficult or expensive. Risks Related to Digital Operations, Cybersecurity and Business Disruption. Our operations rely on digital systems and processes that are subject to cyber-attacks or other threats that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. Our operations are dependent on digital technologies and services. We use these technologies and services for internal purposes, including data storage, processing and transmissions, as well as in our interactions with customers and suppliers. Digital technologies are subject to the risk of cyber-attacks, both from internal and external threats. Internal threats in cybersecurity are caused by the misuse of access to networks and assets by individuals within the Company by maliciously or negligently disclosing, modifying or deleting sensitive information. Individuals within the Company include current employees, contractors and partners. External threats in cybersecurity are caused by unauthorized parties attempting to gain access to our networks and assets by exploiting security vulnerabilities or through the introduction of malicious code, such as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and ransomware. In response to the risk of cyber-attacks, we regularly review and update processes to prevent unauthorized access to our networks and assets and misuse of data. We provide regular security awareness training for all employees, simulate phishing attempts and closely manage the accounts and privileges of all employees and contractors. In addition, we have adopted an established cybersecurity framework that provides significant risk management across several areas. We also maintain an up-to-date incident response plan to quickly address cybersecurity incidents. We have experienced unsuccessful cyberattack attempts to gain unauthorized access to our network. To date, these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove to be insufficient, we could be adversely affected by, among other things, loss of or damage to intellectual property, proprietary or confidential information, or customer, supplier, or employee data, as well as, interruption of our business operations and increased costs required to prevent, respond to, or mitigate cybersecurity attacks. These risks could harm our reputation and our relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and other third parties, and may result in claims against us. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. 
 15 

Item 2. Properties RPC owns or leases approximately 60 offices and operating facilities. The Company leases approximately 21,200 square feet of office space in Atlanta, Georgia that serves as its headquarters, a portion of which is allocated and charged to Marine Products Corporation. See Related Party Transactions contained in Item 7. As of December 31, 2021, the lease agreement on the headquarters is effective through May 2031. RPC believes its current operating facilities are suitable and adequate to meet current and reasonably anticipated future needs. Descriptions of the major facilities used in our operations are as follows: 

Owned Locations Broussard, Louisiana Operations, sales and equipment storage yard Elk City, Oklahoma Operations, sales and equipment storage yard Houma, Louisiana Administrative office Channelview, Texas Pipe storage yard and inspection services Odessa, Texas Pumping services facility Rock Springs, Wyoming Operations, sales and equipment storage yard Vernal, Utah Operations, sales and equipment storage yards Newcastle, Oklahoma Operations, sales and administrative offices Leased Locations Midland, Texas Operations, sales and administrative offices Seminole, Oklahoma Pumping services facility The Woodlands, Texas Operations, sales and administrative office Odessa, Texas Pumping services facility 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings RPC is a party to various routine legal proceedings primarily involving commercial claims, workers compensation claims and claims for personal injury. RPC insures against these risks to the extent deemed prudent by its management, but no assurance can be given that the nature and amount of such insurance will, in every case, fully indemnify RPC against liabilities arising out of pending and future legal proceedings related to its business activities. While the outcome of these lawsuits, legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the outcome of all such proceedings, even if determined adversely, would not have a material adverse effect on RPC s business or financial condition. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures The information required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95.1 to this Form 10-K. Item 4A. Information About Our Executive Officers The Executive Officers have been elected by the Board of Directors to serve until the April 2023 Board of Directors meeting, or until their earlier removal by the Board of Directors or their resignation. The following table lists the executive officers of RPC and their ages, offices, and terms of office with RPC. 

Name and Office with Registrant Age Date First Elected to Present Office Ben M. Palmer (1) 62 5/17/22 President and Chief Executive Officer Michael L. Schmit (2) 50 5/17/22 Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary Richard A. Hubbell (3) 78 5/17/22 Executive Chairman of the Board (1) Ben M. Palmer became President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective May 17, 2022. Previously, he served as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company since 1996 and assumed responsibility as Corporate 
 16 

Secretary in 2018. He is also the President and Chief Executive Officer of Marine Products Corporation and previously served as its Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Palmer serves on the Board of Directors for both of these companies. (2) Michael L. Schmit has been Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary of the Company since May 17, 2022. He is also Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary of Marine Products Corporation. (3) Richard A. Hubbell has been Executive Chairman of the Board, since May 17, 2022. Prior to that, he served as the Company s President since 1987 and Chief Executive Officer since 2003. He is also the Executive Chairman of the Board at Marine Products Corporation. and previously served as its President and Chief Executive Officer since 2001. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities RPC s common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RES. As of February 17, 2023 there were 217,535,918 shares of common stock outstanding and approximately 22,000 beneficial holders of our common stock. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Shares repurchased by the Company and affiliated purchases in the fourth quarter of 2022 are outlined below. 

Total Number Maximum of Shares (or Number (or Units) Approximate Purchased as Dollar Value) of Part of Shares (or Units) Total Number of Average Price Publicly that May Yet Be Shares Paid Per Announced Purchased Under (or Units) Share Plans or the Plans or Period Purchased (or Unit) Programs (1) Programs (1) October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 8,248,184 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 8,248,184 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 728 (2) 8.71 8,248,184 Totals 728 8.71 8,248,184 (1) The Company has a stock buyback program initially adopted in 1998 and subsequently amended in 2013 and 2018 that authorizes the repurchase of up to 41,578,125 shares. There were no shares repurchased as part of this program during the fourth quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there are 8,248,184 shares available to be repurchased under the current authorization. Currently the program does not have a predetermined expiration date. (2) Represents shares repurchased by the Company in connection with taxes related to vesting of certain shares. 
 17 

Performance Graph The following graph shows a five-year comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return based on the performance of the stock of the Company, assuming dividend reinvestment, as compared with both a broad equity market index and an industry or peer group index. The indices included in the following graph are the Russell 2000 Index Russell 2000 ), the Philadelphia Stock Exchange s Oil Service Index OSX ), and a peer group which includes companies that are considered peers of the Company (the Peer Group ). The Company has voluntarily chosen to provide both an industry and a peer group index. The Company was a component of the Russell 2000 during 2022. The Russell 2000 is a stock index measuring the performance of the small-cap segment of the US equity universe. The components of the index had a weighted average market capitalization in 2022 of 2.8 billion, and a median market capitalization of 950 million. The Russell 2000 was chosen because it represents companies with comparable market capitalizations to the Company, and because the Company is a component of the index. The OSX is a stock index of 15 companies that provide oil drilling and production services, oilfield equipment, support services and geophysical/reservoir services. The Company is not a component of the OSX, but this index was chosen because it represents a large group of companies that provide the same or similar equipment and services as the Company. The companies included in the Peer Group are Halliburton Company, NexTier Oilfield Solutions, Inc., Oil States International, Inc., and Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. The companies included in the Peer Group have been weighted according to each respective issuer s stock market capitalization at the beginning of each year. The peer group used in the immediately preceding fiscal year the Former Peer Group included Oil States International, Inc., Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. and Halliburton Company. NexTier Oilfield Solutions, Inc. is included for this fiscal year because it operates similar service lines in similar domestic markets as the Company and has sufficient trading history to be included for this fiscal year. Item 6. Reserved 
 18 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Selected Financial Data and the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this document. See also Forward-Looking Statements on page 2. Discussions of year-to-year comparisons of 2021 and 2020 items that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 on our Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which Item is incorporated herein by reference. RPC, Inc. RPC provides a broad range of specialized oilfield services primarily to independent and major oilfield companies engaged in exploration, production and development of oil and gas properties throughout the United States, including the southwest, mid-continent, Gulf of Mexico, Rocky Mountain and Appalachian regions, and in selected international markets. The Company s revenues and profits are generated by providing equipment and services to customers who operate oil and gas properties and invest capital to drill new wells and enhance production or perform maintenance on existing wells. Our key business and financial strategies are: - To focus our management resources on and invest our capital in equipment and geographic markets that we believe will earn high returns on capital. - To maintain a flexible cost structure that can respond quickly to volatile industry conditions and business activity levels. - To maintain capital strength sufficient to allow us to remain a going concern and maintain our operational strength during protracted industry downturns. - To maintain an efficient, low-cost capital structure which includes an appropriate use of debt financing. - To optimize asset utilization with the goal of increasing revenues and generating leverage of direct and overhead costs, balanced against increasingly high maintenance requirements and low financial returns experienced during times of low customer pricing for our services. - To deliver product and services to our customers safely. - To secure adequate sources of supplies of raw materials used in our operations. - To maintain and selectively increase market share. - To maximize stockholder return by optimizing the balance between cash invested in the Company s productive assets, the payment of dividends to stockholders, and the repurchase of our common stock on the open market. - To align the interests of our management and stockholders. 
 In assessing the outcomes of these strategies and RPC s financial condition and operating performance, management generally reviews periodic forecast data, monthly actual results, and other similar information. We also consider trends related to certain key financial data, including revenues, utilization of our equipment and personnel, maintenance and repair expenses, pricing for our services and equipment, profit margins, selling, general and administrative expenses, cash flows and the return on our invested capital. Additionally, we compare our trends to those of our peers. We continuously monitor factors that impact current and expected customer activity levels, such as the price of oil and natural gas, changes in pricing for our services and equipment and utilization of our equipment and personnel. Our financial results are affected by geopolitical factors such as political instability in the petroleum-producing regions of the world, overall economic conditions and weather in the United States, the prices of oil and natural gas, and our customers drilling and production activities. The oil and gas industry experienced an unprecedented disruption during 2020 due to the substantial decline in global oil demand caused partly by the COVID-19 pandemic. Although global demand began to rebound in 2021, and has remained strong throughout 2022, the pandemic could continue to impact the economic conditions in the United States, as federal, state and local governments react to the public health crisis, creating uncertainties in the United States, as well as the global economy. RPC instituted strict 
 19 

procedures to assess employee health and safety in its facilities and operational locations and attempted to hire redundant crews in order to continue to provide services to its customers. Current industry conditions are characterized by oil prices which have risen from less than 20 per barrel in the second quarter of 2020 to approximately 80 per barrel early in the first quarter of 2023. While there are many factors influencing the price of oil, we believe that Russia s invasion of Ukraine in the first quarter of 2022 destabilized global oil markets, causing prices to rise, while also increasing the attractiveness of the U.S. domestic oilfield due to its oil and natural gas reserves, political stability and downstream energy infrastructure. In response to these conditions, the U.S. domestic rig count has risen from a low of 244 in the third quarter of 2020 to 771 early in the first quarter of 2023. In addition, well completions have increased from 1,110 in the third quarter of 2020 to 2,959 in the fourth quarter of 2022. RPC believes that oil production in the United States has also become an increasingly important determinant of global oil prices, because the United States has grown to be the world s largest producer of oil and is more flexible in its ability to increase or decrease drilling and production activities more rapidly than the state-owned oil companies which comprise OPEC membership. During the past several years, improving drilling and completion activity have caused U.S. domestic oil production to rise to record production levels. Oil production fell during 2020 and 2021 during the downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, but by the fourth quarter of 2022 had increased to within five percent of record oil production recorded during the fourth quarter of 2019 (source: U.S. Energy Information Administration). Customer activities directed towards natural gas drilling and production have been weak for many years because of the high production of shale-directed natural gas wells, the high amount of natural gas production associated with oil-directed shale wells in the U.S. domestic market, and relatively constant consumption of natural gas in the United States. One result of high natural gas production and steady demand has been a decline in the price of natural gas. The price of natural gas briefly rose to 9.56 per Mcf during the third quarter of 2022 as the market assessed the impact of European sanctions against Russian natural gas imports and the potential of a cold winter. However, the price of natural gas fell during the fourth quarter of 2022 and early 2023. The price of natural gas early in the first quarter of 2023 was 3.46 per Mcf, which was approximately 17.4 percent lower than at the same time in 2022. The Company believes that the recent decline in the price of natural gas discourages our customers from conducting natural gas-directed drilling and completion activities during the near term. However, the Company also believes that the long-term outlook for natural gas-directed drilling and completion activities in the United States is favorable due to global political instability and projected increases in U.S. natural gas export capabilities. The Company s strategy of utilizing equipment in unconventional basins continued. During 2022, we made capital expenditures, excluding the equipment acquired under a finance lease, totaling 139.6 million, an increase of 72.0 million compared to the prior year. Capital expenditures during 2022 were primarily directed towards capitalized maintenance and selected growth opportunities. Revenues during 2022 totaled 1.6 billion, an increase of 85.2 percent compared to 2021. This increase was primarily due to improved pricing, higher customer activity levels and a larger active fleet of revenue-producing equipment. Cost of revenues increased 424.9 million in 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to increases in expenses consistent with higher activity levels, such as materials and supplies expenses, employment costs and fuel costs. In addition, these costs increased due to higher market prices for materials and supplies, fuel and other raw materials. As a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues decreased to 67.9 percent in 2022 compared to 76.7 percent in 2021 due to improved pricing for our services and leverage of employment costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 9.3 percent in 2022 compared to 14.3 percent in 2021, primarily due to leverage of costs that are relatively fixed during the short term over higher revenues. Income before income taxes was 289.6 million for 2022 compared to 16.4 million in 2021. Net income for 2022 was 218.4 million, or 1.01 earnings per share compared to net income of 7.2 million, or 0.03 earnings per share in 2021. Cash flows from operating activities increased to 201.3 million in 2022 compared to 47.7 million in 2021 primarily due to a significant increase in net income, partially offset by increased working capital requirements in 2022 compared to 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under our credit facility. 
 20 

Outlook Drilling activity in the U.S. domestic oilfields, as measured by the rotary drilling rig count, reached a cyclical peak of 1,083 during the fourth quarter of 2018 (Source: Baker Hughes, Inc.). Between the fourth quarter of 2018 and the third quarter of 2020, the drilling rig count fell by 77 percent. During the third quarter of 2020, the U.S. domestic drilling rig count reached the lowest level recorded up to that time. The principal catalyst for this steep rig count decline was the decrease in the price of oil in the world markets resulting from the decline in global oil demand associated with the COVID-19 pandemic which began in the first quarter of 2020. Rig count during 2022 increased 51.3 percent compared to 2021. The current and projected prices of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids are important catalysts for U.S. domestic drilling activity. Following the trough of the most recent oilfield downturn in the second quarter of 2020, the price of oil has risen by more than 100 percent in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the average price of oil in the second quarter of 2020. The price of natural gas has risen by over 225 percent during the same time period. Following a low price of 0.23 per gallon in the first quarter of 2020, the price of benchmark natural gas liquids has risen to 0.80 per gallon in the fourth quarter of 2022 (Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration). In addition, oil and gas prices experienced increases beginning in February 2022 due to concerns about potential world-wide supply constraints resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Although the price increases in these commodities have recently moderated from their highs, RPC believes that they remain above levels sufficient to motivate our customers to increase drilling and completion activities. The Russian invasion of Ukraine during the first quarter of 2022 prompted Western European countries to curtail or eliminate their purchases of natural gas from Russia. As a result, the demand for liquified natural gas from the United States increased significantly, which increased the price for natural gas in the United States to its highest level since 2008 and has encouraged additional investment in liquified natural gas production facilities in the United States. These higher prices and additional investments in natural gas infrastructure should encourage RPC s customers to increase their natural gas-directed exploration and production activities. The majority of the U.S. domestic rig count remains directed towards oil. In the fourth quarter of 2022, approximately 79 percent of the U.S. domestic rig count was directed towards oil, compared to 82 percent in the prior year. We believe that oil-directed drilling will remain the majority of domestic drilling, and that natural gas-directed drilling will remain a low percentage of U.S. domestic drilling in the near term. However, we believe that natural gas-directed drilling will increase because of favorable long-term market dynamics. This projected higher demand should drive increased activity in most of the basins in which RPC operates. We continue to monitor the market for our services and the competitive environment, including the current trends and expectations with regard to environmental concerns and related impact on our equipment fleets. The growing efficiency with which oilfield completion crews are providing services is a catalyst for the oversupplied nature of the oilfield services market. We believe that most of the feasible efficiency gains have been realized, and a number of our smaller competitors have ceased operations. These factors, combined with the increase in drilling and completion activities and the improvement in commodity prices, leads us to believe that the competitive market for our services has improved during 2022 and we expect demand will continue to improve during the near term. During 2022, RPC made payments under a finance lease arrangement, with a final payment in the third quarter of 2022, for a new Tier 4 dual-fuel pressure pumping fleet that went to work during the fourth quarter of 2021. In addition, the Company refurbished an existing fleet that was placed into service during 2022 and is currently refurbishing another existing fleet that will be placed in service in early 2023. Additionally, the Company has ordered a pressure pumping fleet that is projected to be delivered in the first half of 2023. We have selectively upgraded our existing equipment to operate using multiple fuel sources and to take advantage of advances in technology and data collection. RPC s response to our industry s current higher activity levels and improved service pricing is primarily to maintain and upgrade our current fleet capacity of revenue-producing equipment. We will remain highly disciplined about adding new revenue-producing equipment capacity and will only expand when we believe the projected financial returns of such capital expenditures meet our financial return criteria. The Company is allocating capital in the coming year to maintain the capacity of its pressure pumping fleet to offset anticipated future fleet retirements. 
 21 

Results of Operations 

2022 2021 2020 Consolidated revenues [in thousands] 1,601,762 864,929 598,302 Revenues by business segment [in thousands] : Technical 1,516,363 815,046 556,488 Support 85,399 49,883 41,814 Consolidated operating income (loss) [in thousands ] 287,940 16,291 (309,635) Operating income (loss) by business segment [in thousands]: Technical 281,622 24,434 (82,525) Support 18,095 (5,725) (6,714) Corporate (17,660) (13,300) (12,426) Pension settlement, impairment and other charges (1)(2) (2,921) (217,493) Gain on disposition of assets, net 8,804 10,882 9,523 Net income (loss) [in thousands] 218,363 7,217 (212,192) Earnings (loss) per share diluted 1.01 0.03 (1.00) Percentage cost of revenues to revenues 68 77 80 Percentage selling, general administrative expenses to revenues 9 14 21 Percentage depreciation and amortization expense to revenues 5 8 16 Effective income tax rate 24.6 56.1 31.4 Average U.S. domestic rig count 723 478 436 Average natural gas price (per thousand cubic feet (mcf)) 6.44 3.92 2.03 Average oil price (per barrel) 94.89 68.13 39.50 (1) Amount in 2022 relates to pension settlement loss. See note 13 of the consolidated financial statements. (2) Amount in 2020 includes 212,292 related to technical services, 4,660 related to pension settlement loss and the remainder related to corporate expenses. Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Revenues. Revenues in 2022 increased 736.8 million or 85.2 percent compared to 2021 primarily due to higher customer activity levels, pricing improvements and a larger fleet of pressure pumping equipment in service. The Technical Services segment revenues in 2022 increased 701.3 million or 86.0 percent compared to the prior year. The increase is primarily due to higher activity levels and improved pricing as compared to the prior year. The Support Services segment revenues in 2022 increased 35.5 million or 71.2 percent compared to 2021 due to higher activity levels for rental tools. Technical Services reported operating income of 281.6 million during 2022 compared to an operating income of 24.4 million in the prior year, while Support Services reported an operating income of 18.1 million in 2022 compared to an operating loss of 5.7 million in the prior year. The average price of oil increased 39.3 percent and the average price of natural gas increased 64.1 percent during 2022 compared to the prior year. The average domestic rig count during 2022 was 51.3 percent higher than 2021. International revenues, which increased slightly from 31.2 million in 2021 to 32.6 million in 2022, were two percent of consolidated revenues in 2022 compared to four percent in 2021. International revenues decreased in 2022 primarily due to lower activity levels in Canada compared to the prior year. Our international revenues are impacted by the timing of project initiation and their ultimate duration. Cost of revenues. Cost of revenues in 2022 increased 424.9 million or 64.1 percent compared to 2021 primarily due to increases in expenses consistent with higher activity levels, such as materials and supplies expenses, maintenance and repairs expenses, employment costs and fuel costs. In addition, these costs increased due to higher market prices for materials and supplies, fuel and other raw materials. As a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues decreased to 67.9 percent in 2022 compared to 76.7 percent in 2021 due to the leverage of direct employment costs over higher revenues, improved pricing and a favorable job mix within pressure pumping. Selling, general and administrative expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 148.6 million in 2022 compared to 123.6 million in 2021 primarily due to increases in employment related costs including variable incentive compensation costs consistent with improved operating results. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 9.3 percent of revenues in 2022 compared to 14.3 percent of revenues in 2021 due to leverage of costs that are relatively fixed during the short term over higher revenues. 
 22 

Depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization were 83.0 million in 2022, an increase of 10.3 million, compared to 72.7 million in 2021. Depreciation and amortization increased due to capital expenditures in the past year. Gain on disposition of assets, net. Gain on disposition of assets, net was 8.8 million in 2022 compared to 10.9 million in 2021. The gain on disposition of assets, net is generally comprised of gains and losses related to various property and equipment dispositions or sales to customers of lost or damaged rental equipment. Other income, net. Other income, net was 1.1 million in 2022 compared to other income, net of 2.0 million in 2021. Interest expense and interest income. Interest expense was 0.6 million in 2022 compared to interest expense of 1.9 million in 2021. Interest expense for 2021 was unusually high, primarily due to interest expense related to the settlement of a legal dispute with a supplier coupled with interest charged in connection with resolution of a state well servicing audit. Interest expense includes facility fees on the unused portion of the credit facility and the amortization of loan costs. Interest income increased to 1.2 million in 2022 compared to 0.1 million in 2021 due to a higher average cash balance coupled with an increase in investment yields consistent with higher interest rates. Income tax provision. Income tax provision was 71.3 million in 2022, compared to 9.2 million income tax provision for the same period in 2021. The effective tax rate was 24.6 percent for 2022 compared to 56.1 percent for 2021. The increase in the income tax provision in 2022 is primarily related to an increase in pretax income. The decrease in the effective tax rate resulted from higher pre tax income which diluted the impact of the unfavorable permanent and discrete adjustments. Net income and diluted earnings per share . Net income was 218.4 million in 2022, or 1.01 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income of 7.2 million in 2021, or 0.03 diluted earnings per share. This improvement in earnings per share was primarily due to higher profitability, as average shares outstanding was essentially unchanged. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash and Cash Flows The Company s cash and cash equivalents were 126.4 million as of December 31, 2022, 82.4 million as of December 31, 2021 and 84.5 million as of December 31, 2020. The following table sets forth the historical cash flows for the years ended December 31: 

2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 201,286 47,719 77,958 Net cash used for investing activities (123,715) (47,631) (42,659) Net cash used for financing activities (33,580) (2,151) (826) Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 153.6 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes net income of 218.4 million, less an unfavorable change in accounts receivable of 157.9 million, partially offset by favorable changes in other components of our working capital (accounts payable, accrued payroll and taxes receivable) totaling 69.8 million. The net unfavorable changes in working capital were the result of increased business activity levels. Cash used for investing activities for 2022 increased by 76.1 million compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures consistent with higher business activity levels and an improved operating environment. Cash used for financing activities for 2022 increased by 31.4 million primarily due to cash paid for a finance lease beginning in the third quarter of 2021, coupled with the reinstatement of cash dividends paid to common stockholders in the third quarter of 2022. Financial Condition and Liquidity The Company s financial condition remains strong. We believe the liquidity provided by our existing cash and cash equivalents and our overall strong capitalization will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our requirements for at least the next twelve months. The Company s decisions about the amount of cash to be used for investing and financing activities are influenced by our capital position, 
 23 

and the expected amount of cash to be provided by operations. RPC does not expect to utilize our revolving credit facility to meet these liquidity requirements in the near term. The Company currently has a 100.0 million revolving credit facility that matures in June 2027 as recently amended. The facility contains customary terms and conditions, including restrictions on indebtedness, dividend payments, business combinations and other related items. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company further amended the revolving credit facility. Among other matters, the amendment (1) extends the termination date for revolving loans from July 26, 2023 to June 22, 2027, (2) replaces LIBOR with Term SOFR as an interest rate option in connection with revolving loan borrowings and reduces the applicable rate margins by approximately 25.0 basis points at each pricing level, (3) introduces a 1.00 per annum floor for base rate borrowings, (4) permits the issuance of letters of credit in currencies other than U.S. dollars. As of December 31, 2022, RPC had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, and letters of credit outstanding relating to self-insurance programs and contract bids totaled 17.5 million; therefore, a total of 82.5 million of the facility was available. The Company was in compliance with the credit facility financial covenants as of December 31, 2022. For additional information with respect to RPC s facility, see Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements. Cash Requirements Capital expenditures were 139.6 million in 2022, and we currently expect capital expenditures to be between 250 million to 300 million in 2023, which will be directed towards both capitalized maintenance of our existing equipment and selected growth opportunities. The Company is allocating capital to maintain the capacity of its pressure pumping fleet to offset anticipated future fleet retirements. RPC refurbished an existing fleet that was placed into service during 2022 and is currently refurbishing another existing fleet that will be placed in service in early 2023. In addition, the Company ordered a pressure pumping fleet that is expected to be delivered and paid for in the first half of 2023. During 2022, RPC made payments totaling 24.0 million for a pressure pumping fleet under a finance lease which was initiated in 2021. The actual amount of capital expenditures will depend primarily on equipment maintenance requirements, expansion opportunities, and equipment delivery schedules. The Company has ongoing sales and use tax audits in various jurisdictions subject to varying interpretations of statutes. The Company has recorded the exposure from these audits to the extent issues are resolved or can be reasonably estimated. There are issues that could result in unfavorable outcomes that cannot be currently estimated. See Note 12 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company initiated actions to terminate the defined benefit pension plan which are expected to be completed in early 2023. The Company currently expects to make a final cash contribution of approximately 6.0 million to 10.0 million as part of the termination. The Company did not make any cash contributions to this plan during 2022 or 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s stock buyback program has authorized the aggregate repurchase of up to 41,578,125 shares, including an additional 10,000,000 shares authorized for repurchase by the Board of Directors on February 12, 2018. No shares were purchased on the open market during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 8,248,184 shares remain available to be repurchased under the current authorization. The Company may repurchase outstanding common shares periodically based on market conditions and our capital allocation strategies considering restrictions under our credit facility. The stock buyback program does not have a predetermined expiration date. On January 24, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.04 per share payable March 10, 2023 to common stockholders of record at the close of business on February 10, 2023. The Company expects to continue to pay cash dividends to common stockholders, subject to industry conditions and RPC s earnings, financial condition, and other relevant factors. Contractual Obligations The Company s obligations and commitments that require future payments include our credit facility, certain non-cancelable leases, purchase obligations, amounts related to the usage of corporate aircraft and other long-term liabilities. See note 16 of the consolidated financial statements for details regarding RPC s lease obligations. F air Value Measurements The Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in the fair value hierarchy (Level 1, 2 or 3) based on the inputs used for valuation. Assets and liabilities that are traded on an exchange with a quoted price are classified as Level 1. Assets and liabilities that are valued using significant observable inputs in addition to quoted market prices are classified as Level 2. The Company currently has no assets or liabilities measured on a recurring basis that are valued using unobservable inputs and therefore no assets or liabilities measured on a recurring basis are classified as Level 3. For defined benefit plan and Supplemental Executive 
 24 

Retirement Plan SERP investments measured at net asset value, the values are computed using inputs such as cost, discounted future cash flows, independent appraisals and market based comparable data or on net asset values calculated by the fund when not publicly available. Inflation The Company purchases its equipment and materials from suppliers who provide competitive prices, and employs skilled workers from competitive labor markets. If inflation in the general economy increases, the Company s costs for equipment, materials and labor could increase as well. In addition, increases in activity in the domestic oilfield can cause upward wage pressures in the labor markets from which it hires employees, especially if employment in the general economy increases. Also, activity increases can cause supply disruptions and higher costs of certain materials and key equipment components used to provide services to the Company s customers. During 2021 and continuing through 2022, the price of labor and raw materials have been increasing due to improving oilfield activity and labor shortages caused by the departure of skilled labor from the domestic oilfield industry in prior years. During 2022, market prices of some raw materials and key equipment components increased significantly and availability has been challenged. We have successfully increased the pricing for our equipment and services to cover much of these cost increases, but due to the competitive nature of the oilfield services business, there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to do this successfully in the future. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements The Company does not have any material off balance sheet arrangements. Related Party Transactions See Note 14 of the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a description of related party transactions. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, which require significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating accounting estimates. These judgments are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, trends in the industry, and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. Senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of its critical accounting policies requiring significant judgements and estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The Company believes the following critical accounting policies involve estimates that require a higher degree of judgment and complexity: Credit loss allowance for accounts receivable Substantially all of the Company s receivables are due from oil and gas exploration and production companies in the United States, selected international locations and foreign, nationally owned oil companies. Our credit loss allowance is determined using a combination of factors to ensure that our receivables are not overstated due to uncollectibility. Our established credit evaluation procedures seek to minimize the amount of business we conduct with higher risk customers. Our customers ability to pay is directly related to their ability to generate cash flow on their projects and is significantly affected by the volatility in the price of oil and natural gas. Credit loss allowance for accounts receivable are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. Accounts are written off against the allowance when the Company determines that amounts are uncollectible and recoveries of amounts previously written off are recorded when collected. Significant recoveries will generally reduce the required provision in the period of recovery, thereby causing credit loss allowance to fluctuate significantly from period to period. Recoveries were insignificant in 2022, 2021 and 2020. We record specific provisions when we become aware of a customer s inability to meet its financial obligations, such as in the case of bankruptcy filings or deterioration in the customer s operating results or financial position. If circumstances related to a customer changes, our estimate of the realizability of the receivable would be further adjusted, either upward or downward. The estimated credit loss allowance is based on our evaluation of the overall trends in the oil and gas industry, financial condition of our customers, our historical write-off experience, current economic conditions, and in the case of international customers, our judgments about the economic and political environment of the related country and region. In addition to reserves established for specific customers, we establish general reserves by using different percentages depending on the age of the receivables which we adjust periodically based on management judgment and the economic strength of our customers. The net credit loss allowance as a percentage of revenues ranged from 0.4 percent to 0.8 percent over the last three years. Increasing or decreasing the estimated general 
 25 

reserve percentages by 0.50 percentage points as of December 31, 2022 would have resulted in a change of 1.9 million in the recorded provision for current expected credit losses. Insurance expenses The Company self-insures, up to certain policy-specified limits, certain risks related to general liability, workers compensation, vehicle and equipment liability. The cost of claims under these self-insurance programs is estimated and accrued using individual case-based valuations and statistical analysis and is based upon judgment and historical experience; however, the ultimate cost of many of these claims may not be known for several years. These claims are monitored and the cost estimates are revised as developments occur relating to such claims. The Company has retained an independent third party actuary to assist in the calculation of a range of exposure for these claims. As of December 31, 2022, the Company estimates the range of exposure to be from 8.4 million to 12.4 million. The Company has recorded liabilities at December 31, 2022 of 10.4 million which represents management s best estimate of probable loss. Long-lived assets including goodwill RPC carries a variety of long-lived assets on its balance sheet including property, plant and equipment and goodwill. Impairment is the condition that exists when the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. Goodwill is the excess of the cost of an acquired entity over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company conducts impairment tests on goodwill annually, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may exist. In addition, the Company conducts impairment tests on long-lived assets, other than goodwill, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. For the impairment testing on long-lived assets, other than goodwill, a long-lived asset is grouped at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group are compared to its carrying amount. If the undiscounted cash flows are less than the asset group s carrying amount, then the Company is required to determine the asset group s fair value by using a discounted cash flow analysis. This analysis is based on estimates such as management s short-term and long-term forecast of operating performance, including revenue growth rates and expected profitability margins, estimates of the remaining useful life and service potential of the assets within the asset group, and a discount rate based on weighted average cost of capital. An impairment loss is measured and recorded as the amount by which the asset group s carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Assessment of goodwill impairment is conducted at the level of each reporting unit, which is the same as our reportable segments, Technical Services and Support Services, comparing the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to the reporting unit s carrying value, including goodwill. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using an income approach and a market approach. The income approach uses discounted cash flow analysis based on management s short-term and long-term forecast of operating performance. This analysis includes significant assumptions regarding discount rates, revenue growth rates, expected profitability margins, forecasted capital expenditures and the timing of expected future cash flows based on market conditions. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered impaired. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is measured and recorded. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference for a description of recent accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on results of operations and financial condition. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The Company is subject to interest rate risk exposure through borrowings on its revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, there were no outstanding interest-bearing advances on our credit facility which bore interest at a floating rate. Additionally, the Company is exposed to market risk resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates. However, since the majority of the Company s transactions occur in U.S. currency, this risk is not expected to have a material effect on its consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
 26 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING To the Stockholders of RPC, Inc.: The management of RPC, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. RPC, Inc. maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, that assets are safeguarded against loss or unauthorized use and that the financial records are adequate and can be relied upon to produce financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The internal control system is augmented by written policies and procedures, an internal audit program and the selection and training of qualified personnel. This system includes policies that require adherence to ethical business standards and compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any controls system. A controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met. Also, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and any instances of fraud, if any, within the Company will be detected. Further, the design of a controls system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. The Company intends to continually improve and refine its internal controls. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management s assessment is that RPC, Inc. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The independent registered public accounting firm, Grant Thornton LLP, has audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and has also issued their report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, included in this report on page 28. 

/s/ Ben M. Palmer /s/ Michael L. Schmit Ben M. Palmer President and Chief Executive Officer Michael L. Schmit Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary Atlanta, Georgia February 27, 2023 
 27 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Stockholders RPC, Inc. Opinion on internal control over financial reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of RPC, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ February 27, 2023 
 28 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Stockholders RPC, Inc. Opinion on the financial statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of RPC, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(2) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. Basis for opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical audit matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. Atlanta, Georgia February 27, 2023 
 29 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (in thousands except share information) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of in 2022 and in 2021 Inventories Income taxes receivable Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation of in 2022 and in 2021 Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued payroll and related expenses Accrued insurance expenses Accrued state, local and other taxes Income taxes payable Pension liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of finance lease liabilities Other accrued expenses Total current liabilities Long-term accrued insurance expenses Long-term pension and retirement plans liabilities Deferred income taxes Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding in 2022 and 2021, respectively Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 30 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (in thousands except per share data) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues COSTS AND EXPENSES: Cost of revenues Selling, general and administrative expenses Pension settlement, impairment and other charges Depreciation and amortization Gain on disposition of assets, net ) ) ) Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other income, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share Basic ) Diluted ) Dividends paid per share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 31 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (in thousands except per share data) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income: Pension adjustment and reclassification adjustment, net of taxes ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 32 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (in thousands) 

Accumulated Capital in Other Common Stock Excess of Retained Comprehensive Shares Amount Par Value Earnings Income (Loss) Total Balance, December 31, 2019 ) Stock issued for stock incentive plans, net Stock purchased and retired ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Pension adjustment, net of taxes Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Stock issued for stock incentive plans, net Stock purchased and retired ) ) ) ) Net income Pension adjustment, net of taxes ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Stock issued for stock incentive plans, net Stock purchased and retired ) ) ) ) Net income Pension adjustment, net of taxes Foreign currency translation Dividends ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 33 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS RPC, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (in thousands) 

Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and other non-cash charges Stock-based compensation expense Gain on disposition of assets, net ) ) ) Gain due to benefit plan financing arrangement ) Deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) Pension settlement, impairment and other non-cash charges (Increase) decrease in assets: Accounts receivable ) ) Income taxes receivable ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Other current assets Other non-current assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in liabilities: Accounts payable ) Income taxes payable ) ) ) Accrued payroll and related expenses ) ) Accrued insurance expenses ) ) Accrued state, local and other taxes ) Other accrued expenses ) ) ) Pension and retirement plans liabilities ) ) ) Long-term accrued insurance expenses ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Proceeds from benefit plan financing arrangement Re-investment in benefit plan financing arrangement ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payment of dividends ) Cash paid for common stock purchased and retired ) ) ) Cash paid for finance lease ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flows disclosure: Income taxes payment (refund), net ) ) Interest paid Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities: Capital expenditures included in accounts payable The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
 34 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 shares of common stock, par value. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors out of legally available funds. Each share of common stock is entitled to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of common stock are entitled to ratable distribution of the remaining assets available for distribution to stockholders. shares of preferred stock, par value. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of preferred stock issued. The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, to provide for the issuance of preferred stock as a class without series or, if so determined from time to time, in one or more series, and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable laws of the state of Delaware and to fix the designations, powers, preferences and rights, exchangeability for shares of any other class or classes of stock. Any preferred stock to be issued could rank prior to the common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation. per share cash dividend payable to stockholders of record at the close of business on . of our customers, a private exploration and production company, accounted for approximately percent of the Company s revenues in 2022 with other customers exceeding percent of revenues in 2022. There was customer that accounted for percent or more of the Company s revenues in 2021 or 2020. Additionally, there was customer that accounted for percent or more of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 35 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 gains or losses on its available-for-sale securities during 2022, 2021 and 2020. Securities that are held in the non-qualified Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP are classified as trading. See Note 13 for further information regarding the SERP. The change in fair value of trading securities is presented as compensation cost in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Management determines the appropriate classification of investments at the time of purchase and re-evaluates such designations as of each balance sheet date. to ; buildings and leasehold improvements, to or the life of the lease; furniture and fixtures, to ; software, ; and vehicles, to . The cost of assets retired or otherwise disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization are eliminated from the accounts in the year of disposal with the resulting gain or loss credited or charged to income from operations. Expenditures for additions, major renewals, and betterments are capitalized. Expenditures for restoring an identifiable asset to working condition or for maintaining the asset in good working order constitute repairs and maintenance and are expensed as incurred. 
 36 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Support Services Goodwill Goodwill is reviewed annually, or more frequently, if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying amount, for impairment. In 2022, due to improved industry conditions, its reporting units performance and public market indications of value, the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment of its goodwill and concluded that it is more likely than not that fair value of each of its reporting unit is more than its carrying amount, including goodwill. In 2021, the Company performed a quantitative impairment test by estimating the fair value of each of its reporting units by considering both comparable public company multiples (a market approach) and projected discounted future cash flows (an income approach). The discounted cash flow analysis is based on management s short-term and long-term forecast of operating results for each reporting unit and includes assumptions regarding discount rates, revenue growth rates, expected profitability margins, forecasted capital expenditures, and the timing of expected future cash flows. Based on these assessments the Company concluded that the fair value of its reporting units exceeded their carrying amount and therefore impairment of goodwill occurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. million in 2022, million in 2021, and thousand in 2020. 
 37 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ) Less: Adjustments for earnings attributable to participating securities ) ) Net income (loss) used in calculating earnings per share ) Weighted average shares outstanding (including participating securities) Adjustment for participating securities ) ) ) Shares used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share 
 38 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 39 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 to after invoicing. As the Company enters into contracts with its customers, it generally expects there to be no significant timing difference between the date the services are provided to the customer (satisfaction of the performance obligation) and the date cash consideration is received. Accordingly, there is no financing component to our arrangements with customers. Significant judgments RPC believes the output method is a reasonable measure of progress for the satisfaction of our performance obligations, which are satisfied over time, as it provides a faithful depiction of (1) our performance toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation under the contract and (2) the value transferred to the customer of the services performed under the contract. RPC has elected the right to invoice practical expedient for recognizing revenue related to its performance obligations. Disaggregation of revenues See Note 15 for disaggregation of revenue by operating segment and services offered in each of them and by geographic regions. Timing of revenue recognition for each of the periods presented is shown below: Oilfield services transferred over time Total revenues 
 40 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Contract balances Contract assets representing the Company s rights to consideration for work completed but not billed are included in Accounts receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheets are shown below: Substantially all of the unbilled trade receivables as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were invoiced during the following quarter. Abandonment of assets (2) Pension settlement loss (3) Severance costs Assets held for sale write down (4) Other Total (1). Relates solely to the Technical Services segment and primarily includes pressure pumping and coiled tubing assets. (2). Represents the final disposition of assets that were ceased to be used during 2019 and recorded at salvage value. Also includes interest costs related to leased assets that were impaired in 2019. (3). Represents the non-cash settlement loss. See Note 13 for further details. (4). Represents the final settlement on certain real estate properties that were recorded as held for sale. During 2021, the Company initiated actions to terminate its Retirement Income Plan (Plan), a defined benefit pension plan. Pension settlement loss of million recognized in 2022 represents the accelerated recognition of actuarial losses related to the lump-sum window offered as part of the Plan termination. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company expects to recognize a pre-tax, non-cash settlement charge representing the unamortized net loss in the Plan which was approximately million as of December 31, 2022. The final amount is subject to change based on the actual return on Plan assets and the periodic actuarial updates of the net losses in the Plan. See note 13 for additional information regarding the Plan. During the first half of 2020, the Company experienced drastic declines in oilfield drilling and completion activities, with low levels of revenues not experienced by RPC or the industry for many years. This unprecedented disruption was caused by the substantial decline in global demand for oil caused by the COVID-19 pandemic as well as macroeconomic events such as the geopolitical tensions between the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and Russia, regarding limits on oil production. These factors resulted in a significant drop in oil prices and a substantial deterioration of the Company s public market capitalization. In response, the Company reduced headcount, furloughed employees and implemented compensation reductions for remaining active employees with the goal of adjusting its cost structure caused by low revenue levels. The Company determined these events constituted a triggering event that required a review of the recoverability of its long-lived assets and performed an interim goodwill impairment assessment as of March 31, 2020. The Company used both income based and market based approaches to determine the fair value of its long-lived asset groups and its reporting units for goodwill impairment assessment. Under the income approach, the fair value for each of its asset groups and reporting units was determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. The Company used internal forecasts, updated for recent events, to estimate future cash flows and terminal value calculation, 
 41 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Unbilled Other receivables Total Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, net Trade receivables relate to revenues generated from equipment and services, for which credit is extended based on our evaluation of the customer s credit worthiness. Unbilled receivables represent revenues earned but not billed to the customer until future dates, usually within one month. Other receivables consists primarily of net amounts receivable from an agent, that operates internationally, as well as amounts due from the favorable resolution of state tax audits and rebates due from suppliers. Provision for current expected credit losses Write-offs ) ) Recoveries collected (net of expenses) Ending balance 
 42 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Finished goods Total Inventory Buildings and leasehold improvements Operating equipment Computer software Furniture and fixtures Vehicles Gross property, plant and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Net property, plant and equipment Depreciation expense was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The Company had accounts payable for purchases of property and equipment of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The Company transferred inventory to property, plant and equipment totaling million in 2022 and million in 2021. ) State ) Foreign Deferred provision (benefit): Federal ) State ) Total income tax provision (benefit) ) The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), enacted in 2020, which among other changes, eliminated the taxable income limit for certain net operating losses NOL ). This allowed businesses to carryback NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to the five prior years, and provided a payment delay of employer payroll taxes during 2020 after the date of enactment. These provisions enabled a carryback of federal tax losses related to 2019 and 2020. The Company recorded net tax benefits totaling million in 2020 related to these provisions. 
 43 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit Foreign taxes, net of federal benefit ) Tax credits ) ) Change in contingencies Non-deductible expenses ) ) Adjustments related to CARES Act Change in estimated deferred rate Adjustments related to vesting of restricted stock ) Other Effective tax rate Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: Pension State net operating loss carryforwards Allowance for credit losses Stock-based compensation Inventory reserve Lease liability Valuation allowance ) ) All others, net Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Goodwill amortization ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 44 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 The Company s current intention is to permanently reinvest funds held in our foreign subsidiaries outside of the U.S., with the possible exception of repatriation of funds that have been previously subject to U.S. federal and state taxation or when it would be tax effective through the utilization of foreign tax credits, or would otherwise create no additional U.S. tax cost. Total net income tax payments (refunds) were million in 2022, ) million in 2021, and ) million in 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards recorded related to state income taxes of million (gross) that will expire between 2023 and 2042. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties related to income tax matters as income tax expense. Accrued interest and penalties were immaterial as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During 2022, the Company recognized an increase in its liability for unrecognized tax benefits related primarily to current year positions and disclosed as part of other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. This liability, if released, would affect our effective rate. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: Additions (reductions) based on tax positions related to the current year Additions (reductions) for tax positions of prior years ) Balance at December 31 It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefits with respect to the Company s unrecognized tax positions will increase or decrease in the next 12 months. These changes may be the result of, among other things, expiration of statute of limitation, or conclusions of examinations or reviews. However, quantification of an estimated range cannot be made at this time. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. In many cases, the uncertain tax positions are related to tax years that remain open and subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. In general, the Company s 2019 through 2021 tax years remain open to examination. Additional years may be open to the extent attributes are being carried forward to an open year. other lenders which provides for a line of credit of up to million, including a million letter of credit subfacility, and a million swingline subfacility. The facility contains customary terms and conditions, including restrictions on indebtedness, dividend payments, business combinations and other related items. The revolving credit facility includes a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company s 100 percent owned domestic subsidiaries whose assets equal substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. Certain of the Company s minor subsidiaries are not guarantors. The Credit Agreement s maturity date is June 22, 2027. The Company executed Amendment No. 6 to its Credit Agreement (the Amendment ). This Amendment (1) extends the termination date for revolving loans from July 26, 2023 to June 22, 2027, (2) replaces LIBOR with the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (Term SOFR) as an interest rate option in connection with revolving loan borrowings and reduces the applicable rate margins by approximately basis points at each pricing level, (3) introduces a per annum floor for Base Rate borrowings, and (4) permits the issuance of letters of credit in currencies other than U.S. dollars. The Credit Agreement has financial covenants- when RPC s trailing four quarter EBITDA (as calculated under the Credit Agreement) is equal to or greater than million: (i) the consolidated leverage ratio cannot exceed :1.00 and (ii) the debt service coverage ratio must be equal to or greater than :1.00; otherwise, the minimum tangible net worth must be greater than or equal to million. As of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with these covenants. Revolving loans under the amended revolving credit facility bear interest at one of the following two rates at the Company s election: Term SOFR; plus, a margin ranging from to , based on a quarterly consolidated leverage ratio calculation, and an additional SOFR Adjustment ranging from to basis points depending upon maturity length; or 
 45 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 , (b) Bank of America s publicly announced prime rate, and (c) the Term SOFR plus , or (d) ; in each case plus a margin that ranges from to based on a quarterly consolidated leverage ratio calculation. 
 In addition, the Company pays an annual fee ranging from to , based on a quarterly consolidated leverage ratio calculation, on the unused portion of the credit facility. The Company has incurred total loan origination fees and other debt related costs associated with this revolving credit facility. These costs are being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the loan, and the remaining net balance of million at December 31, 2022 is classified as non-current other assets. The remaining net balance of these costs was million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, RPC had outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, and letters of credit outstanding relating to self-insurance programs and contract bids totaled million; therefore, a total of million of the facility was available. Interest incurred, which includes facility fees on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility and the amortization of loan cost, and interest paid on the credit facility were as follows for the periods indicated: Interest paid ) ) Change during 2021: Before-tax amount ) ) ) Tax benefit Reclassification adjustment, net of taxes: Amortization of net loss (1) ) ) Total activity in 2021 ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Change during 2022: Before-tax amount ) ) Tax benefit Pension settlement loss Reclassification adjustment, net of taxes: Amortization of net loss (1) Total activity in 2022 Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) (1) Reported as selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 46 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Investments measured at net asset value 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 with: Quoted prices in Significant active markets other Significant for identical observable unobservable (in thousands) Total assets inputs inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets: Equity securities Investments measured at net asset value The Company determines the fair value of marketable securities classified as available-for-sale through quoted market prices. The total fair value is the final closing price, as defined by the exchange in which the asset is actively traded, on the last trading day of the period, multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. Marketable securities classified as trading are comprised of the SERP assets, as described in Note 13, and are recorded primarily at their net cash surrender values, calculated using their net asset values, which approximates fair value, as provided by the issuing insurance company. The expected holding period for these assets measured at net asset value is unknown. Significant observable inputs, in addition to quoted market prices, were used to value the trading securities. The Company s policy is to recognize transfers between levels at the beginning of quarterly reporting periods. For the year ended December 31, 2022 there were no significant transfers in or out of levels 1, 2 or 3. Under the Company s revolving credit facility, there was balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Borrowings, if any, under our revolving credit facility bear variable interest rates as described in Note 9 and are classified as a level 2, based on quotes from the lender. The Company is subject to interest rate risk on the variable component of the interest rate. The carrying amounts of other financial instruments reported in the balance sheet for current assets and current liabilities approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The Company currently does not use the fair value option to measure any of its existing financial instruments and has not determined whether or not it will elect this option for financial instruments it may acquire in the future. 
 47 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 million settlement loss representing the accelerated recognition of actuarial losses was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022 and is reflected as part of Pension settlement charges. During the first quarter of 2023, the Company expects to recognize a pre-tax, non-cash settlement charge representing the unamortized net loss in the Plan which was approximately million as of December 31, 2022. The final amount is subject to change based on the actual return on Plan assets and the periodic actuarial updates of the net losses in the Plan. For the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company has utilized an 
 48 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 percent based on the current short-term rates and investment horizon as a result of the expected Plan termination. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company completed an annuity purchase to transfer risk from the Plan to a commercial annuity provider for all of the remaining Plan participants through the liquidation of its investments in the Plan and a Company contribution of approximately million to million. The Company s projected benefit obligation exceeds the fair value of the Plan assets under its pension Plan by million as of December 31, 2022. The following table sets forth the funded status of the Retirement Income Plan and the amounts recognized in RPC s consolidated balance sheets: Change in projected benefit obligation: Benefit obligation at beginning of year Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) Benefits paid ) ) Settlement ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in Plan assets: Fair value of Plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on Plan assets ) ) Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) Settlement ) Fair value of Plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) ) December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Amounts (pre-tax) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) consist of: Net loss Prior service cost (credit) Net transition obligation (asset) The accumulated benefit obligation for the Retirement Income Plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021 has been disclosed above. The Company uses a December 31 measurement date for this qualified Plan. As part of the Plan termination, the Company expects to recognize a non-cash settlement charge of the remaining balance in the accumulated other comprehensive loss at the time. Funded status of the Plan as of December 31, 2022 was a deficit of million and is disclosed as part of current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Long-term pension and retirement plan liabilities recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of: SERP liability ) ) Long-term pension liabilities ) ) 
 49 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 RPC s funding policy is to contribute to the defined benefit pension plan the amount required, if any, under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. The Company made cash contributions in 2022 or 2021. The components of net periodic benefit cost of the Retirement Income Plan are summarized as follows: Expected return on Plan assets ) ) Amortization of net losses Settlement loss Net periodic benefit cost The Company recognized pre-tax (increases) decreases to the funded status in accumulated other comprehensive loss of thousand) in 2022, million in 2021, and million) in 2020. There were no previously unrecognized prior service costs as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Non-cash settlement charges shown above represent the accelerated recognition of actuarial losses previously reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to the lump-sum window offered in each of the years. In 2020, the Company offered a limited lump-sum payment window for vested terminated participants who had terminated employment before July 1, 2020 and for active employees who reached age 59 by December 1, 2020, with a vested balance. The participants at their election, could receive their vested balance either immediately as a lump-sum or as a monthly annuity payment. Non-cash settlement charges of million recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020 and shown above represents the accelerated recognition of actuarial losses previously reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The pre-tax amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows: ) Amortization of net loss ) ) ) Net transition obligation (asset) Settlement loss ) ) Amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) The weighted average assumptions as of December 31 used to determine the projected benefit obligation and net benefit cost were as follows: Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A Net Benefit Cost: Discount rate Expected return on Plan assets Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A (1) Projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 reflects proposed termination of the Plan and is calculated based on various assumptions in accordance with the Plan agreement. 
 50 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 - Fixed income securities - Total The Company s Plan investments consist primarily of fixed-income securities that include corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, sovereign bonds, and U.S. Treasuries. For each of the asset categories in the Plan, the investment strategy is intended to minimize the level of risk as compared to the Plan s liability and to minimize the cost of providing pension benefits. The investment policy establishes a target allocation for each asset class which is rebalanced as required. While not limited in approach, the Plan utilizes fixed income funds in which the underlying securities are marketable, to achieve this target allocation. The following tables present our Plan assets using the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. See Note 11 for a brief description of the three levels under the fair value hierarchy. Fixed Income Securities (2) Total Assets in the Fair Value Hierarchy Investments measured at Net Asset Value Investments at Fair Value Fair Value Hierarchy as of December 31, 2021: 

Investments (in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Cash and Cash Equivalents (1) Fixed Income Securities (2) Total Assets in the Fair Value Hierarchy Investments measured at Net Asset Value Investments at Fair Value (1) Cash and cash equivalents, which are used to pay benefits and Plan administrative expenses, are held in Rule 2a-7 money market funds. (2) Fixed income securities are primarily valued using a market approach with inputs that include broker quotes, benchmark yields, base spreads and reported trades. Subsequent to December 31, 2022 these securities were liquidated to fund the annuity purchases. The Company estimates that the future benefits payable for the Retirement Income Plan over the next ten years are as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2032 
 51 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) The Company permits selected highly compensated employees to defer a portion of their compensation into the SERP. The SERP assets are invested primarily in company-owned life insurance COLI policies as a funding source to satisfy the obligations of the SERP. The assets are subject to claims by creditors, and the Company can designate them to another purpose at any time. Investments in COLI policies consisted of variable life insurance policies totaling million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. In the COLI policies, the Company is able to allocate the investment of the assets across a set of choices provided by the insurance underwriters, including fixed income securities and equity funds. The COLI policies are recorded at their net cash surrender values, which approximates fair value, as provided by the issuing insurance company, whose Standard Poor s credit rating was A+. The Company classifies the SERP assets as trading securities as described in Note 1. The fair value of these assets totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The SERP assets are reported in other assets on the balance sheet. The changes in the fair value of these assets, and normal insurance expenses are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as compensation cost within selling, general and administrative expenses. Trading (losses) gains related to the SERP assets totaled million) in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The SERP liability includes participant deferrals net of distributions and is recorded on the balance sheet in long-term pension liabilities with any change in the fair value of the liabilities recorded as compensation cost within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As a result of Company-owned life insurance policy claims, the Company recorded tax-free gains of thousand during 2020; these gains were recorded as an adjustment to compensation cost within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Proceeds received totaling million were reinvested in mutual funds held as SERP assets. 401(k) Plan RPC sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) Plan that is available to substantially all full-time employees with more than three months of service. This Plan allows employees to make tax-deferred contributions from to percent of their annual compensation, not exceeding the permissible contribution imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. Effective January 1, 2019, the Company began making percent matching contributions for each dollar ) of a participant s contribution to the 401(k) Plan for the first percent of his or her annual compensation and cents (0.50) for each dollar ) of a participant s contribution to the 401(k) Plan for the next three percent of his or her annual compensation. Employees vest in the RPC contributions after of service. The charges to expense for the Company s contributions to the 401(k) Plan were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. Stock Incentive Plans The Company has issued stock options and restricted stock to employees under three 10-year stock incentive plans that were approved by stockholders in 1994, 2004 and 2014. The 1994 plan expired in 2004 and the 2004 plan expired in 2014. In April 2014, the Company reserved shares of common stock under the 2014 Stock Incentive plan with a term of expiring in April 2024. This plan allows for a wide variety of stock-based awards such as stock options and restricted stock. In recent years, we have awarded time-based restricted stock in lieu of granting stock options. We have not issued any stock options since 2003 and have no immediate plans to issue additional stock options. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for grant. As of December 31, 2021, shares were available for grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense for the unvested portion of awards outstanding over the remainder of the service period. The compensation cost recorded for these awards is based on their fair value at the grant date less the cost of estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods to reflect actual forfeitures. Pre-tax stock-based employee compensation expense included as part of selling, general and administrative expense was million in 2022 million after tax), million in 2021 million after tax) and million in 2020 million after tax). 
 52 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 ; the shares granted in 2022 vest ratably over a period of . Prior to 2022, the time lapse restricted shares vested one-fifth per year beginning on the second anniversary of the grant date. Grantees receive dividends declared and retain voting rights for the granted shares. The agreement under which the restricted stock is issued provides that shares awarded may not be sold or otherwise transferred until restrictions established under the stock plans have lapsed. Upon termination of employment from RPC, with the exception of death (fully vests) or disability (partially vests based on pre-approved formula), shares with restrictions are forfeited in accordance with the plan. Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested shares at December 31, 2022 The following is a summary of the changes in non-vested restricted shares for the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Weighted Average Shares Grant-Date Fair Value Non-vested shares at January 1, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested shares at December 31, 2021 The fair value of restricted share awards is based on the market price of the Company s stock on the date of the grant and is amortized to compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The weighted average grant date fair value per share of these restricted stock awards was for 2022, for 2021 and for 2020. The total fair value of shares vested was million during 2022, million during 2021 and million during 2020. The consolidated statements of cash flows reflect discrete income tax adjustments that resulted in of detrimental impact in 2022 and of detrimental impact in 2021 realized from tax compensation deductions and classified within operating activities as part of net income. Other Information As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted shares was million which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. percent of the issued and outstanding stock of Chaparral to Marine Products Corporation (a Delaware corporation) Marine Products ), a newly formed wholly owned subsidiary of RPC, and then distributing the common stock of Marine Products to RPC stockholders. In conjunction with the spin-off, RPC and Marine Products entered into various agreements that define the companies relationship. 
 53 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 thousand in 2022, thousand in 2021, and thousand in 2020. The Company s receivable due from Marine Products for these services was thousand as of December 31, 2022 and thousand as of December 31, 2021. The majority of the Company s directors are also directors of Marine Products and the executive officers are employees of both the Company and Marine Products. Other The Company periodically purchases in the ordinary course of business equipment or services from suppliers, who are owned by significant officers or stockholders, or affiliated with the directors of RPC. The total amounts paid to these affiliated parties were million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. RPC receives certain administrative services from Rollins, Inc. (a company of which Mr. Gary W. Rollins is also Chairman, and which is controlled by Mr. Rollins and his affiliates). The service agreements between Rollins, Inc. and the Company provide for the provision of services on a cost reimbursement basis and are terminable on notice. The services covered by these agreements include selected administration services for certain employee benefit programs and other administrative services. Charges to the Company (or to corporations which are subsidiaries of the Company) for such services and rent totaled thousand in 2022, thousand in 2021 and thousand in 2020. A group that includes Gary W. Rollins, Pamela R. Rollins, Amy Rollins Kreisler and Timothy C. Rollins, each of whom is a director of the Company, and certain companies under their control, controls in excess of percent of the Company s voting power. RPC and Marine Products own percent each of a limited liability company called 255 RC, LLC that was created for the joint purchase and ownership of a corporate aircraft. The purchase of the aircraft was completed in January 2015, and the purchase was funded primarily by a contribution by each company to 255 RC, LLC. Each of RPC and Marine Products is currently a party to an operating lease agreement with 255 RC, LLC for a period of . RPC recorded certain net operating costs comprised of rent and an allocable share of fixed costs of thousand in 2022, thousand in 2021 and thousand in 2020 for the corporate aircraft. The Company has a payable to 255 RC, LLC of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The Company accounts for this investment using the equity method and its proportionate share of income or loss is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2022, the investment closely approximates the underlying equity in the net assets of 255 RC, LLC and the undistributed earnings represented in retained earnings was approximately thousand. 
 54 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Downhole Tools Coiled Tubing Nitrogen Snubbing All other Total Technical Services Support Services: Rental Tools All other Total Support Services Total revenues The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1. RPC evaluates the performance of its segments based on revenues, operating profits and return on invested capital. Gains or losses on disposition of assets are reviewed by the CODM on a consolidated basis, and accordingly the Company does not report gains or losses at the segment level. Inter-segment revenues are generally recorded in segment operating results at prices that management believes approximate prices for arm s length transactions and are not material to operating results. Summarized financial information concerning RPC s reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are shown in the following table: Operating profit (loss) ) ) (1) Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Identifiable assets 2021 Revenues Operating profit (loss) ) ) Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Identifiable assets 2020 Revenues Operating (loss) profit ) ) ) ) (2) ) Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Identifiable assets 
 55 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 related to pension settlement loss. (2) Represents related to technical services, related to pension settlement loss and the remainder related to corporate expenses. The following summarizes revenues for the United States and separately for all international locations combined for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The revenues are presented based on the location of the use of the equipment or services. Assets related to international operations are less than 10 percent of RPC s consolidated assets, and therefore are not presented. International revenues Total revenues Operating lease right-of-use assets Liabilities: Current portion of finance lease Current portion of operating leases Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Lease costs: The components of finance lease are included in depreciation and amortization and interest expense; operating lease expense are included in costs of goods sold, and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations as disclosed below. 
 56 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RPC, Inc. and Subsidiaries Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total operating lease cost Total lease cost ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities (in thousands) ROU assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities (in thousands) Weighted average remaining lease term finance lease (months) Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases (years) Weighted average discount rate finance lease Weighted average discount rate operating leases Lease Commitments: Maturity of lease liabilities - Operating Leases: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Amounts representing interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 57 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered by this report, December 31, 2022 (the Evaluation Date ), the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of the Evaluation Date. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Management s report on internal control over financial reporting is included on page 27 of this report. Grant Thornton LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of internal control as of December 31, 2022 and issued a report thereon which is included on page 28 of this report. Changes in internal control over financial reporting Management s evaluation of changes in internal control did not identify any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not Applicable 
 58 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information concerning directors and director nominees will be included in the RPC Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, in the section titled Information Regarding Director Nominees and Continuing Directors. This information is incorporated herein by reference. Information about executive officers is contained on Page 16 of this document. Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert Information concerning the Audit Committee of the Company and the Audit Committee Financial Expert(s) will be included in the RPC Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, in the section titled Board of Directors and Corporate Governance, Meetings and Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee. This information is incorporated herein by reference. Code of Ethics RPC, Inc. has a Code of Business Conduct that applies to all employees. In addition, the Company has a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors and Executive Officers and Related Party Transaction Policy. Both of these documents are available on the Company s website at rpc.net. Copies are available at no charge by writing to Attention: Human Resources, RPC, Inc., 2801 Buford Highway, Suite 300, N.E., Atlanta, GA 30329. RPC, Inc. intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of its code that relates to any elements of the code of ethics definition enumerated in SEC rules by posting such information on its internet website, the address of which is provided above. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act will be included under Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 11. Executive Compensation Information concerning director and executive compensation will be included in the RPC Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, in the sections titled Human Capital Management and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Human Capital Management and Compensation Committee Report and Executive Compensation. This information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, and such all officers and directors as a group, will be included in the RPC Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, in the section titled Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. This information is incorporated herein by reference. Arrangements known to the Company, if any, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company will be 
 59 

included in the RPC Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in the section titled Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth certain information regarding equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

(A) (C) Number of Securities (B) Number of Securities Remaining To Be Issued Upon Weighted Average Available for Future Issuance Under Exercise of Outstanding Exercise Price of Equity Compensation Plans Options, Warrants and Outstanding Options, (Excluding Securities Reflected in Plan category Rights Warrants and Rights Column (A) Equity compensation plans approved by securityholders 2,046,199 (1) Equity compensation plans not approved by securityholders Total 2,046,199 (1) All of the securities can be issued in the form of restricted stock or other stock awards. 
 See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the material terms of the equity compensation plans. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence Information concerning certain relationships and related party transactions will be included in the RPC Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, in the sections titled, Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. Information regarding director independence will be included in the RPC Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders in the section titled Director Independence and NYSE Requirements. This information is incorporated herein by reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information regarding principal accountant fees and services will be included in the section titled Audit Matters, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the RPC Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. This information is incorporated herein by reference. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Consolidated Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedule and Exhibits 1. Consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to consolidated financial statements and Schedule are filed as part of this report. 2. The financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying Index to consolidated financial statements and Schedule is filed as part of this report. 3. Exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed as part of this report. The following such exhibits are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements: 
 10.1 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 24, 2004) . 10.6 Form of Time Lapse Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2004). 10.7 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2004). 
 60 

10.8 Supplemental Retirement Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2005). 10.9 First Amendment to 1994 Employee Stock Incentive Plan and 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2007). 10.10 Performance-Based Incentive Cash Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed April 28, 2006). 10.11 Summary of Compensation Arrangements with Executive Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2010). 10.14 Form of Time Lapse Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2012). 10.15 Summary of Compensation Arrangements with Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the form 10-K filed on February 28, 2019) 10.17 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 17, 2014). 10.20 Form of award agreement under Performance-Based Incentive Cash Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2017). Exhibits (inclusive of item 3 above): Exhibit Number Description 3.1A Restated certificate of incorporation of RPC, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999). 3.1B Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of RPC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(B) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 8, 2006). 3.1C Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of RPC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(C) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 2, 2011). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of RPC, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2022). 4 Form of Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998). 4.2 Description of Registrant s Securities. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2021). 10.1 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 24, 2004). 10.2 Agreement Regarding Distribution and Plan of Reorganization, dated February 12, 2001, by and between RPC, Inc. and Marine Products Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Marine Products Corporation Form 10 filed on February 13, 2001). 10.3 Employee Benefits Agreement dated February 12, 2001, by and between RPC, Inc., Chaparral Boats, Inc. and Marine Products Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Marine Products Corporation Form 10 filed on February 13, 2001). 10.4 Transition Support Services Agreement dated February 12, 2001 by and between RPC, Inc. and Marine Products Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Marine Products Corporation Form 10 filed on February 13, 2001). 10.5 Tax Sharing Agreement dated February 12, 2001, by and between RPC, Inc. and Marine Products Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Marine Products Corporation Form 10 filed on February 13, 2001). 10.6 Form of Time Lapse Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2004). 10.7 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Grant Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2004). 10.8 Supplemental Retirement Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2005). 
 61 

Exhibit Number Description 10.9 First Amendment to 1994 Employee Stock Incentive Plan and 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2007). 10.10 Performance-Based Incentive Cash Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed April 28, 2006). 10.11 Summary of Compensation Arrangements with Executive Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2010). 10.12 Credit Agreement dated August 31, 2010 between the Company, Banc of America, N.A., SunTrust Bank, Regions Bank and certain other lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2010). 10.13 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 16, 2011 between the Company, the Subsidiary Loan Parties party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. and certain other lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Form 10-K filed on February 29, 2012). 10.14 Form of Time Lapse Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on May 2, 2012). 10.15 Summary of Compensation Arrangements with Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the form 10-K filed on February 28, 2019) 10.16 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement dated as of January 17, 2014 between RPC, Bank of America, N.A., certain other Lenders party thereto, and the Subsidiary Loan Parties party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K dated January 17, 2014 ). 10.17 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 17, 2014). 10.18 Reduction of Commitment Notice, dated November 3, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2015). 10.19 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 30, 2016 among RPC, Bank of America, N.A., certain other lenders party thereto, and the Subsidiary Loan Parties party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2016). 10.20 Form of award agreement under Performance-Based Incentive Cash Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2017). 10.21 Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement dated as of July 26, 2018 among RPC, Bank of America, N.A., certain other lenders party thereto, and the Subsidiary Loan Parties party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 31, 2018). 10.22 10.23 Amendment to No. 5 to Credit Agreement dated as of July 26, 2020 among RPC, Bank of America, N.A., certain other lenders party thereto, and the Subsidiary Loan Parties party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Registrants Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2020). Amendment to No. 6 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 22, 2022 among RPC, Bank of America, N.A., certain other lenders party thereto, and the Subsidiary Loan Parties party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2022). 21 Subsidiaries of RPC 23 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 24 Powers of Attorney for Directors 31.1 Section 302 certification for Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Section 302 certification for Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Section 906 certifications for Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 95.1 Mine Safety Disclosure 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 62 

Exhibit Number Description 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not Applicable SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RPC, Inc. /s/ Ben M. Palmer Ben M. Palmer President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 27, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Title Date /s/ Ben M. Palmer Ben M. Palmer President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 27, 2023 /s/ Michael L. Schmit Michael L. Schmit Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 27, 2023 The Directors of RPC (listed below) executed a power of attorney, appointing Ben M. Palmer their attorney-in-fact, empowering him to sign this report on their behalf. 

Richard A. Hubbell, Director Gary W. Rollins, Director Jerry W. Nix, Director Patrick J. Gunning, Director Susan R. Bell, Director John F. Wilson, Director Pamela R. Rollins, Director Amy R. Kreisler, Director Timothy C. Rollins, Director 

/s/ Ben M. Palmer Ben M. Palmer Director and as Attorney-in-fact February 27, 2023 
 63 

64 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, REPORTS AND SCHEDULE The following documents are filed as part of this report. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND REPORTS PAGE Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 27 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 28 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 248) on Consolidated Financial Statements 29 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 30 Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022 31 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022 32 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022 33 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022 34 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 35 SCHEDULE Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 66 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 65 

) (1) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance (2) Reserve for obsolete or slow moving inventory ) (3) Year ended December 31, 2021 Credit loss allowance for accounts receivable ) (1) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance (2) Reserve for obsolete or slow moving inventory ) (3) Year ended December 31, 2020 Credit loss allowance for accounts receivable ) (1) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance (2) Reserve for obsolete or slow moving inventory ) (3) (1) Net (deductions) recoveries in the credit loss allowance principally reflect the write-off of previously reserved accounts net of recoveries. (2) The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is increased or decreased each year to reflect the state and foreign net operating losses and capital losses that management believes will not be utilized before they expire. (3) Net (deductions) recoveries in the reserve for obsolete or slow moving inventory principally reflect the write-off and/ or disposal of previously reserved inventory. 
 
 66 

<EX-21>
 2
 res-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

EXHIBIT 21 SUBSIDIARIES OF RPC, INC. 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION Bronco Oilfield Services, LLC Delaware Cudd Pressure Control, Inc. Delaware Cudd Pumping Services, Inc. Delaware Cudd Energy Services Australia Pty Ltd Australia Cudd Energy Services Gabon SARL Gabon International Training Services, Inc. Georgia Patterson Services, Inc. Delaware Patterson Truck Line, Inc. Louisiana RPC Beijing China RPC Energy International, Inc. Delaware RPC Investment Company Delaware RPC Energy Services of Canada, Ltd New Brunswick, Canada RPC Energy de Mexico Ciudad del Carmen, Mexico RPC Waste Management Services, Inc. Georgia Sand Investment Company Delaware Thru Tubing Solutions Delaware Thru Tubing Solutions Australia Pty Ltd Australia Well Control School Australia Pty Ltd Australia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 res-20221231xex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We have issued our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of RPC, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of RPC, Inc. on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-40223; File No. 333-117836; and File No. 333-195424). 

 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Atlanta, Georgia February 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 4
 res-20221231xex24.htm
 EX-24

Exhibit 24 POWER OF ATTORNEY Know All Men By These Presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints, Ben M. Palmer and Michael L. Schmit as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubsitution, for him or her or in his or her name, place and stead in any and all capacities to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 2022 of RPC, Inc. , and any amendments thereto, and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform any other act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This Power of Attorney may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has caused this Power of Attorney to be executed as of this day of 21 st day of February 2023. /s/ Richard A. Hubbell /s/ Gary W. Rollins Richard A. Hubbell, Director Gary W. Rollins, Director /s/ Jerry w. Nix /s/ Patrick J. Gunning Jerry W. Nix, Director Patrick J. Gunning, Director /s/ Susan R. Bell /s/ John F. Wilson Susan R. Bell, Director John F. Wilson, Director /s/ Pamela R. Rollins /s/ Amy R. Kreisler Pamela R. Rollins, Director Amy R. Kreisler, Director /s/ Timothy C. Rollins Timothy C. Rollins, Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 5
 res-20221231xex31.htm
 EX-31

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Ben M. Palmer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of RPC, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Ben M. Palmer Date: February 27, 2023 Ben M. Palmer President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 6
 res-20221231xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 31.2 I, Michael L. Schmit, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of RPC, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Michael L. Schmit Date: February 27, 2023 Michael L. Schmit Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-33>
 7
 res-20221231xex33.htm
 EX-33

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORTS PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 To the best of their knowledge the undersigned hereby certify that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of RPC, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. Sec. 78m) and that the information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of RPC, Inc. 

Date: February 27, 2023 /s/ Ben M. Palmer Ben M. Palmer President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 27, 2023 /s/ Michael L. Schmit Michael L. Schmit Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-33>

<EX-34>
 8
 res-20221231xex34.htm
 EX-34

Exhibit 95.1 MINE SAFETY ACT DISCLOSURE Certain of our operations are classified as mines and are subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). MSHA inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. During 2022, we received no citations from the MSHA for the following properties: MSHA Property 47-03629 and MSHA Property 47-03628. As of December 31, 2022, we are no longer the operator of the MSHA Properties listed above. 

</EX-34>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 res-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 res-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 res-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 res-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

