<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230126_10-K_edgar_data_14177_0001493152-23-002631.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6804203</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>207866</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1133500</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2243053</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1403396</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1628838</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-002631.hdr.sgml : 20230126
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230126170502
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-002631
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221028
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230126
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BRIDGFORD FOODS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000014177
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE, OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				951778176
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1028

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-02396
		FILM NUMBER:		23558542

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1308 N PATT ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3773
		CITY:			ANAHEIM
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7145265533

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1707 SOUTH GOOD-LATIMER EXPRESSWAY
		STREET 2:		DALLAS
		CITY:			TEXAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75226

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRIDGFORD PACKING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670307

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-002631.txt : 20230126

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of 
 incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued
its audit report 

The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on April 15, 2022, was . 

As
of January 26, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference. None. 

INDEX
TO FORM 10-K 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 3 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 10 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 10 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

PART II 
 11 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 11 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 18 
 
 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 18 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 18 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 19 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 20 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 

PART III 
 21 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 25 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 36 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 36 

PART IV 
 38 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 38 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 38 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 39 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business (dollars in thousands) 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Bridgford Foods Corporation
intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. Readers are cautioned that such statements,
which may be identified by words including anticipates, believes, intends, estimates, 
 expects, and similar expressions, are only predictions or estimations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties.
These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the following: general economic and business conditions;
the impact of competitive products and pricing; success of operating initiatives; development and operating costs; advertising and promotional
efforts; adverse publicity; acceptance of new product offerings; consumer trial and frequency; changes in business strategy or development
plans; availability, terms and deployment of capital; availability of qualified personnel; commodity, labor, and employee benefit costs;
supply chain constraints and resulting cost pressures; changes in, or failure to comply with, government regulations; weather conditions;
construction schedules; relationships with customers and suppliers; statements regarding the anticipated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic;
and other factors referenced in this Report. 

The
forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These
forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding our business, which involve judgments with respect to, among other things,
future economic and competitive conditions, and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately
and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. In light of the significant uncertainties
inherent in the forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as representation
by us or any other person that the objectives or plans of our company will be achieved. The forward-looking statements contained herein
speak as of the date of this Report and we undertake no obligation to update such statements after the date hereof. 

COVID-19 

We
are monitoring and responding to the evolving nature of state and local government actions related to the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact
on each of our production plant locations and our customer base. We coordinate with our local managers for the primary purpose of maintaining
the health and safety of our team members, ensuring our ability to operate our processing facilities, and maintaining the liquidity of
our business. We continue to experience multiple challenges related to the pandemic. These challenges may continue to increase our operating
costs and negatively impact our sales volumes. 

During
fiscal year 2022, the Frozen Food Products segment has continued to see a lessening of pandemic related restrictions on food service
venues. In our Frozen Food Products segment, the recent sales volume increases in foodservice have been sufficient to offset the losses
in retail and as a result, we experienced increased unit sales volume during fiscal year 2022 in this segment. Our Snack Food Products
segment has experienced continued commodity cost increases caused in part by supply and demand constraints related to reopening the economy
from pandemic restrictions. The cost of significant meat commodities increased approximately 7,949 and the cost of purchased flour increased
approximately 1,844 during fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. 

Team Members The health and safety of our team members is our top priority. To protect our team members, we have implemented
safety measures recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration in
our facilities and have implemented social distancing, temperature checks of team members, increased efforts to deep clean and sanitize
facilities, the use of protective face coverings in certain environments, and making protective face coverings and other protective equipment
available to team members. We encourage team members who feel sick to stay at home and provide relaxed attendance policies in some instances.
We continue to explore and implement additional ways to promote social distancing in our production facilities by creating additional
breakroom space and allowing extra time between shifts to reduce interaction of team members, as well as erecting dividers between workstations
or increasing the space between workers on the production floor. 

Customers and Production The most significant impact from business shutdowns relates to channel shifts and lower production in
our Frozen Food Products segment. We are committed to doing our best to ensure the continuity of our business and the availability of
our products to customers. Since the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, we have continued to see a shift in demand from our retail to
our foodservice sales channels as schools and in-dining restaurants reopened across the country. Our production capabilities, including
our large scale and geographic proximities, allow us to adapt some of our facilities to the changing demand by shifting certain amounts
of production from retail to foodservice. In addition, our production facilities have experienced varying levels of production impacts,
including worker absenteeism, and we may continue to experience these impacts. 

Supply Chain Our supply chain has stayed largely intact. Although we have experienced some minor disruptions, these events have
not significantly impacted our production to date. We have experienced volatility in commodity inputs, in part due to impacts caused
by COVID-19 related business disruptions, and we expect this volatility to continue, which may impact our future input costs. Commodity
costs increased approximately 9,794 during fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. 

3 

Insurance and CARES Act Although we maintain insurance policies for various risks, we believe most COVID-19 impacts will not
be covered by these policies. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act, among other things, includes provisions relating to refundable payroll
tax credits, deferral of the employer portion of social security payments, and expanded income tax net operating loss carryback provisions.
While we continue to examine the potential impacts of these actions, we anticipate new regulations related to federal income tax will
have a significant impact on our financial statements and cash flow. Late in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 we began implementing
the deferral of the employer portion of social security payments and intend to continue this deferral for the duration of its availability
which will have a favorable impact on short-term liquidity. The remaining deferral amount as of October 28, 2022, is approximately 758
due on December 31, 2022. 

Liquidity Operations used 7,830 in operating cash flows during the fifty-two-weeks ended October 28, 2022. We received 55,388
in net proceeds on June 1, 2022, from the closing of the sale of real property located at 170 N. Green Street in Chicago (the Green
Street Property pursuant to the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement dated March 16, 2020, as amended, between Bridgford
Food Processing Corporation and CRG Acquisition, LLC the CRG Purchase Agreement ). On December 1, 2021, we expanded the
maximum borrowing under our revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Wells Fargo to 25,000 from 15,000.
The credit limit returned to 15,000 on June 15, 2022 for the balance of the term to March 1, 2023. The line of credit was paid off on
June 7, 2022, using 18,000 in proceeds from the sale of the Green Street Property. As of October 28, 2022, we had approximately 66,076
of net working capital and 15,000 available under our revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. We entered into a bridge
loan with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. on August 30, 2021, for up to 25,000 of which we used 18,653 to pay off a portion of the existing
equipment loans as they came out of the lock out period and could be repaid. We repaid and terminated the bridge loan on June 2, 2022,
using 18,653 in proceeds from the sale of the Green Street Property. As of October 28, 2022, we have 1,089 of current debt remaining
on equipment loans. Refer to Note 5 Line of Credit and Borrowing Agreements of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements included within this Report for further information. Commodity price volatility or increases could adversely impact our business,
financial condition including liquidity, and results of operations. Despite higher commodity costs, we may not be able to increase our
product prices in a timely manner or sufficiently to offset increased commodity costs due to consumer price sensitivity, pricing in relation
to competitors and the reluctance of retailers to accept the price increase. We received 2,205 from a life insurance receivable during
the second quarter of fiscal year 2022. Higher product prices could potentially lower demand for our product and decrease volume. Management
believes there are various options available to generate additional liquidity to repay debt or fund operations such as mortgaging real
estate, should that be necessary. Our ability to increase liquidity will depend upon, among other things, our business plans, performance
of operating divisions, economic conditions of capital markets, or circumstances related to the COVID-19 global pandemic. If we are unable
to increase liquidity through mortgaging real estate, or generate positive cash flow necessary to fund operations, we may not be able
to compete successfully, which could negatively impact our business, operations, and financial condition. From the cash expected to be
generated from the Company s operations, we anticipate that we will maintain sufficient liquidity to operate our business for at
least the next twelve months. We will continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our liquidity and, if necessary, take action to preserve
liquidity and ensure that our business can operate during these uncertain times. 

Background
of Business 

Bridgford
Foods Corporation (collectively with its subsidiaries, Bridgford , the Company , we , our ),
a California corporation, was organized in 1952. We originally began operations in 1932 as a retail meat market in San Diego, California
and evolved into a meat wholesaler for hotels and restaurants, a distributor of frozen food products, a processor and packer of meat,
and a manufacturer and distributor of frozen food products for sale on a retail and wholesale basis. Currently, we are primarily engaged
in the manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of an extensive line of frozen and snack food products throughout the United States.
We have not been involved in any bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceedings since inception nor have we been party to any merger,
acquisition, etc. or acquired or disposed of any material amounts of assets during the past five years other than those discussed in
Item 7 of this Report. Substantially all of our assets have been acquired in the ordinary course of business. 

Description
of Business 

Bridgford
currently operates in two business segments - the processing and distribution of frozen food products and the processing and distribution
of snack food products. For information regarding the separate financial performance of the business segments refer to Note 7 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report. 

The
following table shows sales, as a percentage of consolidated sales, for each business segment during the last two fiscal years: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Frozen Food Products 
 21 
 17 
 
 Snack Food Products 
 79 
 83 

100 
 100 

We
manufacture nearly all of our food products and distribute an extensive line of biscuits, bread dough items, roll dough items, dry sausage
products and beef jerky. Our direct store delivery network consists of non-refrigerated snack food products. Our frozen food products
division serves both food service and retail customers. 

4 

Although
we have recently introduced several new products, most of these products have not contributed significantly to our revenue growth for
fiscal year 2022. Our sales are not subject to material seasonal variations. Historically we have been able to respond quickly to the
receipt of orders and, accordingly, do not maintain a significant sales backlog. Neither Bridgford nor its industry generally has unusual
demands or restrictions on working capital items. During the last fiscal year, we did not enter into any new markets or any significant
contractual or other material relationships. 

Availability
of SEC Filings and Code of Conduct on Internet Website 

We
maintain an Internet website at www.bridgford.com. Available on this website, free of charge, are our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments thereto, and reports filed under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our Code of Conduct is also available on the website. 

Product
Distribution Methods 

Our
products are delivered to customers using several distinct distribution channels. The distribution channel utilized is dependent upon
the needs of our customers, the most efficient proximity to the delivery point, trade customs, and operating segment as well as product
type, life, and stability. Among our customers are many of the country s largest broadline and specialty food service distributors.
These and other large-end purchasers occasionally go through extensive qualification procedures and our manufacturing capabilities are
subjected to thorough review by the end purchasers prior to our approval as a vendor. Large end purchasers typically select suppliers
that can consistently meet increased volume requirements on a national basis during peak promotional periods. We believe that our manufacturing
flexibility, national presence, and long-standing customer relationships should allow us to compete effectively with other manufacturers
seeking to provide similar products to our current large food service end purchasers, although no assurances can be given. 

The
factors that contribute to higher or lower margins generated from each method of distribution depend upon the accepted selling price,
level of involvement by our employees in setting up and maintaining displays, distance traveled, and fuel consumed by our company-owned
fleet as well as freight and shipping costs depending on the distance the product travels to the delivery point. Management is continually
evaluating the profitability of product delivery methods, analyzing alternate methods, and weighing economic inputs to determine the
most efficient and cost-effective method of delivery to fulfill the needs of our customers. 

Major
Product Classes 

Frozen
Food Products 

Our
frozen food products division serves both food service and retail customers. We sell approximately 130 unique frozen food products through
approximately 800 wholesalers, cooperatives, and distributors. 

Frozen
Food Products Food Service Customers 

The
food service industry is composed of establishments that serve food outside the home and includes restaurants, the food operations of
health care providers, schools, hotels, resorts, corporations, and other traditional and non-traditional food service outlets. Growth
in this industry has been driven by the increase in away-from-home meal preparation, which has accompanied the expanding number of both
dual income and single-parent households. Another trend within the food service industry is the growth in the number of non-traditional
food service outlets such as convenience stores, retail stores and supermarkets. These non-traditional locations often lack extensive
cooking, storage, or preparation facilities resulting in a need for pre-cooked and prepared foods similar to those we provide. The expansion
in the food service industry has also been accompanied by the continued consolidation and growth of broadline and specialty food service
distributors, many of which are long-standing customers. Orders from food service customers have continued to increase as schools and
in-dining restaurants have reopened across the United States in response to the COVID-19 pandemic restriction changes. 

Frozen
Food Products Retail Customers 

The
majority of our existing and targeted retail customers are involved in the resale of branded and private label packaged foods. The same
trends which have contributed to the increase in away-from-home meal preparation have also fueled the growth in easy to prepare, microwaveable
frozen and refrigerated convenience foods. Among the fastest growing segments is the frozen and refrigerated hand-held foods market.
This growth has been driven by improved product quality and variety and the increasing need for inexpensive and healthy food items that
require minimal preparation. Despite rapid growth, many categories of frozen and refrigerated hand-held foods have achieved minimal household
penetration. We believe we have been successful in establishing and maintaining supply relationships with certain selected leading retailers
in this market. 

5 

Frozen
Food Products Sales and Marketing 

Our
frozen food business covers the United States. Products produced by the Frozen Food Products segment are generally supplied to food service
and retail distributors who take title to the product upon shipment receipt through Company-leased long-haul vehicles. In addition to
regional sales managers, we maintain a network of independent food service and retail brokers covering most of the United States. Brokers
are compensated on a commission basis. We believe that our broker relationships, in close cooperation with our regional sales managers,
are a valuable asset providing significant new product and customer opportunities. Regional sales managers perform several significant
functions for us, including identifying and developing new business opportunities and providing customer service and support to our distributors
and end purchasers through the effective use of our broker network. 

Our
annual advertising expenditures are directed towards retail and institutional customers. These customers participate in various special
promotional and marketing programs and direct advertising allowances we sponsor. We also invest in general consumer advertising in various
periodicals, and coupons to advertise in major markets. We direct advertising toward food service customers with campaigns in major industry
publications and through our participation in trade shows throughout the United States. Our advertising strategy includes our presence
on social media and online distribution of promotional material. 

Snack
Food Products 

During
fiscal year 2022, our snack food products division sold approximately 160 different items through customer-owned distribution centers
and a direct-store-delivery network serving approximately 20,000 supermarkets, mass merchandise and convenience retail stores located
in 50 states. 

Products
produced or distributed by the Snack Food Products segment are supplied to customers through either direct delivery to customer warehouses
or direct-store-delivery to retail locations. We utilize customer managed warehouse distribution centers to lower distribution cost.
Product delivered to the customer s warehouse is then distributed to the store where it is resold to the end consumer. Our direct-store-delivery
system focus emphasizes high quality service and supply of our premium branded product to our customers. We also provide the service
of setting up and maintaining the display and restocking our products. 

Snack
Food Products Customers 

Our
customers are comprised of large retail chains and smaller independent operators. This part of our business is highly competitive.
Proper placement of our product lines is critical to selling success since most items could be considered impulse items
which are often consumed shortly after purchase. Our ability to sell successfully to this distribution channel depends on aggressive
marketing and maintaining relationships with key buyers. 

Snack
Food Products Sales and Marketing 

Snack
food products are distributed across the United States. Regional sales managers perform several significant functions including identifying
and developing new business opportunities and providing customer service and support to our customers. We also utilize the services of
brokers, where appropriate, to support efficient product distribution and customer satisfaction. We sponsor a fishing team which participates
at the highest levels of both the Fishing League Worldwide (also known as the FLW and Wild West Bass Trail. 

Product
Planning and Research and Development 

We
continually monitor the consumer acceptance of each product within our extensive product line. Individual products are regularly added
to and deleted from our product line. Historically, the addition or deletion of any individual product has not had a material effect
on our operations at fiscal yearend. We believe that a key factor in the success of our products is our system of carefully targeted
research and testing of our products to ensure high quality and that each product matches an identified market opportunity. The emphasis
in new product introductions in the past several years has been on single-serve items. We are constantly searching to develop new products
to complement our existing product lines and improve processing techniques and formulas. We utilize an in-house test kitchen and consultants
to research and experiment with unique food preparation methods, improve quality control and analyze new ingredient mixtures. 

Competition 

Our
products are sold under highly competitive conditions. All food products can be considered competitive with other food products, but
we consider our principal competitors to include national, regional, and local producers and distributors of refrigerated, frozen and
non-refrigerated snack food products. Several of our competitors include large companies with substantially greater financial and marketing
resources than ours. Existing competitors may broaden their product lines and potential competitors may enter or increase their focus
on our markets, resulting in greater competition for us. We believe that our products compete favorably with those of our competitors.
Such competitors products compete against ours for retail shelf space, institutional distribution, and customer preference. 

6 

Effect
of Government Regulations 

Our
operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the United States Department of Agriculture (the USDA ),
the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), and by other federal, state, and local authorities regarding the processing,
packaging, storage, transportation, distribution, and labeling of products that we manufacture, produce and process. Our processing facilities
and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal, state, and local authorities. The USDA has issued
strict regulations concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat meat and poultry products and contamination by food
borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella and implemented a system of regulation known as the Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points HACCP program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants to develop and implement sanitary operating
procedures and other program requirements. OSHA oversees safety compliance and establishes certain employer responsibilities to help
 assure safe and healthful working conditions and keep the workplace free of recognized hazards or practices likely to cause
death or serious injury. We believe that we are currently in compliance with governmental laws and regulations and that we maintain the
necessary permits and licenses relating to our operations. 

To
date, federal, state, and local environmental laws, and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the
environment, have not had a material effect on our business. 

Importance
of Key Customers 

Sales
to Wal-Mart comprised 29.8 of revenues in fiscal year 2022 and 26.1 of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart as
of October 28, 2022. Sales to Wal-Mart comprised 35.7 of revenues in fiscal year 2021 and 5.5 of total accounts receivable was
due from Wal-Mart as of October 29, 2021. The increase in accounts receivable from Wal-Mart as of October 28, 2022 versus October
29, 2021 is attributable to the Company no longer accelerating payments from Wal-Mart . Sales to Dollar General comprised 16.9 
of revenues in fiscal year 2022 and 19.9 of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General as of October 28, 2022. Sales
to Dollar General comprised 14.5 of revenues in fiscal year 2021 and 35.9 of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General 
as of October 29, 2021. 

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials 

We
purchase large quantities of pork, beef, and flour. These ingredients are generally available from a number of different suppliers although
the availability of these ingredients is subject to seasonal variation. We build ingredient inventories to take advantage of downward
trends in seasonal prices or anticipated supply limitations. 

We
purchase bulk flour under short-term fixed price contracts at current market prices. The contracts are usually effective for and settle
within three months or less. We monitor and manage our ingredient costs to help negate volatile daily swings in market prices when possible.
We do not participate in the commodity futures market or hedging to limit commodity exposure. 

Employees 

We
had 705 employees (695 full-time employees) as of October 28, 2022, approximately 45 of whose employment relationship is governed by
collective bargaining agreements. These agreements currently expire between September 2023 and March 2027. We believe that our relationship
with all of our employees is favorable and that contracts will be settled favorably. 

7 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

In
addition to the other matters set forth in this Report, the continuing operations and the price of our common stock are subject to the
following risks, each of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The risks
described below are only the risks that we currently believe are material to our business. However, additional risks not presently known,
or risks that are currently believed to be immaterial, may also impair our business operations. 

We
are subject to general risks in the food industry, including, among other things, risk relating to changes in consumer preferences and
product contamination as well as general economic conditions, any of which risks, if realized, could negatively impact our operating
results and financial position. 

The
food industry, and the markets within the food industry in which we compete, are subject to various risks, including the following: evolving
consumer preferences, nutritional and health-related concerns, federal, state, and local food inspection and processing controls, consumer
product liability claims, risks of product tampering, and the availability and expense of liability insurance. The meat and poultry industries
are subject to scrutiny due to the association of meat and poultry products with recent outbreaks of illness, and on rare occasions even
death, caused by food borne pathogens. Product recalls are sometimes required in the food industry to withdraw contaminated or mislabeled
products from the market. Additionally, the failure to identify and react appropriately to changes in consumer trends, demands and preferences
could lead to, among other things, reduced demand, and price reduction for our products. Further, we may be adversely affected by changes
in domestic or foreign economic conditions, including inflation or deflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer
spending rates, and energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges). These and other general risks related to the food industry,
if realized by us, could have a significant adverse effect on demand for our products, as well as the costs and availability of raw materials,
ingredients, and packaging materials, thereby negatively affecting our operating results and financial position. 

Fluctuations
in commodity prices and the availability of raw materials could negatively impact our financial results. 

We
purchase large quantities of commodity pork, beef, and flour. Historically, market prices for products we process have fluctuated in
response to a number of factors, including changes in the United States government farm support programs, changes in international agricultural
and trading policies, weather, and other conditions during the growing and harvesting seasons. Our operating results are heavily dependent
upon the prices paid for raw materials, as well as the available supply of commodities. Commodity costs have and may continue to fluctuate
due to political and economic conditions, including the ongoing conflicts between Ukraine and Russia. The marketing of our value-added
products does not lend itself to instantaneous changes in selling prices. In addition, if we increase prices to offset higher costs,
we could experience lower demand for our products and sales volumes. Conversely, decreases in our commodity and other input costs may
create pressure on us to decrease our prices. Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare with the volatility
of commodity markets. Production and pricing of commodities, on the other hand, are determined by constantly changing market forces of
supply and demand over which we have limited or no control. Such factors include, among other things, weather patterns throughout the
world, outbreaks of disease, the global level of supply inventories and demand for grains and other feed ingredients, as well as agricultural
and energy policies of domestic and foreign governments. While fluctuations in significant cost structure components, such as ingredient
commodities and fuel prices, have had a significant impact on profitability over the last three years, the impact of general price inflation
on our financial position and results of operations has not been significant. However, current inflationary market conditions may have
a negative impact on future earnings. Future volatility of general price inflation or deflation and raw material cost and availability
could adversely affect our financial results. 

We
are subject to extensive government regulations and a failure to comply with such regulations could negatively impact our financial results. 

Our
operations are subject to extensive inspection and regulation by the USDA, FDA and by other federal, state, and local authorities regarding
the processing, packaging, storage, transportation, distribution, and labeling of products that are manufactured, produced, and processed
by us. Our processing facilities and products are subject to continuous inspection by the USDA and/or other federal, state, and local
authorities. The USDA has issued strict regulations concerning the control of listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat meat and poultry
products and contamination by food borne pathogens such as E. coli and salmonella and implemented a system of regulation known as the
HACCP program. The HACCP program requires all meat and poultry processing plants to develop and implement sanitary operating procedures
and other program requirements. OSHA oversees safety compliance and establishes certain employer responsibilities to help assure
safe and healthful working conditions and keep the workplace free of recognized hazards or practices likely to cause death or
serious injury. We believe that we are currently in compliance with governmental laws and regulations and that we maintain necessary
permits and licenses relating to our operations. 

A
failure to obtain or a loss of necessary permits and licenses could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand and could
adversely affect our operating performance. Furthermore, we are routinely subject to new or modified laws, regulations, and accounting
standards. If found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas, we could be subject to civil
remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls, or asset seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have
a significant adverse effect on our financial results. 

8 

We
depend on our key management, the loss of which could negatively impact our operations. 

Our
executive officers and certain other key employees have been primarily responsible for the development and expansion of our business,
and the loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could adversely affect us. Our success will be dependent in part upon
our continued ability to recruit, motivate, and retain qualified personnel. We cannot assure that we will be successful in this regard.
We have no employment or non-competition agreements with key personnel except for (1) a consulting agreement with Allan L. Bridgford
Sr. that became effective October 30, 2021, after his retirement from employment with our company, (2) a consulting agreement with Raymond
F. Lancy which will become effective on February 1, 2022, after his retirement from employment with our company and (3) a consulting
agreement with Allan Bridgford Jr. to provide consulting services to the Chicago plant and management. 

Labor
shortages and increased turnover or increases in employee and employee-related costs could have adverse effects on our profitability. 

We
have recently experienced increased labor shortages at some of our production facilities and other locations. While we have historically
experienced some level of ordinary course turnover of employees, the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting actions and impacts have exacerbated
labor shortages and increased turnover. A number of factors have had and may continue to have adverse effects on the labor force available
to us, including reduced employment pools, federal unemployment subsidies, including unemployment benefits offered in response to the
COVID-19 pandemic, and other government regulations, which include laws and regulations related to workers health and safety,
wage and hour practices and immigration. Labor shortages and increased turnover rates within our team members have led to and could in
the future lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees
and could negatively affect our ability to efficiently operate our production facilities or otherwise operate at full capacity. An overall
or prolonged labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on our
operations, results of operations, liquidity, or cash flows. 

We
depend on our major customers and any loss of such customers could have a negative impact on our profitability. 

We
could suffer significant reductions in revenues and operating income if we lost one or more of our largest customers, including Wal-Mart 
and Dollar General , which accounted for 29.8 and 16.9 , respectively, of sales in fiscal year 2022. The increase in accounts receivable
from Wal-Mart as of October 28, 2022 versus October 29, 2021 is attributable to the Company no longer accelerating payments from
Wal-Mart . Many of our customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs, and food distributors have consolidated in recent years.
Such consolidation has produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power who are more capable of operating with reduced
inventories while demanding lower pricing and increased promotional programs. These customers also may use their shelf space for their
own private label products. Failure to respond to these trends could reduce our volume and cause us to lower prices or increase promotional
spending for our product lines which could adversely affect our profitability. 

With
more than 80 of our stock beneficially owned by the Bridgford family, there are risks that they can exert significant influence or control
over our corporate matters. 

Members
of the Bridgford family beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than 80 of our outstanding stock. In addition, two members of the Bridgford
family currently serve on the Board of Directors. As a result, members of the Bridgford family have the ability to exert substantial
influence or actual control over our management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by our shareholders,
including amendments to by-laws, election and removal of directors, any proposed merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets and other corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may also delay or prevent a change in control otherwise
favored by our other shareholders and could depress our stock price. Additionally, as a result of the Bridgford family s significant
ownership of the outstanding voting stock, we have relied on the controlled company exemption from certain corporate governance
requirements of the NASDAQ stock market. Therefore, among other things, we have elected not to implement the rule that provides for a
nominating committee to identify and recommend nominees to the Board of Directors and have instead elected to have the full Board of
Directors perform such function. Additionally, pursuant to this exemption, our compensation committee, which is made up of independent
directors, does not have sole authority to determine the compensation of our executive officers, including our Chairman of the Board. 

We
participate in Multiemployer Pension Plans which could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We
participate in multiemployer pension plans administered by labor unions on behalf of their employees. We make monthly contributions
for healthcare and pension benefit obligations. The contribution amount may change depending upon the ability of participating companies
to fund these pension liabilities as well as the actual and expected returns on pension plan assets. Volatility in the capital markets
or interest rates can impact the market value of plan assets and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and our future funding
requirements. The exact amount of cash contributions made to the pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including
minimum funding requirements. In addition, should we withdraw from the union and cease participation in a union plan, federal law could
impose a penalty for additional contributions to the plan. The penalty would be recorded as an expense in the consolidated statement
of operations. The ultimate amount of the withdrawal liability is dependent upon several factors including the funded status of the plan
and contributions made by other participating companies. We continue to participate in other multiemployer union plans. In the event
of a full or partial withdrawal from these plans, the impact to our financial statements could be material. 

9 

Eminent
domain and land risk regulations could negatively impact our financial results and financial position. 

We
own real property on which we operate our processing and/or our distribution operations. As is the case with any owner of real property,
we may be subject to eminent domain proceedings that can impact the value of investments we have made in real property as well as potentially
disrupt our business operations. If subject to eminent domain proceedings or other government takings, we may not be adequately compensated. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could negatively impact our operations and financial condition. 

We
have considered the impact of federal, state, and local government actions related to the COVID-19 pandemic on our Consolidated Financial
Statements. The business disruptions associated with the pandemic had a significant negative impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements
for the fiscal year ended October 29, 2021, and to a lesser extent for fiscal year ended October 28, 2022. We expect these events to
have future business impacts, the extent of which is uncertain and largely subject to whether the severity worsens. These impacts could
include but may not be limited to risks and uncertainty related to shifts in demand between sales channels, market volatility, constraints
in our supply chain, our ability to operate production facilities and worker availability. These unknowns may subject the Company to
future risks related to long-lived asset impairments, increased reserves for uncollectible accounts, price and availability of ingredients
and raw materials used in our products and adjustments to reflect the market value of our inventory. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item
2. Properties 

We
own the following properties as of October 28, 2022: 

Property Location 
 Building Square Footage 
 Acreage 
 
 Anaheim, California 
 100,000 
 5.0 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 94,000 
 4.0 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 30,000 
 2.0 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 16,000 
 1.0 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 3,200 
 1.5 
 
 Statesville, North Carolina 
 42,000 
 8.0 
 
 Chicago, Illinois (1) 
 177,000 
 8.0 

- property used by Frozen
 Food Products Segment. 

- property used by Snack
 Food Products Segment. 

(1) 
 - property at 44 th
 Street is 177,000 square feet. At 170 N. Green Street, 156,000 square feet was sold on June 1, 2022. 

We
utilize each of the foregoing properties for processing, warehousing, distributing and administrative purposes. We also lease warehouse
and/or office facilities throughout the United States through month-to-month rental agreements. We believe that our properties are generally
adequate to satisfy our foreseeable needs. Additional properties may be acquired and/or plants expanded if favorable opportunities and
conditions arise. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

No
material legal proceedings were pending against us as of October 28, 2022, or as of the date of filing of this Report. We are likely
to be subject to claims arising from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. In certain of such actions, plaintiffs may
request punitive or other damages that may not be covered by insurance and, accordingly, no assurance can be given with respect to the
ultimate outcome of any such possible future claims or litigation or their effect on us. Any adverse litigation trends and outcomes could
significantly and negatively affect our financial results. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

10 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Common
Stock and Dividend Data 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol BRID . 

As
of January 23, 2023, there were 883 shareholders of record in our common stock. 

The
payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon future earnings, financial
requirements, and other factors. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

During
the period covered by this Report, we did not sell or issue any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer 

Our
stock repurchase program was approved by our Board of Directors in November 1999 and was expanded in June 2005. Under the stock repurchase
program, we are authorized, at the discretion of management and our Board of Directors, to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares
of our common stock on the open market. During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock pursuant
to our stock repurchase program previously authorized by the Board of Directors. As of October 28, 2022, 120,113 shares remained authorized
for repurchase under the program. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

11 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

For
a complete understanding, this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be
read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Report. 

Certain
statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere
in this Report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (refer to Part I., Item 1. Business for more information). 

Results
of Operations (in thousands except percentages) 

Fiscal
Year Ended October 28, 2022 (52 weeks) Compared to Fiscal Year Ended October 29, 2021 (52 weeks) 

Net
Sales-Consolidated 

Net
sales in fiscal year 2022 increased 25,468 (10.6 when compared to the prior fiscal year. The changes in net sales were comprised as
follows: 

Impact on Net Sales-Consolidated 

Selling price per pound 
 8.5 
 21,705 
 
 Unit sales volume in pounds 
 3.0 
 7,597 
 
 Returns activity 
 -0.2 
 (831 
 
 Promotional activity 
 -0.7 
 (3,003 
 
 Increase in net sales 
 10.6 
 25,468 

Net
Sales-Frozen Food Products Segment 

Net
sales in the Frozen Food Products segment in fiscal year 2022 increased 14,744 (35.5 compared to the prior fiscal year. The changes
in net sales were comprised as follows: 

Impact on Net Sales-Frozen Food Products 

Selling price per pound 
 8.5 
 3,949 
 
 Unit sales volume in pounds 
 28.1 
 13,060 
 
 Returns activity 
 0.2 
 55 
 
 Promotional activity 
 -1.3 
 (2,320 
 
 Increase in net sales 
 35.5 
 14,744 

The
increase in net sales for fiscal year 2022 primarily relates to higher unit sales volume in pounds coupled with a higher selling price
per pound. The increase in net sales was primarily driven by a significant increase in volume to institutional customers and an increase
in selling prices due to price increases implemented during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021 and second quarter of fiscal year
2022. Other institutional Frozen Food Products sales, including sheet dough and rolls, increased 44 by volume and retail sales volume
decreased 6 . Demand has shifted from retail to foodservice sales channels as schools and in-dining restaurants have reopened in response
to the lifting of restrictions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Returns activity decreased compared to the 2021 fiscal year. Promotional
activity was higher in fiscal year 2022 as a percentage of sales due to increased sales to high promotion customers. 

Net
Sales-Snack Food Products Segment 

Net
sales in the Snack Food Products segment in fiscal year 2022 increased 10,724 (5.4 compared to the prior fiscal year. The changes
in net sales were comprised as follows: 

Impact on Net Sales-Snack Food Products 

Selling price per pound 
 8.5 
 17,756 
 
 Unit sales volume in pounds 
 -2.6 
 (5,463 
 
 Returns activity 
 -0.4 
 (886 
 
 Promotional activity 
 -0.1 
 (683 
 
 Increase in net sales 
 5.4 
 10,724 

Net
sales of Snack Food Products increased due to higher average selling prices per pound compared to fiscal year 2021. Price increases were
implemented in the second quarter of fiscal year 2022 in response to record high meat commodity input costs. Unit sales volume in pounds
through our direct store delivery distribution channel decreased due to lower demand caused by inflationary pressures on consumer spending
habits. Returns activity was higher compared to the 2021 fiscal year. Promotional offers increased slightly compared to fiscal year 2021. 

12 

Cost
of Products Sold and Gross Margin-Consolidated 

Cost
of products sold from continuing operations increased by 4,791 (2.5 compared to the prior fiscal year. The gross margin increased
from 21.4 to 27.1 during fiscal year 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year. 

Change in Cost of Products Sold by Segment 

Commodity Increase 
 
 Frozen Food Products Segment 
 11,553 
 6.1 
 1,844 
 
 Snack Food Products Segment 
 (6,762 
 -3.6 
 7,949 
 
 Total 
 4,791 
 2.5 
 9,793 

Cost
of Products Sold and Gross Margin Frozen Food Products Segment 

Cost
of products sold in the Frozen Food Products segment increased by 11,553 (39.1 in fiscal year 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year.
Higher commodity costs, increased volume and changes in product mix were the primary contributing factors to this increase. The cost
of purchased flour increased approximately 1,844, which contributed to the increase in costs of goods sold. The gross margin percentage
decreased from 28.8 to 26.9 during fiscal year 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year. 

Cost
of Products Sold and Gross Margin Snack Food Products Segment 

Cost
of products sold in the Snack Food Products segment decreased by 6,762 (4.2 compared to the prior fiscal year due primarily to lower
unit sales volume. Meat commodity costs increased during fiscal year 2022 partially offsetting the decrease in cost of products sold.
The cost of meat commodities increased approximately 7,949 during fiscal year 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year. As a result, a
net realizable value reserve of 131 was recorded during the fiscal year after determining that the market value on some meat products
was less than the costs associated with production and sale of the product. Higher depreciation on processing equipment impacted the
cost of products sold. The gross margin earned in this segment increased from 19.8 to 27.1 during fiscal year 2022. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses-Consolidated 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses SG A in fiscal year 2022 increased 5,107 (8.5 when compared to the prior fiscal
year. The increase in this category did not directly correspond to the change in sales. 

The
table below summarizes the primary expense variances in this category: 

October 28, 2022 (52 Weeks) 
 October 29, 2021 (52 Weeks) 
 Expense Increase (Decrease) 
 
 Wages and bonus 
 27,937 
 25,086 
 2,851 
 
 Pension (income) expense 
 (904 
 772 
 (1,676 
 
 Fuel expense 
 2,524 
 1,738 
 786 
 
 Product advertising 
 8,733 
 8,160 
 573 
 
 Healthcare cost 
 3,265 
 2,790 
 475 
 
 Other income 
 (104 
 (508 
 404 
 
 Vehicle repairs and maintenance 
 1,374 
 1,000 
 374 
 
 Storage unit rent 
 2,420 
 2,056 
 364 
 
 Travel expense 
 2,151 
 1,963 
 188 
 
 Outside storage 
 909 
 736 
 173 
 
 Other SG A 
 16,930 
 16,334 
 596 
 
 Total - SG A 
 65,235 
 60,127 
 5,108 

Higher
sales commissions resulted in higher wages and bonus expenses in the 2022 fiscal year compared to the 2021 fiscal year. The decrease
in pension expense was a result of an increase in pension plan assets caused by the performance of the underlying markets that support
them as well as higher pension discount rates resulting in lower liability. The increase in fuel expense was driven by per gallon fuel
price increases compared to the prior year as a result of higher cost trends in petroleum markets. Costs for product advertising increased
mainly as a result of higher payments under brand licensing agreements in the Snack Food Products segment during fiscal year 2022. Healthcare
costs have increased due to unfavorable claim trends. Other income decreased due to a gain on life insurance proceeds caused by the passing
of a former executive employee during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021. Vehicle repairs and maintenance on vehicles have increased
compared to the prior year period mainly due to an aging fleet. Rent for storage units that house inventory increased due to inflationary
price pressure. Travel expenses increased due to the lifting of travel restrictions and stay-at-home orders which had been imposed in
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Outside storage costs to warehouse products prior to shipment increased due to reaching storage capacity
at our new Chicago facility as a result of higher sales volume. None of the changes individually or as a group of expenses in Other
SG A were significant enough to merit separate disclosure. The major components comprising the increase of Other SG A 
expenses were higher sales taxes, office supplies and professional fees. 

13 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses-Frozen Food Products Segment 

SG A
expenses in the Frozen Food Products segment increased by 2,664 (22.3 compared to the prior fiscal year. The overall increase in SG A
expenses was due to higher sales volume and corresponding increased wages and bonus and product advertising partially offset by lower
pension expense. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses-Refrigerated and Snack Food Products Segment 

SG A
expenses in the Snack Food Products segment increased by 2,444 (5.1 during fiscal year 2022 compared to the prior fiscal year. Most
of the increase was due to higher licensing fees, travel expense and taxes. 

Gain
on Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment 

The
gain during fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was due the sale of the Green Street facility and ordinary gain on disposal of assets, respectively. 

Income
Taxes 

Income
tax for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, was as follows: 

October 28, 2022 
 October 29, 2021 
 
 Provision for (benefit on) income taxes 
 16,341 
 (1,779 

Effective tax rate 
 26.6 
 24.4 

We
recorded a tax provision of 16,341 and benefit of 1,779, for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to federal and state
taxes, based on the Company s expected annual effective tax rate. The effective tax rate was 26.6 and 24.4 for fiscal years 2022
and 2021, respectively. In addition, the effective tax rates for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were impacted by such items as non-deductible
meals and entertainment, non-taxable gains and losses on life insurance policies and state income taxes. (Refer to Note 4 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for more information). 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources (in thousands except share amounts, percentages, and ratios) 

The
principal source of our operating cash flow is cash receipts from the sale of our products, net of costs to manufacture, store, market
and deliver such products. We normally fund our operations from cash balances and cash flow generated from operations. We received 60,000
in gross proceeds on June 1, 2022, from the closing of the sale of the Green Street Property pursuant to the terms of the CRG Purchase
Agreement. We borrowed 2,000 under our line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. on December 2, 2020, 2,000 on April 27, 2021, 2,000
on July 1, 2021, 3,000 on July 19, 2021, 3,000 on October 15, 2021, 2,000 on November 1, 2021, 2,000 on December 16, 2021, and 2,000
on January 24, 2022, for a combined total of 18,000. The line of credit was paid off on June 7, 2022, using 18,000 in proceeds from
the sale of the Green Street Property. The revolving line of credit continues in effect per its terms to March 1, 2023. We entered into
a bridge loan with Wells Fargo on August 30, 2021, for up to 25,000, of which we used 18,653 to pay off a portion of our existing equipment
loans as they came out of the lock out period and could be repaid. We repaid and terminated the bridge loan on June 2, 2022, using 18,653
in proceeds from the sale of real property at the Green Street Property. As of October 28, 2022, we had 1,089 of current debt on equipment
loans, 66,076 of net working capital and 15,000 available under our revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Refer to Note
5 - Line of Credit and Borrowing Agreements of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included within this Report
for further information. 

Despite
higher commodity costs, we may not be able to increase our product prices in a timely manner or sufficiently to offset increased commodity
costs due to consumer price sensitivity, pricing in relation to competitors and the reluctance of retailers to accept the price increase.
Higher product prices could potentially lower demand for our product and decrease volume. Management believes there are various options
available to generate additional liquidity to repay debt or fund operations such as mortgaging real estate, should that be necessary.
Our ability to increase liquidity will depend upon, among other things, our business plans, the performance of operating divisions and
economic conditions of capital markets, or circumstances related to the COVID-19 global pandemic. If we are unable to increase liquidity
through mortgaging real estate, or generate positive cash flow necessary to fund operations, we may not be able to compete successfully,
which could negatively impact our business, operations, and financial condition. With the cash expected to be generated from the Company s
operations, we anticipate that we will maintain sufficient liquidity to operate our business for at least the next twelve months. We
will continue to monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our liquidity and, if necessary, take action to preserve liquidity and ensure that
our business can operate during these uncertain times. 

14 

Cash
flows used in operating activities: 

October 28, 2022 (52 Weeks) 
 October 29, 2021 (52 Weeks) 

Net income (loss) 
 45,066 
 (5,503 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 6,682 
 6,669 
 
 Provision for losses on accounts receivable 
 57 
 125 
 
 (Reduction in) provision for promotional allowances 
 (98 
 319 
 
 Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 
 (57,745 
 (504 
 
 Deferred income taxes, net 
 5,070 
 1,063 
 
 Operating assets and liabilities 
 (6,862 
 (8,161 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (7,830 
 (5,992 

For
the fifty-two weeks ended October 28, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 7,830, an increase of 1,8380 compared to the
fifty-two weeks ended October 29, 2021. The increase in net cash used in operating activities primarily relates to a gain on sale of
property, plant and equipment of 57,745, an increase in accounts receivable of 10,116 and an increase in inventory of 3,762, partially
offset by a decrease in refundable income taxes of 4,955 and an increase in deferred taxes of 5,070. During fiscal year 2022, we did
not contribute towards our defined benefit pension plan. Plan funding strategies may be adjusted depending upon economic conditions,
investment options, tax deductibility, or legislative changes in funding requirements. 

Our
cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory and trade receivables less days of trade payables outstanding) was equal to 83 days
for the fifty-two weeks ended October 28, 2022, and 74 days for the fifty-two weeks ended October 29, 2021. 

For
the fifty-two weeks ended October 29, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 5,992. The result was primarily related to an
increase in inventory of 7,475 and net loss of 5,503 partially offset by a decrease in refundable income taxes and deferred taxes.
During fiscal year 2021, we did not contribute towards our defined benefit pension plan. 

Cash
flows provided by (used in) investing activities: 

October 28, 2022 (52 Weeks) 
 October 29, 2021 (52 Weeks) 
 
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
 60,115 
 520 
 
 Changes in escrow balance 
 - 
 (750 
 
 Additions to property, plant and equipment 
 (3,770 
 (6,239 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 56,345 
 (6,469 

Expenditures
for property, plant and equipment include the acquisition of equipment, upgrading of facilities to maintain operating efficiency and
investments in cost effective technologies to lower costs. In general, we capitalize the cost of additions and improvements and expense
the cost for repairs and maintenance. We received 60,000 in gross proceeds on June 1, 2022, from the closing of the real estate transaction
for the Green Street Property, pursuant to the terms of the CRG Purchase Agreement. We may also capitalize costs related to improvements
that extend the life, increase the capacity, or improve the efficiency of existing machinery and equipment. Specifically, capitalization
of upgrades of facilities to maintain operating efficiency include acquisitions of machinery and equipment used on packaging lines and
refrigeration equipment used to process food products. 

15 

The
table below highlights the additions to property, plant and equipment for the fifty-two weeks ended: 

October 28, 2022 (52 Weeks) 
 October 29, 2021 (52 Weeks) 
 
 Building improvements 
 
 61 
 
 Furniture and fixture 
 26 
 94 
 
 Temperature control 
 7 
 31 
 
 Processing equipment 
 711 
 5,586 
 
 Packaging lines 
 545 
 348 
 
 Vehicles for sales and/or delivery 
 808 
 1,288 
 
 Quality control and communication systems 
 
 43 
 
 Computer software and hardware 
 29 
 18 
 
 Forklifts 
 5 
 9 
 
 Change in projects in process 
 1,639 
 (1,239 
 
 Additions to property, plant and equipment 
 3,770 
 6,239 

Expenditures
for additions to property, plant and equipment during the fifty-two weeks ended October 28, 2022, include projects in process of 212
related to the new facility in Chicago. 

Cash
flows (used in) provided by financing activities: 

October 28, 2022 (52 Weeks) 
 October 29, 2021 (52 Weeks) 
 
 Payment of capital lease obligations 
 (400 
 (538 
 
 Proceeds from bank borrowings 
 6,000 
 12,000 
 
 Repayments of bank borrowings 
 (38,157 
 (4,053 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (32,557 
 7,409 

Our
stock repurchase program was approved by the Board of Directors in November 1999 and was expanded in June 2005. Under the stock repurchase
program, we were authorized, at the discretion of management and the Board of Directors, to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,000,000
shares of our common stock on the open market. As of the end of fiscal year 2022, 120,113 shares remained authorized for repurchase under
the program. 

The
Company leases three long-haul trucks pursuant to six-year leases that expire in 2025. Amortization of equipment under capital lease
was 75 in 2022. The Company also leased one long-haul truck for 40 during fiscal year 2021, and that lease term is two years. 

The
following table reflects major components of our line of credit and borrowing agreements as of October 28, 2022 and October 29, 2021. 

October 28, 2022 
 October 29, 2021 

Revolving credit facility 
 - 
 12,000 
 
 Equipment notes: 

3.70 note due 12/21/26, out of lockout 12/23/21 
 - 
 2,901 
 
 3.29 note due 03/05/27, out of lockout 03/06/22 
 - 
 5,951 
 
 3.68 note due 04/16/27, out of lockout 04/17/22 
 4,913 
 5,888 
 
 SOFR plus 2.00 bridge loan due 03/01/23 
 - 
 10,329 
 
 Total debt 
 4,913 
 37,069 
 
 Less current debt 
 (1,089 
 (1,065 
 
 Total long-term debt 
 3,824 
 36,004 

16 

Revolving
Credit Facility 

We
maintain a revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo that extends through March 1, 2023. As of year-end October 29, 2021, under the terms
of this line of credit, we could borrow up to 15,000 at an interest rate equal to the bank s prime rate or LIBOR plus 2.0 . The
line of credit has an unused commitment fee of 0.25 of the available loan amount. The line of credit is presented under non-current
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. On December 1, 2021, Wells Fargo expanded our line of credit to 25,000 through June
15, 2022, at which time the credit limit returned to 15,000 for the balance of the term. Under the terms of this line of credit, we
may borrow up to 15,000 at an interest rate equal to the bank s prime rate or secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus 2.0 . The former benchmark interest rate of LIBOR for our line of credit has been transitioned to SOFR which could impact the cost
of credit and alter the value of debt and loans. We borrowed 2,000 under this line of credit on December 2, 2020, 2,000 on April 27,
2021, 2,000 on July 1, 2021, 3,000 on July 19, 2021, 3,000 on October 15, 2021, 2,000 on November 1, 2021, and 2,000 on December
26, 2021, and 2,000 on January 24, 2022, for a combined total of 18,000. The revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo was paid off
on June 7, 2022, using 18,000 in proceeds from the sale of the Green Street Property. 

Equipment
Notes Payable 

On
December 26, 2018, we entered into a master collateral loan and security agreement with Wells Fargo (the Original Wells Fargo
Loan Agreement for up to 15,000 in equipment financing which was amended and expanded as detailed below. We subsequently entered
into additional master collateral loan and security agreements with Wells Fargo on each of; April 18, 2019, December 19, 2019, March
5, 2020, and April 17, 2020 (the Original Wells Fargo Loan Agreement and the subsequent agreements collectively referred to as the Wells
Fargo Loan Agreements ). Pursuant to the Wells Fargo Loan Agreements, we owe the amounts as stated in the table above. 

Bridge
Loan 

On
August 30, 2021, we entered into a loan commitment note for a bridge loan of up to 25,000 to obtain capital to pay off the existing
equipment loans as they come out of the lock out period and may be repaid (dates detailed in the table above). The outstanding principal
balances of the bridge loan became due and payable in full on the earlier of the following dates (1) August 31, 2023, or (2) one Federal
Reserve business day after the closing of the real estate transactions contemplated under the CRG Purchase Agreement. We repaid 18,653
in equipment loans (equipment loans 4.13 , 3.98 , 3.70 and 3.29 in the table above) utilizing proceeds from the new bridge loan. The
Company evaluated the exchange under ASC 470 and determined that the exchange should be treated as a debt modification prospectively.
The Company accounted for this transaction as a debt modification and did not incur any gain or loss relating to the modification. The
debt modification did not meet the greater than ten percent test and was deemed not substantial. We repaid and terminated the bridge
loan and related loan commitment note on June 2, 2022, using 18,653 in proceeds from the sale of the Green Street Property pursuant
to the CRG Purchase Agreement. 

Loan
Covenants 

The
Wells Fargo Loan Agreements contain various affirmative and negative covenants that limit the use of funds and define other provisions
of the loan. Material financial covenants are listed below and the capitalized terms are defined in the Agreements: 

Total Liabilities divided
 by Tangible Net Worth not greater than 2.5 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter, 

Quick Ratio not less than
 0.85 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter end, 

Net Income After Taxes
 not less than 500 on a quarterly basis, and 

Capital Expenditures less
 than 5,000. 

As
of October 28, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Wells Fargo Loan Agreements. 

Aggregate
contractual maturities of debt in future fiscal years are as follows as of October 28, 2022: 

Fiscal Years 
 Debt Payable 
 
 2023 
 1,089 
 
 2024 
 1,041 
 
 2025 
 1,081 
 
 2026 
 1,121 
 
 2027-2028 
 588 

17 

Impact
of Inflation 

Our
operating results are heavily dependent upon the prices paid for raw materials. The marketing of our value-added products does not lend
itself to instantaneous changes in selling prices. Changes in selling prices are relatively infrequent and do not compare with the volatility
of commodity markets. All of our operating segments have been impacted by inflation, including higher costs for labor, freight, and specific
materials. We expect this trend to continue through fiscal year 2023. Management is of the opinion that the Company s financial
position and its capital resources are sufficient to provide for its operating needs and capital expenditures for fiscal year 2023. However,
future volatility of general price inflation or deflation and raw material cost and availability could adversely affect our financial
results. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not currently have any off-balance sheet arrangements within the meaning of Item 303(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Except
as described above, we had no other debt or other contractual obligations within the meaning of Item 303(b) of Regulation S-K, as of
October 28, 2022. 

Our
expected future liability related to construction of the new Chicago processing facility is approximately 125 as of October 28, 2022. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Amounts estimated related to liabilities for self-insured workers compensation, employee healthcare
and pension benefits are especially subject to inherent uncertainties and these estimated liabilities may ultimately settle at amounts
not originally estimated. We record promotions, returns allowances, bad debt and inventory allowances based on recent and historical
trends. Management believes its current estimates are reasonable and based on the best information available at the time. 

Disclosure
concerning our policies on credit risk, revenue recognition, cash surrender or contract value for life insurance policies, deferred income
tax and the recoverability of our long-lived assets are provided in Notes 1 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Regulations 

Various
accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations, and exposure drafts.
For information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see Note
1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable for a smaller reporting company. 

Item
8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements required by this Item are set forth in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not
applicable. 

18 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures 

Our
management, with the participation and under the supervision of our Chairman of the Board and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered
by this Report. Based on this evaluation, the Chairman of the Board and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report due to the material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting related to the Company s failure to timely report to accounting a change in lease terms from a month-to-month
lease to a five-year term lease. Management has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting
and believes the issue has been remediated as of the date of this Report. 

Our
management, including our Chairman of the Board and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal
controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty,
and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of
some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. 

The
design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, a control
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

We
maintain and evaluate a system of internal accounting controls, and a program designed to provide reasonable assurance that our assets
are protected and that transactions are performed in accordance with proper authorization and are properly recorded. This system of internal
accounting controls is continually reviewed and modified in response to evolving business conditions and operations and to recommendations
made by our independent registered public accounting firm. We have established a code of conduct. Our management believes that the accounting
and internal control systems provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, and financial information is reliable. 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly with our financial management and counsel, and with the independent registered
public accounting firm engaged by us. Internal accounting controls and the quality of financial reporting are discussed during these
meetings. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm matters required to be discussed by
Statement of Auditing Standards No. 16 (Communication with Audit Committees). In addition, the Audit Committee and the independent registered
public accounting firm have discussed the independent registered public accounting firm s independence from our Company and its
management, including the matters in the written disclosures required by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3526 Communicating
with Audit Committees Concerning Independence . 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reports 

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter covered by this Report that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In
order to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have undertaken and continue a comprehensive effort, which includes the documentation
and review of our internal controls. In order to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we centralized most accounting and many administrative
functions in an effort to control the cost of maintaining our control systems. 

The
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, signed into law by the President on July 21, 2010, permanently exempts small
public companies with less than 75 million in public float, such as the Company, from the requirement to obtain an external audit on
the effectiveness of internal financial reporting controls provided in Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result, an attestation
report on internal controls over financial reporting by an independent registered public accounting firm has not been presented. Section
404(a) is still effective for smaller public companies and requires the disclosure of management attestations on internal controls over
financial reporting. 

19 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Such control only provides reasonable assurance with respect
to the financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of October 28, 2022. In making this assessment, management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) and related illustrative documents as an update to Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992). Based on its assessment
and these criteria, management determined that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of October
28, 2022 due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the failure to timely report to accounting
a change in lease terms from a month-to-month lease to a five-year term lease. A material weakness (within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing
Standard No. 5) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis. The material weakness warranted the attention of the audit committee and those charged with governance. 

Management
has implemented remediation steps to improve our internal control over financial reporting, including modifying the design of the related
internal controls to include verbal communication with plant managers on a quarterly basis, and expanding notification to Operating Committee
members for feedback on any additional information on new contractual arrangements for revenue, leases or other types of agreements impacting
accounting. In the case of the lease misstatement, we believe the failure to notify management was a one-time oversight and not indicative
of a pattern or continuing weakness in the proper functioning of the controls. We believe that the issue has been remediated as of the
date of this Report. All misstatements were corrected and properly reported as of October 28, 2022. 

Management
has concluded that this material weakness has no impact on earnings, earnings per share, or material trends or uncertainties that are
reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial results. Management further concludes that the existence of this material
weakness does not impact any of its prior conclusions regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

20 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Identification
of Directors 

The
following table and biographical summaries set forth, with respect to each director serving as of January 26, 2022, his or her age, his
or her principal occupation and the year in which he or she first became a director of the Company. The directors of the Company are
elected annually to serve until the next annual meeting of the shareholders or until their respective successors are elected and duly
qualified. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Principal
 Occupation 
 
 Year
 First Became a Director 
 
 William L.
 Bridgford 
 
 68 
 
 Vice President
 and Chairman of the Executive Committee (1)(4) 
 
 2004 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. 
 
 87 
 
 Retired Vice President
 and Chairman of the Executive Committee (1)(4) 
 
 1957 
 
 Todd C. Andrews 
 
 57 
 
 Retired Vice President
 and Controller of Public Storage (2)(3)(4) 
 
 2004 
 
 Raymond F. Lancy 
 
 69 
 
 Vice
 President and Treasurer (4) 
 
 2013 
 
 Keith A. Ross 
 
 60 
 
 Real Estate Consultant
 (4) 
 
 2016 
 
 Mary Schott 
 
 61 
 
 Financial Executive Services
 Consultant (2)(3)(4) 
 
 2019 
 
 D. Gregory Scott 
 
 66 
 
 Managing Director of Peak
 Holdings, LLC (2)(3)(4) 
 
 2006 
 
 John V. Simmons 
 
 67 
 
 Vice President and Member
 of the Executive Committee (4) 
 
 2011 

(1) 
 William L. Bridgford is
 the nephew of Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. and the father of Michael W. Bridgford. 
 
 (2) 
 Member of the Compensation
 Committee. 
 
 (3) 
 Member of the Audit Committee. 
 
 (4) 
 Member of the Nominating
 Committee. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

William
L. Bridgford 

William
L. Bridgford served as Chairman of the Board from March of 2006 to October 30, 2021. He is currently Vice President and Chairman of the
Executive Committee. He previously served as President of the Company from June of 2004 until March of 2006, and Secretary of the Company
for more than five years. Mr. Bridgford has been a full-time employee of the Company since 1981. He has also served as a member of the
Executive Committee since 2004. Mr. Bridgford is a graduate of California State University, Fullerton with a degree in Business Management. 

Mr.
Bridgford is one of the principal owners of Bridgford Industries Incorporated, the Company s majority shareholder. He brings to
the Board extensive experience in the operations of the Company and provides strong leadership skills that provide strategic business
guidance to the Company. The Board believes his executive managerial experience and Company knowledge base combined with his understanding
of corporate values and culture qualify him to serve as a member of the Board. 

Allan
L. Bridgford, Sr. 

Allan
L. Bridgford, Sr. served as Vice President and Chairman of the Executive Committee from 2011 until his retirement from employment effective
October 29, 2021. Mr. Bridgford retired from the Board in October 2011 and was reappointed to the Board in August 2019. He previously
served as Senior Chairman of the Board from March of 2006 to October of 2011. From March of 1995 through March of 2006, Mr. Bridgford
served as Chairman of the Board. He has been an employee of the Company since 1957, and reduced his work schedule to 80 in March of
2000, 60 in March of 2005 and 50 in November 2014. Mr. Bridgford s base compensation was reduced by the same percentage as his
regular work schedule reduction. Mr. Bridgford has also served as a member of the Executive Committee since 1972. He is a graduate of
Stanford University with a degree in Economics. 

Mr.
Bridgford is one of the principal owners of Bridgford Industries Inc., the Company s majority shareholder. He has extensive knowledge
of the Company s business and experience in the food industry developed during his long tenure with the Company. The Board believes
he is qualified to serve as a director based on these experiences as well as his other valuable attributes and skills. 

21 

Todd
C. Andrews 

Todd
C. Andrews is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and retired in April 2021 as Senior Vice President and Controller of Public Storage,
a member of the S P 500, headquartered in Glendale, California. Mr. Andrews had been employed by Public Storage since 1997. Mr. Andrews
graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration with an emphasis in accounting and finance from California
State University, Northridge, and received an Elijah Watt Sells award with high distinction on the November 1988 CPA exam. 

Mr.
Andrews has over 30 years of experience with responsibilities including financial reporting, strategic financial planning and analysis,
capital markets, treasury operations, SEC reporting, Sarbanes Oxley internal controls and procedures, operational analysis, operational
control design, real estate acquisition and development underwriting, and system design and implementation. In addition, Mr. Andrews
brings a diverse set of perspectives to the Board from serving in positions in multiple industries, including public accounting, entertainment,
retail, and real estate. The Board believes his skills and extensive experience qualify him to serve as a member of the Board. Mr. Andrews
also qualifies as an audit committee financial expert and is financially sophisticated within the meaning of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 

Raymond
F. Lancy 

Raymond
F. Lancy has served as Treasurer of the Company for more than the past five years. He has also served as Chief Financial Officer from
2003 to October 2022, and as a member of the Executive Committee since 2001 to October 2022, and Vice President since 2001. Mr. Lancy
is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and worked for ten years as an auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. He earned a Bachelor
of Science degree with a major in Administration with high honors from California State University, San Bernardino. 

Mr.
Lancy has extensive knowledge and experience in the areas of finance and management developed at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and as an
employee of the Company since July of 1992 and as Chief Financial Officer from 2003 to October 2022. The Board believes these skills
and experiences qualify him to serve as a member of the Board. Effective October 28, 2022, Cindy Matthews-Morales succeeded Mr. Lancy
as Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Lancy was appointed Vice President and Treasurer. Mr. Lancy plans to fully retire on February 1, 2023.
The Company has executed a consulting agreement with Mr. Lancy in case there is a need for his services or for special projects after
his retirement. Mr. Lancy will remain on the Board of Directors for the upcoming term in 2023. 

Keith
A. Ross 

Keith
A. Ross is President of KR6, Inc., a commercial real estate consultant and continues as founder/principal of Centra Realty Corporation
(discussed below). From August 2013 to 2018, Mr. Ross served as Executive Vice President of CT Realty, or CTR, a real estate investment,
development and management company based in Newport Beach, California. At CTR, Mr. Ross oversaw all development and was responsible for
sourcing, evaluating, and closing on all commercial development opportunities. In addition, Mr. Ross served on CTR s Executive
Committee and Investment Committee. CTR was founded in 1994 and together with its affiliates and principals has developed, acquired and
managed over 8 billion in industrial and office properties. Prior to joining CTR, from June 2009 to January 2014, Mr. Ross was Founder,
President and CEO of Peligroso Spirits which sold to Diageo in London (the world s largest spirits company). From 2001 to present,
Mr. Ross acts as Founder and Principal of Centra Realty Corporation, ranked as one of the most active real estate development companies
in Orange County, California, where he oversees the company s land acquisitions, capital raises of both equity and debt, architectural
design, engineering, construction and sales/leasing efforts. 

Mr.
Ross began his professional career at the Koll Company and was with Koll for over a decade and served in various roles from project manager
to marketing before leading the real estate development efforts of the company in Southern California. He currently serves on the Board
of Directors and is a Co-Founder of Miocean, a nonprofit foundation that applies proven business approaches to curb the harmful effects
of urban run-off pollution to the Ocean. Mr. Ross attended San Diego State University. 

Mr.
Ross has extensive real estate acquisition and development experience as well as project management and marketing expertise, which the
Board believes qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board. In addition to his service on the Board, Mr. Ross continues to provide
real estate consulting services to the Company. 

Mary
Schott 

Mary
Schott is currently working as a consultant in the financial services industry. Previously, she was Chief Financial Officer and Corporate
Secretary of California Commerce Club, Inc., a privately held gaming and hospitality company, for which she had served from March 2014
through January 2020. Prior to California Commerce Club, Ms. Schott served as Chief Financial Officer of San Manuel Band of Mission Indians,
a sovereign American Indian tribe, and Chief Accounting Officer of First American Title Insurance Company, a publicly traded financial
services company. Ms. Schott holds an EMBA from Claremont Graduate University and a bachelor s degree in Accounting from Cal Poly
Pomona University. She is also a Certified Public Accountant (active) and a member of the California Society of Certified Public Accountants
and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

22 

Ms.
Schott possesses leadership skills and a vast knowledge base on finance, accounting, strategic planning, risk management as well as decision
support for portfolio development, acquisitions, divestures, and establishing governance protocols. The Board believes that these skills
and experiences qualify her to serve as a member of the Board. Ms. Schott also qualifies as an audit committee financial expert and has
financial sophistication as described in the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 

D.
Gregory Scott 

D.
Gregory Scott is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and currently serves as the Managing Director of Peak Holdings, LLC, an investment
management company based in Beverly Hills, California. Mr. Scott has been with Peak Holdings, LLC for more than the past five years.
Peak Holdings, LLC and its affiliates own and manage in excess of three million square feet of office, retail and warehouse space throughout
the United States. 

Mr.
Scott has extensive financial and managerial experience, which the Board believes qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board. Mr.
Scott also qualifies as an audit committee financial expert and has financial sophistication as described in the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 

John
V. Simmons 

John
V. Simmons served as President of the Company and member of the Executive Committee from 2006 to November 2021. He is currently Vice
President and member of the Executive Committee. He previously served as Vice President of the Company for more than five years. Mr.
Simmons earned a B.A. degree in Psychology from the University of Wisconsin. 

Mr.
Simmons has extensive knowledge and experience in the areas of marketing, product research and development, trade relations and operations
developed as an employee of the Company since 1979. The Board believes these skills and experiences qualify him to serve as a member
of the Board. 

Public
Company Directorships 

None
of the directors have been a director of any other public company in the past five years. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of the directors have been involved in any legal events reportable under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K during the last ten years. 

Arrangements
or Understandings with Directors 

There
are no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which any of the directors was or is to be elected to serve as a director or nominee. 

Further,
none of our directors have arrangements or understandings with any person or entity, other than the Company, relating to compensation
or other payments in connection with such director s service to the Company. 

23 

Identification
of Executive Officers 

The
names, ages, and positions of all our executive officers as of January 26, 2023, are listed below. Additionally, biographical summaries
for executive officers who are not directors are set forth below. Officers are normally appointed annually by the Board of Directors
at their meeting immediately following the annual meeting of shareholders. Five executive officers are full-time employees of our company.
Raymond F. Lancy reduced his work schedule to 60 as of October 29, 2022. There are no agreements or understandings pursuant to which
any of the executive officers was or is selected to serve as an executive officer. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s)
 with our company 
 
 William L. Bridgford (1)(2)(3) 
 
 68 
 
 Vice President and Chairman
 of the Executive Committee 
 
 John V. Simmons (4) 
 
 67 
 
 Vice President and Member
 of the Executive Committee 
 
 Raymond
 F. Lancy (5) 
 
 69 
 
 Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 Michael
 W. Bridgford (2)(3) 
 
 41 
 
 Chairman of the Board and
 Member of the Executive Committee 
 
 Baron
 R. H. Bridgford II (4)(6) 
 
 40 
 
 President and Member of
 the Executive Committee 
 
 Cindy
 Matthews-Morales (5) 
 
 52 
 
 Chief Financial Officer,
 Secretary and Member of the Executive Committee 

(1) 
 William L. Bridgford is
 the nephew of Allan L. Bridgford, Sr., a director. 

(2) 
 Effective October 30, 2021,
 Michael W. Bridgford succeeded William L. Bridgford as Chairman of the Board and was also appointed as a member of the Executive
 Committee. Effective the same date, William L .Bridgford was appointed as Vice President and Chairman of the Executive Committee. 

(3) 
 Michael W. Bridgford is
 the son of William L. Bridgford. 

(4) 
 Effective October 30, 2021,
 Baron R.H. Bridgford II succeeded John V. Simmons as President of the Company and was also appointed as a member of the Executive
 Committee. Effective the same date, John V. Simmons was appointed Vice President and will continue serving as a member of the Executive
 Committee. 

(5) 
 Effective October 28, 2022,
 Cindy Matthews-Morales succeeded Raymond F. Lancy as Chief Financial Officer and Raymond F. Lancy was appointed Vice President and
 Treasurer. Raymond F. Lancy plans to fully retire on February 1, 2023 and will continue to serve as a director. 

(6) 
 Baron R.H. Bridgford II
 is the cousin of William L. Bridgford and Michael W. Bridgford and great nephew of Allan L. Bridgford Sr. 

Michael
W. Bridgford 

Michael
W. Bridgford was appointed as Chairman of the Board and a member of the Executive Committee in October of 2021. He previously served
as Vice President of the Company from March of 2015 until November of 2021 and as Assistant Secretary of the Company from March of 2007
until November of 2021. Mr. Bridgford has been a full-time employee of the Company since 2002. He graduated from Vanguard University
in 2004 with a degree in Business with an emphasis in Organizational Management. 

Mr.
Bridgford brings a wide range of experience to the Board. He has overseen sandwich and lunch meat production in the Anaheim and Frozen-Rite
plants, led the Anaheim Deli Route division, worked as a Regional Sales Manager in the Frozen Foods division, and most recently been
responsible for leading the entire Frozen Foods division s sales efforts. He also has extensive experience controlling inventory,
administering payroll, managing employees, and working with customers. The Board believes his experience working in and managing various
divisions of the Company since 2002 make him well-equipped to oversee both the sales efforts and the processing operations of the Company. 

Baron
R. H. Bridgford II 

Baron
R. H. Bridgford II is serving his second year as President of the Company and member of the Executive Committee. He previously served
as Vice President of the Chicago Meat Snack division from 2008 to 2021 and works closely in the Chicago plant with his father, Baron
Bridgford Sr., and brothers, Brian and Richard Bridgford. Mr. Bridgford earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from
the University of Colorado. 

Mr.
Bridgford is a member of the fourth generation of the Bridgford family and has worked for the Company throughout its operations from
an early age. He served as a DSD route driver and Route Specialist during the early part of his career, gaining hands-on experience with
the Company s unique DSD distribution model. He has worked closely with Senior Vice President Chris Cole making headquarter calls
on our largest customers. In addition to retail headquarter calls, Mr. Bridgford has developed and grown the Company s co-packing
and warehouse business out of the Chicago plant. 

Cindy
Matthews-Morales 

Cindy
Matthews-Morales is serving her first year as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and member of the Executive Committee. She previously
served as Controller from 2000 to 2022. Ms. Matthews-Morales earned a Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Accounting
from California State University, Fullerton. 

24 

Ms.
Matthews-Morales has extensive knowledge in accounting, cash management and financial competency as well as a strong understanding of
Company operations. The Board believes these skills and experiences qualify her to serve as Chief Financial Officer. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee currently consists of three members, including Ms. Schott (Chairperson) and Messrs. Andrews and Scott. The Audit Committee
has been established in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and each of the current members of the Audit Committee is
an independent director as defined in Rule 5605(c)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. In addition, the Board has determined
that each of Messrs. Andrews and Scott, and Ms. Schott qualify as audit committee financial experts as such term is used
in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company adopted a code of ethics that is applicable to, among other individuals, its principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, and posted the code of ethics on its website
at www.bridgford.com (and designated therein as the Code of Conduct - Governance). Any amendment or waiver to the Company s
code of ethics that applies to its directors or executive officers will be posted on its website or in a report filed with the SEC on
Form 8-K. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

Compensation
Overview 

This
section provides information regarding the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers or NEOs, 
all of whom are members of the Executive Committee during the respective fiscal years stated below. The Company has historically been
and continues to be principally managed by the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee, as a unit, serves as the Company s
 Chief Executive Officer. For fiscal year 2022, the Executive Committee consisted of the following five members: 

William L. Bridgford, Vice
 President and Chairman of the Executive Committee 

Michael W. Bridgford, Chairman
 of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

Baron R.H. Bridgford II,
 President 

John V. Simmons, President 

Raymond F. Lancy, Chief
 Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

For
fiscal year 2023, the Executive Committee consists of the following six members (five members upon Mr. Lancy s retirement on February
1, 2023): 

William L. Bridgford, Vice
 President and Chairman of the Executive Committee 

Michael W. Bridgford, Chairman
 of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

Baron R.H. Bridgford II,
 President 

John V. Simmons, Vice President 

Raymond F. Lancy, Vice
 President and Treasurer 

Cindy Matthews-Morales,
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) 

The
Company s executive compensation program is overseen by the Compensation Committee, which is comprised of certain non-employee
members of the Board and, notwithstanding that the Company is a controlled company within the meaning of the NASDAQ Listing
Rules, each member is independent as defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The basic responsibility of the Compensation
Committee is to review the performance of the officers and key employees toward achieving the Company s strategic goals and to
help ensure that the Company is able to attract and retain individuals who can lead the Company to achieve those goals. 

One
of the Company s primary strategic goals is to increase shareholder value while meeting its objectives for customer satisfaction,
improved sales and financial performance, sound corporate governance, and competitive advantage. The Company s current emphases
on controlling costs and improving profit margins on a consistent basis are also important factors which affect the Company s compensation
decisions. The Compensation Committee s goal is to work with management to balance the Company s financial goals and circumstances
with the need to attract, motivate and retain the fully qualified and capable individuals the Company needs to meet and surpass its customers 
and shareholders expectations in a highly-competitive industry. 

Compensation
Philosophy and Objectives 

The
core of the Company s executive compensation philosophy is to pay for performance. To that end, incentive bonus programs are in
place each year to reward excellent executive performance based upon the achievement of profit objectives by business units and the Company s
overall profitability based on pretax income, thus stimulating all executives to assume broad responsibility for the Company s
overall financial welfare and financial performance. 

25 

The
Compensation Committee s guiding principles are as follows: 

Work with management to
 provide a compensation program that recognizes individual contributions as well as the Company s overall business results; 

Provide reasonable levels
 of total compensation which will enable the Company to attract and retain qualified and capable executive talent within its industry,
 while also considering the Company s current goals of controlling costs and effecting consistent improvements in its overall
 financial condition; 

Motivate executive officers
 to deliver optimum individual and business unit performance; 

Develop and retain a leadership
 team that is capable of successfully operating and growing an increasingly competitive and complex business in a rapidly changing
 industry; and 

Ensure that executive compensation-related
 disclosures are made to the public on a timely basis. 

Role
of the Compensation Committee 

The
compensation of all NEOs and other executive officers is determined by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee met one
time during fiscal year 2022. The primary responsibilities of the Compensation Committee include, without limitation, the following: 

Determine the compensation
 of the members of the Executive Committee, after taking into account the Board s assessment of the performance of the Executive
 Committee, as well as any other executive officers of the Company. 

Determine the compensation
 of the Chairman of the Board and the other directors of the Company. 

Assess the performance
 of the executive officers of the Company other than the members of the Executive Committee (whose performance is assessed by the
 Board). 

Review and make recommendations
 to the Board regarding the Company s compensation policies and philosophy. 

Review and make recommendations
 to the Board with respect to the employment agreements, severance agreements, change of control agreements and other similar agreements
 between the Company and its executive officers. 

Administer the Company s
 equity incentive plans, including the review and grant of stock option and other equity incentive grants. 

Review and discuss the
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A section of the Company s annual proxy statement with management
 and recommend to the Board that the CD A be included in the Company s proxy statement as required. 

Produce an annual report
 on executive compensation for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement. 

As requested by Company
 management, review, consult and make recommendations and/or determinations regarding employee compensation and benefit plans and
 programs generally, including employee bonus and retirement plans and programs. 

Assist the Board and management
 in developing and evaluating potential candidates for executive officer positions. 

Advise the Board in its
 succession-planning initiatives for the Company s executive officers and other senior officers. 

Role
of Management in the Compensation Determination Process 

The
Company s senior management team, particularly the Chairman of the Board and the Chairman of the Executive Committee, support the
Compensation Committee in the executive compensation decision-making process. At the request of the Compensation Committee, one or more
members of the Executive Committee may present a performance assessment and recommendations to the Compensation Committee regarding base
salaries, bonus payments, incentive plan structure and other compensation-related matters for the Company s executive officers
(other than with respect to their own compensation). 

Role
of Compensation Consultant 

The
Compensation Committee has decided not to utilize the services of a paid compensation consultant after concluding that such a consultant
would provide insufficient value compared to the cost. 

Total
Compensation for Executive Officers 

The
compensation packages offered to the Company s executive officers are comprised of one or more of the following elements: 

Base salary; 

Discretionary cash bonuses;
 and 

Post-retirement healthcare
 and pension benefits. 

26 

The
Company does not have any formal policies which dictate the amount to be paid with respect to each element, nor does it have any policies
which dictate the relative proportion of the various elements. The Company also does not have any formal policies for allocating between
cash and non-cash compensation and short-term and long-term compensation. Instead, the Company relies on the judgment of the Compensation
Committee and input and feedback from the management team, including in particular members of the Executive Committee. The Compensation
Committee has no plans to adopt any such formulas, ratios or other such targets that might artificially dilute the Company s effectiveness
in achieving its overall profit objectives. In fact, all of the Company s compensation policy decisions are made in the context
of its current financial position and are subordinated to the Company s current goal of achieving overall profitability on an annual
basis. Each of the compensation components is described in more detail below. 

Base
Salary 

The
Company provides executive officers and other employees with base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the fiscal year.
The purpose of base salary is to reward effective fulfillment of an executive s assigned job responsibilities, and to reflect the
position s relative value to the Company and competitiveness of the executive job market. Base salaries for executive officers
are determined based on the nature and responsibility of the position, salary norms for comparable positions at similar companies, the
expertise and effectiveness of the individual executive, and the competitiveness of the market for the executive officer s services. 

The
Company has successfully held most base salaries at the low end of the competitive range in order to reduce its overall cost structure
and to achieve systematic improvement in the financial performance of the business without incurring a large turnover in executive talent
and leadership. 

Any
 merit increases for the Company s executive officers are subject to the same budgetary constraints that apply to
all other employees. Executive officer salaries are evaluated as part of the Company s annual review process and may be adjusted
where justified in the context of the Company s current focus on profitability and controlling expenses. 

For
fiscal year 2022, the Compensation Committee set a base salary of 5,713 per week for each Executive Committee member, reduced on a pro-rata
basis for any member working less than a full-time schedule. This base salary amount is unchanged compared to fiscal year 2021. 

Discretionary
Cash Bonuses 

The
Company s policy is to make a significant portion of each NEO s total compensation contingent upon the Company s financial
performance. The Compensation Committee believes that the payment of cash bonuses based on the Company s financial success allows
the Company to offer a competitive total compensation package despite relatively lower base salaries, while aligning a significant portion
of executive compensation with the achievement of positive Company financial results. However, while the payment of these cash bonuses
to the NEOs is generally correlated with the achievement of positive Company financial results, there are no specific performance targets
communicated to the NEOs in advance, and the bonuses are ultimately paid at the discretion of the Compensation Committee after receiving
input from the Chairman of the Board. For the fiscal year ended October 28, 2022, discretionary bonuses were awarded to the members of
the Company s Executive Committee as disclosed in detail in the Summary Compensation Table. 

Long-Term
Equity-Based Incentive Compensation 

The
Compensation Committee has concluded that long-term stock-related compensation has very limited value as an employee incentive or retention
tool because the Company s equity-based incentive awards have historically provided little or no value to the recipient. In addition,
beginning in 2005, U.S. accounting rules required the Company to expense any stock option awards according to a formula which could impose
a costly charge on the Company s income statements, thereby burdening or erasing its profit margins. Because of these factors,
the Company has not granted stock options or restricted stock awards for many years. Instead, the Compensation Committee aims to align
the interests of the NEOs with those of the Company s shareholders by creating a link between the payment of executive compensation
and the achievement of Company financial goals as described above. The Company s 1999 Stock Incentive Plan expired by its own terms
on April 29, 2009 and no additional stock options or restricted stock may be granted thereunder. 

Pension
and Retirement Benefits 

Retirement
Plan for Administrative and Sales Employees of Bridgford Foods Corporation . The Company has a defined benefit plan (the Primary
Benefit Plan for certain of its employees not covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Primary Benefit Plan, administered
by a major life insurance company, presently provides that participants receive an annual benefit on retirement equal to 1.5 of their
total compensation from the Company during their period of participation from 1958. Benefits are not reduced by Social Security payments
or by payments from other sources and are payable in the form of a monthly lifetime annuity commencing at age 65 or the participant s
date of retirement, whichever is later. Effective May 12, 2006, future benefit accruals under the Primary Benefit Plan were frozen. 

27 

Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan . Retirement benefits otherwise available to certain key executives under the Primary Benefit Plan have
been limited by the effects of the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 TEFRA and the Tax Reform Act of 1986 TRA ). To offset the loss of retirement benefits associated with TEFRA and TRA, the Company has adopted a non-qualified
 makeup benefit plan (the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ). Benefits will be provided under the Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan in an amount equal to 60 of each participant s final average earnings minus any pension benefits and
primary insurance amounts available to them under Social Security. However, in all cases the benefits are capped at 120,000 per year
for Allan L. Bridgford. Benefits provided under this plan for William L. Bridgford and Raymond F. Lancy are calculated at 50 of final
average earnings, capped at 200,000 per year, without offsets for other pension or Social Security benefits. 

Bridgford
Foods Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan . The Company implemented a 401(k) plan effective May 13, 2006. The Company makes a matching
contribution to each employee s account based on pretax contributions in an amount equal to 100 of the first 3 of compensation
and 50 of the next 2 of compensation contributed to the Plan. Certain limitations on optional pre-tax contributions to the plan are
imposed pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. No amounts are contributed by the Company unless the employee elects
to make a pretax contribution to the Plan. 

Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation 

Effective
January 1, 1991, the Company adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement, selected
employees contributed a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. The Company contributed an amount to each participant s
account by computing an investment return equal to Moody s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus 2 . The purpose of the plan was to provide
tax planning and supplemental funds upon retirement or death for certain selected employees and to aid in retaining and attracting employees
of exceptional ability. Separate accounts are maintained for each participant to properly reflect his or her total vested account balance.
No contributions or salary deferrals have been made in the past ten years. 

Perquisites
and Other Benefits 

The
Company provides its executive officers with various health and welfare programs and other employee benefits which are generally available
on the same cost-sharing basis to all of its employees. However, in keeping with the Company s policy of controlling costs in connection
with its profitability objectives, it does not provide any significant perquisites or other special benefits to its executive officers
including, but not limited to, payment of club memberships, fees associated with financial planning, executive dining rooms or special
transportation rights. The Company does not own an airplane and does not provide aircraft for executives for business or personal purposes. 

The
Company provides post-retirement healthcare benefits for certain executives and their spouses (who are within fifteen years of age of
the employee) who have reached normal retirement age. This coverage is secondary to Medicare. Coverage for spouses continues upon the
death of the employee. The maximum benefit under the plan is 100,000 per year per retiree. The combined loss on this plan was 3,000
and 12,000 during fiscal year 2022 and 2021, respectively, for all active and retired participants. 

The
Company paid life and disability insurance premiums on policies for John V. Simmons under which he is the named owner and beneficiary.
No further premiums are due on these policies. 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company currently does not have any employment agreements with any of its NEOs. However, on August 12, 2019, the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with Allan L. Bridgford, Sr., pursuant to which the Company has engaged Mr. Bridgford to provide consulting services
to the Company, which commenced effective October 30, 2021 upon his retirement from employment with the Company on October 29, 2021.
Under the terms of the consulting agreement, Mr. Bridgford will provide to the Company consulting services, including, but not limited
to, business development and strategic partnering, commencing on the date of his retirement and until such agreement is terminated by
either party upon at least thirty (30) days notice to the other party. Mr. Bridgford will be compensated at a rate of 20,833.33
per month and will be reimbursed for all reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred in rendering such services. Upon the retirement of
Raymond F. Lancy anticipated on February 1, 2023, the Company will enter into a consulting agreement to provide as needed consulting
services to the Company. 

Payments
Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control 

The
Company currently does not have any severance, change of control or similar agreements with any of its NEOs. Refer to the compensation
discussion below for information on pension, deferred compensation, and benefit-related payments payable in the event of a qualifying
event such as employment termination, disability, death, or sale/merger/acquisition. 

28 

Tax
and Accounting Implications 

The
Compensation Committee is responsible for considering the deductibility of executive compensation under Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code, which in fiscal year 2022 provided that it could not deduct compensation of more than 1,000,000 that is paid to its executive
officers. The Company believes that the compensation paid under the current management incentive programs is fully deductible for federal
income tax purposes. In certain situations, the Compensation Committee may approve compensation that will not meet the requirements for
deductibility in order to ensure competitive levels of compensation for its executives and to meet its obligations under the terms of
various incentive programs. However, the issue of deductibility has not come before the Compensation Committee in recent years and is
not expected to be a concern for the foreseeable future. 

S ummary
Compensation Table 

The
table below provides summary information concerning cash and certain other compensation paid to or accrued for the Company s NEOs
during fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Each of the NEOs named below were also members of the Executive Committee during the
referenced periods, which Committee acts in the capacity of Chief Executive Officer of the Company. See Compensation Discussion
and Analysis for further discussion of compensation arrangements pursuant to which the amounts listed in the table below were
paid or awarded and the criteria for such payment or award. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Base Salary( (1) 
 Bonus( 
 Stock Awards( (2) 
 Option Awards( (3) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation( (4) 
 Change in Pension Value and Non- Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings( (5) 
 All Other Compensation( (6) 
 Total( 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sr. Vice President 
 2021 
 148,525 
 ____- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 8,000 
 156,525 
 
 William L. Bridgford 
 2022 
 297,050 
 153,392 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,600 
 470,042 
 
 Vice President (formerly Chairman of the Board) 
 2021 
 297,050 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,600 
 316,650 
 
 John V. Simmons 
 2022 
 297,050 
 153,392 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,600 
 470,042 
 
 Vice President (formerly President) 
 2021 
 297,050 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 9,351 
 19,600 
 326,001 
 
 Raymond F. Lancy 
 2022 
 237,640 
 122,714 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,600 
 379,954 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 297,050 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,600 
 316,650 
 
 Michael W. Bridgford 
 2022 
 297,050 
 153,392 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,600 
 470,042 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Baron R. Bridgford II 
 2022 
 297,050 
 153,392 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 19,600 
 470,042 
 
 President 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Fiscal years 2022 and 2021
 were each 52 weeks. 
 
 (2) 
 The Company did not grant
 any stock awards to any of the NEOs during fiscal years 2022 or 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 The Company did not grant
 any option awards to any of the NEOs during fiscal years 2022 or 2021. 
 
 (4) 
 The Company did not utilize
 any non-equity incentive plans in order to pay compensation to its NEOs in fiscal years 2022 or 2021. While it is the Company s
 policy to provide each of the NEOs with an opportunity to earn cash bonuses that are correlated with the Company s financial
 performance, the payment of the bonuses is ultimately subject to the discretion of the Compensation Committee. See Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis Total Compensation for Executive Officers Discretionary Cash Bonuses. 
 
 (5) 
 This column includes the
 aggregate positive change in actuarial present value of each NEO s accumulated benefit under all defined benefit and supplemental
 pension plans. In accordance with SEC rules, to the extent the aggregate change in present value of all defined benefit and supplemental
 pension plans for a particular fiscal year would have been a negative amount, the amount has instead been reported as 0 and the
 aggregate compensation for the NEO in the Total column has not been adjusted to reflect the negative amount. In addition,
 to the extent that the change in present value of any particular defined benefit or supplemental pension plan for a particular year
 was a negative amount, the negative amount has not been used to offset the positive change in present value associated with the other
 applicable defined benefit or supplemental pension plans. The aggregate change in the present value of the non-qualified deferred
 compensation plan and pension and retirement benefits for the NEOs in fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was as follows: (i) for fiscal year
 2022, Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. (- 45,148), William L. Bridgford (- 238,754), John V. Simmons (- 212,407), and Raymond F. Lancy (- 156,832),
 and (ii) for fiscal year 2021, Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. (- 45,148), William L. Bridgford (- 47,388), John V. Simmons 9,351), and
 Raymond F. Lancy (- 32,336). 
 
 (6) 
 Consists of matching contributions
 of the Bridgford Foods Retirement Savings 401(k) plan made by the Company on behalf of each of the NEO s, except Allan L. Bridgford,
 Sr. and an 8,000 payment to offset the negative impacts arising from the cancellation of supplemental executive health benefits.
 In addition, in fiscal year 2021, the amounts included matching contributions to the Bridgford Foods Retirement Savings 401(k) plan
 made by the Company on behalf of each of the NEOs, except Allan L. Bridgford, Sr., and an 8,000 payment to offset the negative impacts
 arising from the cancellation of supplemental executive health benefits. 

29 

Narrative
to Summary Compensation Table 

See
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis for further discussion of compensation arrangements pursuant to which amounts listed
under the Summary Compensation Table were paid or awarded and the criteria for such payment or award. 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards 

There
were no stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units or equity or non-equity-based performance awards granted to the Company s
NEOs during fiscal years 2022 or 2021. The Company s 1999 Stock Incentive Plan expired by its own terms on April 29, 2009, and
no additional stock options or restricted stock may be granted thereunder. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There
were no outstanding options or stock awards held by any NEOs as of October 28, 2022. 

Option
Exercises and Stock Vested 

There
were no shares acquired upon the exercise of stock options or vesting of stock awards by any NEOs during fiscal years 2022 or 2021. 

Pension
Benefits 

The
tables below provide information concerning retirement plan benefits for each NEO and payments due upon certain termination scenarios. 

Retirement
Plan for Administrative and Sales Employees of Bridgford Foods Corporation 

Normal
Retirement : Benefits commence upon reaching the Normal Retirement Date , which is the first day of the month on or after
attainment of age 65. Pension benefit payments begin on the normal retirement date and continue until death. 

Early
Retirement : A participant may choose to retire up to ten years before the normal retirement date. If a participant retires early,
the accrued pension will be reduced by a percentage to reflect the longer period over which pension benefits will be received. If a participant
is married for at least one year and dies before retirement, a pension benefit will be payable to the surviving spouse for his or her
life, provided certain eligibility requirements have been met. 

Death
Benefits : Payments to a surviving spouse will begin on the first day of the month following a participant s death but not sooner
than the earliest date a participant could have elected to retire. 

Disability
Benefits : A disability benefit is the accrued pension credited to a participant as of the date of disability. 

The
years of credited service, present value of accumulated plan benefits and payments made during the fiscal year were as follows: 

For
the Fiscal Year ended October 28, 2022: 

Name 
 Number of Years 
 Credited Service 
 Present Value 
of Accumulated 
 Benefit (1) 
 Payments During 
 Fiscal Year 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. 
 52 
 633,669 
 88,661 
 
 William L. Bridgford 
 49 
 657,686 
 _ 
 
 John V. Simmons 
 43 
 565,012 
 _ 
 
 Raymond F. Lancy 
 30 
 447,623 
 _ 

(1) 
 The assumed discount rate
 used was 5.44 to compute the present value of the accumulated benefit. The Pri-2012 Total Dataset Mortality Table with MP- 2021
 Scaling was used and an expected return on assets of 7.00 was assumed. 

30 

For
the Fiscal Year ended October 29, 2021: 

Name 
 Number of Years Credited Service 
 Present Value of Accumulated Benefit (1) 
 Payments During Fiscal Year 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. 
 52 
 745,626 
 85,251 
 
 William L. Bridgford 
 48 
 896,440 

John V. Simmons 
 42 
 777,419 

Raymond F. Lancy 
 29 
 604,456 

(1) 
 The assumed discount rate
 used was 2.58 to compute the present value of the accumulated benefit. The Pri-2012 Total Dataset Mortality Table with MP-2020 Scaling
 was used and an expected return on assets of 7.00 was assumed. 

Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) 

Payment
of Retirement Benefit : All retirement, disability and death benefits shall be paid in monthly installments beginning on the commencement
date following the participant s retirement, disability or death and shall continue for a period of fifteen years. 

Normal
Retirement : Benefits commence upon reaching the Normal Retirement Date , which means the date on which the participant
has both attained age 65 and completed at least ten years of participation. SERP benefit payments begin at the normal retirement date
or later depending on the election of the participant. 

Early
Retirement : A participant may choose to retire up to ten years before the normal retirement date if the participant has completed
at least five years of participation. If a participant retires early, the SERP benefit will be determined based on the vested percentage
attained as the time of retirement. 

Death
Benefits : If a participant dies prior to having commenced receipt of benefits and is eligible for benefits hereunder, the participant s
beneficiary shall be entitled to receive an annual death benefit equal to the Normal Retirement Benefit determined as if the participant
attained Normal Retirement Age on the date of his death, or, if after the Participant s Normal Retirement Date, equal to the Late
Retirement Benefit. If a participant dies after having commenced receipt of benefits, benefits shall continue to be paid but to the Participant s
Beneficiary at the same time and in the same form as the benefits would have been payable to the participant. No benefit will be payable
to a participant s beneficiary if the participant terminates employment with the Company before he is eligible for a retirement
benefit and thereafter dies. 

Disability
Benefits : A disability benefit is the vested percentage of SERP benefit credited to a participant as of the date of disability. 

The
present value of accumulated plan benefits and payments made during the fiscal year were as follows: 

For
the Fiscal Year ended October 28, 2022: 

Name 
 Present
 Value of Accumulated 
Benefit (1) 
 Payments During Last Fiscal Year 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. 
 _ 
 _ 
 
 William L. Bridgford 
 2,074,456 
 _ 
 
 John V. Simmons 
 _ 
 _ 
 
 Raymond F. Lancy 
 2,074,456 
 _ 

(1) 
 A 5.44 discount rate was
 used to compute the present values. 

For
the Fiscal Year ended October 29, 2021: 

Name 
 Present
 Value of Accumulated Benefit (1) 
 Payments During Last Fiscal Year 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. 

William L. Bridgford 
 2,496,035 

John V. Simmons 

Raymond F. Lancy 
 2,496,035 

(1) 
 A 2.58 discount rate was
 used to compute the present values. 

31 

The
following table estimates the present value of SERP benefits under different employment termination scenarios as of October 28, 2022: 

Name 
 Present Value of Benefit Upon Voluntary Termination of Employment (1) 
 Present Value of Benefit if Disabled (1) 
 Present Value of Benefit Upon Death (1) 
 Present Value of Benefit Upon Involuntary Termination of Employment due to Sale/Merger/ Acquisition (1) 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. 
 _ 
 _ 
 _ 
 _ 
 
 William L. Bridgford (2) 
 2,074,456 
 2,074,456 
 2,074,456 
 2,074,456 
 
 John V. Simmons 
 _ 
 _ 
 _ 
 _ 
 
 Raymond F. Lancy (2) 
 2,074,456 
 2,074,456 
 2,074,456 
 2,074,456 

(1) 
 In each scenario above,
 the benefit amount shown is calculated on October 28, 2022. A 5.44 discount rate was used to compute the present values. In the
 case of a voluntary termination, the participant shall be entitled to the vested portion of any such early retirement benefit but
 shall not commence receipt of such early retirement benefit until the commencement date following the date the participant would
 have attained the early retirement date had the participant remained employed by the Company. Upon a finding that the participant
 (or, after the participant s death, a beneficiary) has suffered an unforeseeable emergency, the Committee may at the request
 of the participant or beneficiary, and subject to compliance with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, accelerate distribution of
 benefits under the SERP in the amount reasonably necessary to alleviate such unforeseeable emergency. 

(2) 
 Death benefits for William
 L. Bridgford and Raymond F. Lancy are paid in the form of a monthly annuity. The actual payment amount for William L. Bridgford and
 Raymond F. Lancy would be determined using a discount rate similar to the rate required for qualified plans. The rate assumed for
 these estimates is 5.44 . 

The
following table estimates future SERP payments under different termination scenarios as of October 28, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Payment
 Upon 
 Voluntary
 Termination 
 of
 Employment 
 
 Payment
 if 
 Disabled
 (1) 
 
 Death
 Benefit 
 from
 Plan (2) 
 
 Involuntary 
 Termination
 of 
 Employment
 Due 
 to
 Sale/Merger/ 
 Acquisition 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. 

William L. Bridgford 
 
 16,666.67 per month for
 180 months beginning on 10/28/22 
 
 16,666.67 per month for
 180 months commencing after disability 
 
 16,666.67 per month for
 180 months beginning just after death 
 
 Lump Sum payment due at
 termination of 2,074,456 
 
 John V. Simmons 

Raymond F. Lancy 
 
 16,666.67 per month for
 180 months beginning on 10/28/22 
 
 16,666.67 per month for
 180 months commencing after disability 
 
 16,666.67 per month for
 180 months beginning just after death 
 
 Lump Sum payment due at
 termination of 2,074,456 

(1) 
 Disability amount is decreased
 by any Company paid disability insurance policies, Social Security disability benefits, or other Federal or State disability programs.
 In the case of a voluntary termination, the participant shall be entitled to the vested portion of any such early retirement benefit
 but shall not commence receipt of such early retirement benefit until the commencement date following the date the participant would
 have attained the early retirement date had the participant remained employed by the Company. Upon a finding that the participant
 (or, after the participant s death, a beneficiary) has suffered an unforeseeable emergency, the Committee may at the request
 of the participant or beneficiary, and subject to compliance with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, accelerate distribution of
 benefits under the SERP in the amount reasonably necessary to alleviate such unforeseeable emergency. 

(2) 
 Assumes death on October
 28, 2022. The discount rate used to calculate the lump sum amount is 5.44 . 

See
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Total Compensation for Executive Officers Pension and Retirement Benefits 
for further discussion of the pension benefits contained in the tables above. 

32 

Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation 

The
table below provides information concerning deferred compensation plan benefits for each NEO during the fiscal year ended October 28,
2022. 

Name 
 Executive Contributions in Fiscal Year 
 Company Contributions in Fiscal Year 
 Aggregate Earnings in Fiscal Year 
 Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions 
 Aggregate Balance at Fiscal Year End 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford 

William L. Bridgford 

John V. Simmons 

Raymond F. Lancy 

The
table below provides information concerning deferred compensation plan benefits for each NEO during the fiscal year ended October 29,
2021. 

Name 
 Executive Contributions in Fiscal Year 
 Company Contributions in Fiscal Year 
 Aggregate Earnings in Fiscal Year 
 Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions 
 Aggregate Balance at Fiscal Year End 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford 

William L. Bridgford 

John V. Simmons 

Raymond F. Lancy 

The
following table estimates the present value of non-qualified deferred compensation benefits under different employment termination scenarios
as of October 28, 2022: 

Name 
 Present Value of Benefit at Termination of Employment 
 Present Value of Benefit if Disabled 
 Present Value of Benefit Upon Death 
 Present Value of Benefit Upon Involuntary Termination of Employment Due to Sale/Merger/ Acquisition 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford 

William L. Bridgford 

John V. Simmons 

Raymond F. Lancy 

The
deferred compensation amounts are calculated using a crediting rate equal to Moody s Average Seasoned Bond Rate, plus 2 . This
rate is subject to fluctuation. Upon death, the deferred compensation benefits are paid in a lump sum equal to the individual s
remaining account balance. 

See
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Total Compensation for Executive Officers Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 
for further discussion of the non-qualified deferred compensation benefits contained in the tables above. 

33 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table summarizes the total compensation paid and accrued by the Company to directors who were not employees during fiscal year
2022. Directors who were employees did not receive any additional compensation for their services as directors. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Todd C. Andrews 
 27,200 

27,200 
 
 Keith A. Ross 
 20,540 

4,960 (1) 
 25,500 
 
 D. Gregory Scott 
 24,620 

24,620 
 
 Mary Schott 
 30,130 

30,130 

(1) 
 Consists of 4,960 paid
 to Keith A. Ross for consulting services rendered to the Company. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence for further details. 

Narrative
to Director Compensation Table 

The
Company uses cash compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on its Board of Directors. In setting director compensation,
the Compensation Committee considers the demands that have been placed and will continue to be placed on the directors and the skill-level
required by its directors. In addition, as with the Company s executive officers, compensation decisions for directors are made
in the context of the Company s focus on controlling costs and increasing profitability. 

The
directors are not paid an annual retainer for their service on the Board. Instead, each non-employee director was paid 2,480 for each
of the first two Board meetings attended during fiscal year 2022 and 2,580 for each subsequent Board meeting attended in fiscal year
2022. Members of the Audit Committee were paid 350 to 550 for each Audit Committee meeting attended in fiscal year 2022 depending on
the length of the meeting. Directors were not paid any additional compensation for their service on the Nominating Committee in fiscal
year 2022. 

34 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information known to the Company with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company s common
stock as of January 26, 2023, by each shareholder known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s
common stock, by each director and nominee for director, by each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table and by all
executive officers and directors as a group. The information as to each person or entity has been furnished by such person or group. 

Amount
and Nature of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Name
and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Sole Voting and Investment Power 
 Shared Voting and Investment Power (2) 
 Total Beneficially Owned (3) 
 Percentage of Outstanding Shares Beneficially Owned (3) 
 
 Bridgford Industries Incorporated 1707 Good-Latimer Expressway Dallas, TX 75226 
 7,156,396 
 
 7,156,396 
 78.8 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. 
 155,882 
 7,156,396 
 7,312,278 
 80.6 
 
 Baron R.H. Bridgford 
 1,654 
 7,156,396 
 7,158,050 
 78.9 
 
 William L. Bridgford 
 7,461 
 7,156,396 
 7,163,857 
 78.9 
 
 Michael W. Bridgford 
 
 7,156,396 
 7,156,396 
 78.8 
 
 Baron R.H. Bridgford II 
 
 7,156,396 
 7,156,396 
 78.8 
 
 Raymond F. Lancy 
 242 
 
 242 

John V. Simmons 
 363 
 
 363 

Todd C. Andrews 
 200 
 
 200 

D. Gregory Scott 
 4,246 
 
 4,246 

Keith A. Ross 

Mary Schott 

All directors and executive officers as a group (11 persons) 
 7,326,444 
 7,156,396 
 7,326,444 
 80.7 

Represents ownership of
 less than one percent (1 of the outstanding shares. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise indicated,
 the address of such beneficial owner is the Company s principal executive offices, which are located at 1707 South Good-Latimer
 Expressway, Dallas, Texas 75226. 

(2) 
 Represents shares beneficially
 owned by Bridgford Industries Incorporated, a Delaware corporation BII as reported on Amendment No. 1 to Schedule
 13D filed with the SEC on February 7, 2017. Other than ownership of these shares, BII does not presently have any significant business
 or assets. Allan L. Bridgford, Sr., William L. Bridgford, Baron R.H. Bridgford, Michael W. Bridgford and Baron R.H. Bridgford II
 presently own 18.47 , 7.77 , 9.34 , 0.58 and 0.60 , respectively, of the outstanding voting capital stock of BII. The remaining
 shares of BII capital stock are owned of record, or beneficially, by 32 additional members of the Bridgford family. The officers
 of BII jointly vote all of the Company s shares held by BII. 

(3) 
 Applicable percentage of
 ownership as of January 26, 2023, is based upon 9,076,832 shares of common stock outstanding. Beneficial ownership is determined
 in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and investment power with respect to shares shown as beneficially owned.
 Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to community property laws where applicable, to the knowledge of the Company the persons
 listed above have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Not
applicable, as we do not have any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

35 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 

Related
Transactions 

The
Company s general legal counsel is the son of Allan L. Bridgford, Sr. For his legal counsel, he currently is paid a fee of 2,580
for each Board of Directors meeting attended. Total fees paid for attending Board of Directors meetings were 28,180 in fiscal year 2022
and 27,280 in fiscal year 2021. In addition, legal services are performed on behalf of the Company and billed by a firm in which he
is a partner. Total fees billed for legal services under this arrangement for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were approximately 87,000
and 170,500, respectively. 

Former
director Allan L. Bridgford, Jr., son of Allan L. Bridgford, Sr., is providing consulting services to the Chicago plant and management.
The contract on behalf of the Company with Allan L. Bridgford, Jr. is for consulting services at 1,200 per day. Total fees billed under
this arrangement were approximately 100,800 in fiscal year 2022 and 191,000 in fiscal year 2021. Under an arrangement with Allan L.
Bridgford, Jr., we accrued 100,800 in profit sharing for fiscal year 2022 and we did not accrue any profit sharing in fiscal year 2021
due to a net loss. 

Director
Keith A. Ross provides real-estate consulting services to the Board and management. Fees of approximately 4,960 and 5,375 were paid
for consulting services in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. In connection with the closing of the sale of the Green Street Property,
the Company paid 300 to KR6, Inc., an entity controlled by Keith Ross (a member of the Company s Board of Directors). 

Other
than the relationships noted above, the Company is not aware of any related party transactions that would require disclosure as a related
party transaction under SEC rules. 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions With Related Persons 

The
Company s executive officers, directors, nominees for directors and principal shareholders, including their immediate family members
and affiliates, are prohibited from entering into related party transactions with the Company that would be reportable under Item 404
of Regulation S-K without the prior approval of its Audit Committee (or other independent committee of the Board of Directors in cases
where it is inappropriate for the Audit Committee to review such transaction due to a conflict of interest). Any request for the Company
to enter into a transaction with an executive officer, director, or nominee for director, principal shareholder or any of such persons 
immediate family members or affiliates that would be reportable under Item 404 of Regulation S-K must first be presented to the Audit
Committee for review, consideration and approval. In approving or rejecting the proposed agreement, the Audit Committee will consider
the relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant, including but not limited to, the risks, costs, and benefits to the
Company, the terms of the transactions, the availability of other sources for comparable services or products, and, if applicable, the
impact on director independence. The Audit Committee shall only approve those agreements that, in light of known circumstances, are in
or are not inconsistent with the Company s best interests, as determined in good faith by the Audit Committee (or other independent
committee, as applicable). The requirement for the Audit Committee to review related-party transactions (defined as those transactions
required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K) is set forth in the Amended and Restated Audit Committee Charter, which was
approved on October 11, 2021. 

Director
Independence 

The
Company is considered a controlled company within the meaning of Rule 5615(c)(1) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules based on the
approximate 80 beneficial ownership of its outstanding common stock by Bridgford Industries Incorporated and are therefore exempted
from various NASDAQ Listing Rules pertaining to certain independence requirements of its directors. Nevertheless, the Board
of Directors has determined that Messrs. Andrews and Scott, and Ms. Schott who together comprise the Audit Committee and the Compensation
Committee, are all independent directors within the meaning of Rule 5605 of the NASDAQ Listing Rules. Additionally, based
on its status as a controlled company, the Company is not required to have a Nominating Committee comprised solely of independent
directors. Rather, the full Board fulfills the role of Nominating Committee and identifies and screens new candidates for Board membership.
Nevertheless, actions of the Board, in its role as Nominating Committee, can be taken only with the affirmative vote of a majority of
the independent directors on the Board, as defined by the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Audit
Fees 

Fees
charged by Baker Tilly for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and the review of the financial statements included
in the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were approximately 212,000 and 221,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

Audit-related
fees typically consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services
may include consultations related to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.
There were no audit-related fees billed by Baker Tilly for fiscal year 2022 or fiscal year 2021. 

36 

Tax
Fees 

Tax
fees are comprised of services that include assistance related to state tax compliance services and consultations regarding federal and
state research and development tax credits. No fees were billed by Baker Tilly for tax consulting during fiscal year 2022 or fiscal year
2021. 

All
Other Fees 

All
other fees are comprised of fees for initial planning for certification of internal controls over financial reporting. No such fees were
billed by Baker Tilly for fiscal year 2022 or fiscal year 2021. 

POLICY
ON AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF AUDIT SERVICES AND PERMISSIBLE NON-AUDIT 

 SERVICES
OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS 

The
Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent registered
public accountants. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. During fiscal
years 2022 and 2021, the Audit Committee approved all such services rendered by its independent registered public accountants. For audit
services, the independent registered public accountants provide the Audit Committee with an audit plan including proposed fees in advance
of the annual audit. The Audit Committee approves the plan and fees for the audit. 

For
non-audit services, the Company s senior management will submit from time to time to the Audit Committee for approval non-audit
services that it recommends the Audit Committee engage the independent registered public accountants to provide during the fiscal year.
The Company s senior management and the independent registered public accountants will each confirm to the Audit Committee that
each non-audit service is permissible under all applicable legal requirements. A budget, estimating non-audit service spending for the
fiscal year, will be provided to the Audit Committee along with the request. The Audit Committee must approve both permissible non-audit
services and the budget for such services. 

37 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1)
 Financial Statements . The following documents are filed as a part of this Report: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 41 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021 
 43 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for years ended October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021 
 44 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for years ended October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021 
 45 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for years ended October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021 
 46 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021 
 47 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 48 

(2)
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Not
applicable for a smaller reporting company. 

(3)
 Exhibits 

(a)
 The exhibits below are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference . 

Incorporated
 by Reference 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended. 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-02396 
 
 3.4 
 
 01/18/19 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 
 10-K/A 
 
 000-02396 
 
 3.7 
 
 02/09/18 

4.1 
 
 Description of Capital Stock of the Registrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-02396 
 
 4.1 
 
 01/15/21 

10.1 
 
 Bridgford Foods Corporation Defined Benefit Pension Plan. 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-02396 
 
 10.1 
 
 01/18/19 

10.2 
 
 Bridgford Foods Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan. 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-02396 
 
 10.2 
 
 01/18/19 

10.3 
 
 Bridgford Foods Corporation Deferred Compensation Savings Plan. 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-02396 
 
 10.3 
 
 01/18/19 

10.4 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated August 12, 2019, between the Registrant and Allan L. Bridgford Sr. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-02396 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/16/19 

10.5 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated March 16, 2020 between Bridgford Foods Processing Corporation and CRG Acquisition, LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-02396 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/19/20 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-02396 
 
 21.1 
 
 01/15/21 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included as part of the signature page). 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Executive Officer). 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Principal Financial Officer). 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document contained in Exhibit 101). 

Each of these
 Exhibits constitutes a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BRIDGFORD FOODS CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ MICHAEL
 W. BRIDGFORD 

Michael W. Bridgford 

Chairman of the Board 

Date:
January 26, 2023 

39 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

We,
the undersigned directors and officers of Bridgford Foods Corporation, do hereby constitute and appoint Michael W. Bridgford and Raymond
F. Lancy, or either of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, our true and lawful attorneys and agents, to do any
and all acts and things in our name and behalf in our capacities as directors and officers and to execute any and all instruments for
us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, which said attorneys and agents, or either of them, or their substitutes, may
deem necessary or advisable to enable said corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules,
regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including
specifically, but without limitation, power and authority to sign for us or any of us in our names and in the capacities indicated below,
any and all amendments; and we do hereby ratify and confirm all that the said attorneys and agents, or either of them, shall do or cause
to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ MICHAEL
 W. BRIDGFORD. 
 
 Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 Michael W. Bridgford 

/s/ CINDY
 MATTHEWS-MORALES 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 Cindy Matthews-Morales 

/s/ RAYMOND
 F. LANCY 
 
 Vice President, Treasurer and Director 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 Raymond F. Lancy 

/s/ BARON
 R. H. BRIDGFORD II 
 
 President 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 Baron R. H. Bridgford II 

/s/ ALLAN
 L. BRIDGFORD SR. 
 
 Director 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 Allan L. Bridgford Sr. 

/s/ WILLIAM
 L. BRIDGFORD 
 
 Vice President and Director 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 William L. Bridgford 

/s/ JOHN
 V. SIMMONS 
 
 Vice President and Director 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 John V. Simmons 

/s/ TODD
 C. ANDREWS 
 
 Director 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 Todd C. Andrews 

/s/ D.
 GREGORY SCOTT 
 
 Director 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 D. Gregory Scott 

/s/ KEITH
 A. ROSS 
 
 Director 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 Keith A. Ross 

/s/ MARY
 SCHOTT 
 
 Director 
 
 January 26, 2023 
 
 Mary Schott 

40 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Bridgford Foods Corporation 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bridgford Foods Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders 
equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two
years in the periods ended October 28, 2022 and October 29, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken
as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter
or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Net
Revenue - Reserves for Promotional Allowances 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, contracts with customers often include some form of variable consideration
in the form of discounts, trade allowances, consumer incentives, coupons, volume-based incentives, cooperative advertising, product returns
and other such programs. Promotional allowances are treated as a reduction in revenue when the related revenue is recognized and are
recorded at the net estimated to be received, with updates to estimates and related accruals of promotional allowances occurring each
period based on historical experience and changes in circumstances. 

We
identified the estimation of reserves for promotional allowances by management as a critical audit matter because the inputs and assumptions
utilized by management in estimating these reserves, including consistency of historical data and contract pricing, require significant
judgment and create a high degree of estimation uncertainty. Consequently, auditing these assumptions requires subjective auditor judgment. 

41 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Obtaining
 an understanding of management s processes and controls over calculating the reserves for promotional allowances, including
 understanding relevant significant inputs and assumptions. 

Performing
 substantive analytical procedures surrounding the reserves for promotional allowances by performing an independent calculation of
 the allowance by using historical data and assumptions. 

Evaluating
 the reasonableness of key inputs and assumptions relevant to the reserve for promotional allowances, including contractual pricing
 and rebate arrangements with customers and historical allowance data, which were compared to source documents, and performed sensitivity
 analysis over key inputs and significant assumptions. 

Testing
 the accuracy, completeness, validity of the underlying data used in schedules calculating the reserve for promotional allowances. 

We
 considered transactions submitted by customers subsequent to year end up to the date of our auditor s opinion. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. 

/s/ 

January 26, 2023 

42 

BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 October
28, 2022 and October 29, 2021 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 
 
 Restricted cash 
 - 

Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively, and promotional allowances of and , respectively 

Inventories, net 

Refundable income taxes 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and , respectively 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll, advertising and other expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Current notes payable equipment (Note 5) 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term notes payable equipment, bridge loan and revolving credit facility (Note 5) 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Contingencies and commitments (Notes 3, 5 and 6) 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders equity: 

Preferred stock, without par value; Authorized - shares; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; Authorized - shares; issued and outstanding shares 

Capital in excess of par value 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

43 

BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For
the fiscal years ended October 28, 2022 and October 29, 2021 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

October 28, 2022 
 October 29, 2021 

(52 Weeks) 
 (52 Weeks) 

Net sales 

Cost of products sold 

Gross margin 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Operating income (loss) 

Other (expense) income 

Interest expense 

Cash surrender value (loss) gain 

Total other (expense) income 

Income (loss) before taxes 

Provision for (benefit on) income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

Shares used to compute basic earnings (loss) per share 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

44 

BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 For
the fiscal years ended October 28, 2022 and October 29, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

October 28, 2022 
 October 29, 2021 

(52 Weeks) 
 (52 Weeks) 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income from defined benefit plans 

Other postretirement benefit plans: 

Actuarial gain 

Other comprehensive income from other postretirement benefit plans, net 

Other comprehensive income, before taxes 

Tax benefit on other comprehensive income 

Change in other comprehensive income, net of tax 

Comprehensive income, net of tax 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

45 

BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the fiscal years ended October 28, 2022 and October 29, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital
 in excess
 of par
 value 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Total shareholders equity 
 
 Balance,
 October 30, 2020 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 change in defined benefit plans and other benefit plans, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 October 29, 2021 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 income (loss) 
 - 

- 

Net
 change in defined benefit plans and other benefit plans, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance,
 October 28, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

46 

BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the fiscal years ended October 28, 2022 and October 29, 2021 

 (in
thousands) 

October 28, 2022 
 October 29, 2021 

(52 Weeks) 
 (52 Weeks) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for losses on accounts receivable 

(Reduction in) provision for promotional allowances 

Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Refundable income taxes 

Other non-current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll, advertising and other expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Current portion of non-current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Changes in escrow balance 
 - 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payment of capital lease obligations 

Proceeds from bank borrowings 

Repayments of bank borrowings 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash information: 

Repayment of equipment loans with bridge loan (see Note 5) 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

47 

BRIDGFORD
FOODS CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands except share and per share amounts, time periods, ratios and percentages) 

and as of October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021, respectively. 

of revenues in fiscal year 2022 and of total accounts receivable was due from Wal-Mart as
of October 28, 2022. Sales to Wal-Mart comprised of revenues in fiscal year 2021 and of total accounts receivable was
due from Wal-Mart as of October 29, 2021. The increase in accounts receivable from Wal-Mart as of October 28, 2022 versus October
29, 2021 is attributable to the Company no longer accelerating payments from Wal-Mart . Sales to Dollar General comprised 
of revenues in fiscal year 2022 and of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General as of October 28, 2022. Sales
to Dollar General comprised of revenues in fiscal year 2021 and of total accounts receivable was due from Dollar General 
as of October 29, 2021. 

and 
for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. Shipping and handling that occurs after the customer has obtained control of the product is recorded as a fulfillment
cost rather than an additional assured service. Costs paid to third party brokers to obtain contracts are recognized as part of selling
expenses. Other sundry items in context of the contract are also recognized as selling expense. Any taxes collected on behalf of the
government are excluded from net revenue. 

We
record revenue at the transaction price which is measured as the amount of consideration we anticipate to receive in exchange for providing
product to our customers. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated or known amounts
including variable consideration for discounts, trade allowances, consumer incentives, coupons, volume-based incentives, cooperative
advertising, product returns and other such programs. Promotional allowances, including customer incentive and trade promotion activities,
are recorded as a reduction to sales based on amounts estimated being due to customers, based primarily on historical utilization and
redemption rates. Estimates are reviewed regularly until incentives or product returns are realized and the result of any such adjustments
are known. Promotional allowances deducted from sales for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

as of October 28, 2022. As of October 29, 2021, the Company had a book overdraft
of . The book overdraft was recorded as a liability in accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. All cash and cash equivalents
balance as of October 28, 2022, were held at Wells Fargo Bank N.A. 

restricted cash as of October 28, 2022 and had of restricted cash as of October 29, 2021. 

and
 at October 28, 2022 and October 29, 2021, respectively, after determining that the market value on some meat products was less
than the costs associated with completion and sale of the product. 

to years for buildings and improvements, to years for machinery and
equipment, and to years for transportation equipment. We built a processing plant from the ground up and as such have attributed
long useful lives accordingly to these types of assets employed at the new facility in Chicago. for fiscal year 2022, all of which was recorded as interest expense in relation to the construction of the new facility in Chicago. 

such expense was recognized in fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Inventories,
 net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Receivable on life insurance 
 - 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid other 

Prepaid
 expense current 

Property, plant and equipment, net: 

Land 

Buildings and improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Asset impairment 

Capital leased trucks 

Transportation equipment 

Right of use assets 

Construction in process 

Property, plant and equipment,
 gross 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property,
 plant and equipment, net 

Other non-current assets: 

Cash surrender value benefits 

Other 

Other
 non-current assets 

Accrued payroll, advertising, and other expenses: 

Payroll, vacation, payroll taxes and employee benefits 

Accrued advertising and broker commissions 

Property taxes 

Other 

Accrued
 payroll, advertising, and other expenses 

Current portion of non-current liabilities (Notes 3 and 6): 

Executive retirement plans 

Incentive compensation 

Capital lease obligation 

Customer deposits and escrow 

Right-of-use leases 

Deferred payroll taxes current 

Postretirement healthcare benefits 

Other
 current portion of non-current liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities (Note 3): 

Defined benefit retirement plan 

Executive retirement plans 

Incentive compensation 

Capital lease obligation 

Right-of-use leases 

Deferred payroll taxes non-current 
 - 

Postretirement healthcare benefits 

Other
 non-current liabilities 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

Amortization of unrecognized loss 

Net pension (income) cost 

Net
pension costs and benefit obligations are determined using assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year. 

Rate of increase in salary levels 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Expected return on plan assets 

Actual return on plans assets 

Benefits paid 

Fair value of plans assets - end of year 

Change in benefit obligations: 

Benefit obligations - beginning of year 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial loss (gain) 

Benefits paid 

Benefit obligations - end of year 

Funded status of the plans 

Unrecognized net actuarial loss 

Net amount recognized 

We
perform an internal rate of return analysis when making the discount rate selection. The discount rates were based on FTSE Pension Discount
Curve (formerly Citibank) as of October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021, respectively. 

The
plans assets are primarily invested in marketable equity securities, corporate and government debt securities and are administered
by an investment management company. The plans long-term return on assets is based on the weighted average of the plans 
investment allocation as of the measurement date and the published historical returns for those types of asset categories, taking into
consideration inflation rate forecasts. No expected employer contribution to the plans in fiscal year 2023 is planned. 

For
fiscal year 2022, our actuary used mortality tables from the Pri-2012 Total Dataset Mortality Table with MP-2021 Scaling. The expected
rate of return on the plans assets remained the same at effective for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Mid Cap Equities 

Small Cap Equities 

International (equities only) 

Fixed Income 

Cash and other 

Total 

- 
 - 

The
fair value of our pension plan assets as of October 29, 2021, and the level under which fair values were determined, using the hierarchy
described in Note 1, is as follows: 

2021 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 

Total plan assets 
 
 - 
 - 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027-2031 

Executive
Retirement Plans 

Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation 

Effective
January 1, 1991, we adopted a deferred compensation savings plan for certain key employees. Under this arrangement, selected employees
contribute a portion of their annual compensation to the plan. We contribute an amount to each participant s account by computing
an investment return equal to Moody s Average Seasoned Bond Rate plus . Employees receive vested amounts upon death, termination,
or attainment of retirement age. benefit expense was recorded under this plan for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan 

Retirement
benefits otherwise available to certain key executives under the Primary Benefit Plan have been limited by the effects of the Tax Equity
and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 TEFRA and the Tax Reform Act of 1986 TRA ). To offset the loss of
retirement benefits associated with TEFRA and TRA, the Company has adopted a non-qualified makeup benefit plan (the Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan ). Benefits will be provided under the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan in an amount equal to 
of each participant s final average earnings minus any pension benefits and primary insurance amounts available to them under Social
Security. However, in all cases the benefits are capped at per year for Allan L. Bridgford. Benefits provided under this plan
for William L. Bridgford, and Raymond F. Lancy are calculated at of final average earnings, capped at per year, without
offsets for other pension or Social Security benefits. 

Benefits
payable related to these plans and included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements were and as of October
28, 2022, and October 29, 2021, respectively. In connection with these arrangements, we are the beneficiary of life insurance policies
on the lives of certain key employees and retirees. The aggregate cash surrender value of these policies, included in non-current assets,
was and as of October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

Incentive
Compensation Plan for Certain Key Executives 

We
provide an incentive compensation plan for certain key executives, which is based upon our pretax income. The payment of these amounts
is generally deferred over three or five -year periods. The total amount payable related to this arrangement was and as
of October 28, 2022, and October 29, 2021, respectively. Future payments are approximately , , , , and for fiscal
years 2023 through 2027, respectively. 

Postretirement
Healthcare Benefits for Selected Executive Employees 

We
provide postretirement health care benefits for selected executive employees. Net periodic postretirement healthcare (benefit) cost is
determined using assumptions as of the beginning of each fiscal year, except for the total actual benefit payments and the discount rate
used to develop the net periodic postretirement benefit expense, which is determined at the end of the fiscal year. 

Amortization of actuarial gain 

Net periodic postretirement healthcare cost 

Medical trend rate next year 

Ultimate trend rate 

Year ultimate trend rate is achieved 

Accumulated postretirement healthcare obligation 

Accumulated postretirement healthcare obligation 

Interest cost 

Actuarial gain 

Benefits paid 

Healthcare obligation end of year 

Funded status of the plans 

Unrecognized net actuarial gain 

Unrecognized amounts recorded in other comprehensive income 

Postretirement healthcare liability 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027-2031 

401(K)
Plan for Sales, Administrative, Supervisory and Certain Other Employees 

During
the fiscal year ended November 3, 2006, we implemented a qualified 401(K) retirement plan (the 401K Plan for our sales,
administrative, supervisory, and certain other employees. During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we made total employer contributions to
the 401K Plan in the amounts of and , respectively. 

State 

Federal and State
 Tax Expense Benefit 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Deferred Federal
 and State Tax Expense Benefit 

Provision (benefit)
 for income taxes 

Increase in provision resulting from state income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 

Non-taxable life insurance loss (gain) 

Other, net 

Provision for (benefit on) income taxes 

Returns allowance 

Inventory packaging reserve 

Inventory overhead capitalization 

Employee benefits 

Deferred payroll tax 
 - 

Other 

State taxes payable (receivable) 

Incentive compensation 

Pension and health care benefits 

Depreciation 

Net operating loss carry-forward and credits 

Valuation allowance established against state NOL 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Management
is required to evaluate whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred tax assets based on the consideration
of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon taxable
income in prior carryback years, estimates of future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and reversals of existing taxable temporary
differences. 

Management
is required to evaluate whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred tax assets based on the consideration
of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon taxable
income in prior carryback years, estimates of future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and reversals of existing taxable temporary
differences. 

As
of October 28, 2022, the Company did not have any valuation allowance against its federal net deferred tax assets. Management reevaluated
the need for a valuation allowance at the end of 2021 and determined that some of its California NOL may not be utilized. Therefore,
a valuation allowance of has been retained for such portion of the California NOL. 

As
of October 28, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately for federal and for state purposes.
The federal loss will be carried forward indefinitely until it can be utilized against future taxable income. 

. 

In
July 2006, the FASB issued guidance to clarify the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial
statements. This interpretation prescribed a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition
and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The guidance also discussed derecognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. The cumulative effect, if any, of applying this guidance
is to be reported as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the year of adoption. The provisions of this guidance
have been incorporated into ASC 740-10. 

As
of October 28, 2022, we have provided a liability of to unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax
matters. of this liability will reduce our effective income tax rate if the asset is recognized in future reporting periods. We have
not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits. 

As
of October 29, 2021, we have provided a liability of to unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax
matters. None of this liability will reduce our effective income tax rate if the asset is recognized in future reporting periods. We
have not identified any new unrecognized tax benefits. 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 
 
 - 
 
 Additions for tax positions of prior years 
 - 

Balance at end of year 

We
recognize any future accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of October 28, 2022,
we had approximately in accrued interest and penalties which is included as a component of the unrecognized tax benefit noted
above. 

Our
federal income tax returns are open to audit under the statute of limitations for the years ended October 31, 2019 through 2021. 

We
are subject to income tax in California and various other state taxing jurisdictions. Our state income tax returns are open to audit
under the statute of limitations for the years ended October 31, 2018 through 2021. 

We
do not anticipate a significant change to the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

, the CARES Act allows NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017
and before January 1, 2021 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income
taxes. The Company has filed a federal income tax return for tax year 2018 (fiscal year 2019) and has carried back a taxable loss of
 to tax years 2014 (fiscal year 2015) and 2015 (fiscal year 2016). Furthermore, the Company also carried back of net operating
loss from 2019 (fiscal year 2020) against any remaining taxable income of tax year 2015 (fiscal year 2016) and taxable income of tax
years 2016 (fiscal year 2017) and 2017 (fiscal year 2018). The carryback of net operating losses will also release of research 
development credits, which will become available for utilization in future years. 

due to the difference in income tax rates. The release of
research and development credits has generated an income tax benefit of . These income tax benefits have been recorded in the income
tax provision for current fiscal year 2020 . 

The
effective tax rate was and for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective tax rate for fiscal year 2021 was
impacted by the rate differential on NOL carryback available under the CARES Act discussed in the paragraphs above. In addition, the
effective tax rates for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were impacted by such items as non-deductible meals and entertainment, non-taxable
gains and losses on life insurance policies and state income taxes. 

Equipment notes: 

note due , out of lockout 12/23/21 
 - 

note due , out of lockout 03/06/22 
 - 

note due , out of lockout 04/17/22 

SOFR plus bridge loan due 
 - 

Total debt 

Less current debt 

Total long-term debt 

Revolving
Credit Facility 

We
maintain a revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. that extends through . As of year-end October 29, 2021,
under the terms of this line of credit, we could borrow up to at an interest rate equal to the bank s prime rate or LIBOR
plus . The line of credit has an unused commitment fee of of the available loan amount. The line of credit is presented under
non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. On December 1, 2021, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. expanded our line of credit to
 through June 15, 2022, at which time the credit limit returned to for the balance of the term. Under the terms of this
line of credit, we may borrow up to at an interest rate equal to the bank s prime rate or secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus . The former benchmark interest rate of LIBOR for our line of credit has been transitioned to SOFR which
could impact the cost of credit and alter the value of debt and loans. We borrowed under this line of credit on December 2, 2020,
 on April 27, 2021, on July 1, 2021, on July 19, 2021, on October 15, 2021, on November 1, 2021, and
 on December 26, 2021, and on January 24, 2022, for a combined total of . The revolving line of credit with Wells
Fargo Bank, N.A. was paid off on June 7, 2022, using in proceeds from the sale of a land parcel in Chicago. 

Equipment
Notes Payable 

On
December 26, 2018, we entered into a master collateral loan and security agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the Original Wells
Fargo Loan Agreement for up to in equipment financing which was amended and expanded as detailed below. We subsequently
entered into additional master collateral loan and security agreements with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. on each of; April 18, 2019, December
19, 2019, March 5, 2020, and April 17, 2020 (the Original Wells Fargo Loan Agreement and the subsequent agreements collectively referred
to as the Wells Fargo Loan Agreements ). Pursuant to the Wells Fargo Loan Agreements, we owe the amounts as stated in the
table above. 

Bridge
Loan 

On
August 30, 2021, we entered into a loan commitment note for a bridge loan of up to with the plan to use the proceeds to pay off
the existing equipment loans as they come out of the lock out period and may be repaid (dates detailed in the table below). The outstanding
principal balances of the bridge loan became due and payable in full on the earlier of the following dates (1) August 31, 2023, or (2)
one Federal Reserve business day after the closing of the real estate transactions contemplated under the CRG Purchase Agreement. We
repaid in equipment loans (equipment loans , , and in the table above) utilizing proceeds from the new
bridge loan. The Company evaluated the exchange under ASC 470 and determined that the exchange should be treated as a debt modification
prospectively. The Company accounted for this transaction as a debt modification and did not incur any gain or loss relating to the modification.
The debt modification did not meet the greater than ten percent test and was deemed not substantial. We repaid and terminated the bridge
loan and related loan commitment note on June 2, 2022, using in proceeds from the sale of a land parcel in Chicago pursuant to
the CRG Purchase Agreement. 

Loan
Covenants 

The
Wells Fargo Loan Agreements contain various affirmative and negative covenants that limit the use of funds and define other provisions
of the loan. The main financial covenants are listed below: 

Total Liabilities divided
 by Tangible Net Worth not greater than 2.5 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter, 

Quick Ratio not less than
 .85 to 1.0 at each fiscal quarter end, 

Net Income After Taxes
 not less than 500 on a quarterly basis, and 

Capital Expenditures less
 than . 

As
of October 28, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Wells Fargo Loan Agreements. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027-2028 

. Amortization
of equipment under capital lease was in 2022. The Company leased one long-haul truck for received during fiscal year 2022, and
that lease term is . 

The
Company s lease with Racine Partners 4333 LLC, was effective June 1, 2022 and was not reflected in the Company s July 8,
2022 interim financial statements, but was recorded during the fourth quarter ended October 28, 2022. Had it been properly recorded during
the quarter ended July 8, 2022, the effect on the Company s financial statements would have included an additional in right-of-use
assets and in lease liabilities. The Company performed a thorough assessment to determine the significance of the prior period
error and concluded that it was neither quantitatively or qualitatively material to the Company s financial position, results of
operations or cash flows for the quarter ended July 8, 2022. 

The
Company performed a detailed analysis and determined that the only indication of a long-term lease in addition to transportation lease
for long-haul trucks was Hogshed Ventures, LLC and Racine Partners 4333 LLC. A right-of-use asset and corresponding liability for warehouse
storage space was recorded for for Hogshed Ventures, LLC for 40th Street in Chicago, Illinois, and for Racine Partners 4333
LLC as of October 28, 2022. We lease this space under a non-cancelable operating lease. This lease does not have significant rent escalation
holidays, concessions, leasehold improvement incentives or other build-out clauses. Further this lease does not contain contingent rent
provisions. The lease with Hogshed Ventures LLC terminates on . The lease with Racine Partners 4333 LLC terminates on May
31, 2027. These leases includes both lease (e.g., fixed rent) and non-lease components (e.g., real estate taxes, insurance, common-area,
and other maintenance costs). The non-lease components are deemed to be executory costs and are included in the minimum lease payments
used to determine the present value of the operating lease obligation and related right-of-use asset. 

This
Hogshed Ventures LLC lease does not provide an implicit rate and we estimated our incremental interest rate to be approximately .
We used our estimated incremental borrowing rate and other information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present
value of the lease payments. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Later Years 
 - 
 
 Total minimum lease payments(a) (a) 

Less: Amount representing executory costs 

Less: Amount representing interest(b) (b) 

Present value of future minimum lease payments(c) (c) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 
 and , respectively, and right-of-use assets of and ,
 respectively. 

reportable operating segments, Frozen Food Products (the processing and distribution of frozen products) and Snack Food Products
(the processing and distribution of meat and other convenience foods). 

We
evaluate each segment s performance based on revenues and operating income. Selling, general and administrative expenses include
corporate accounting, information systems, human resource, and marketing management at the corporate level. These activities are allocated
to each operating segment based on revenues and/or actual usage. 

- 

Cost of products sold 

- 

Gross margin 

- 

SG A 

- 

Gain on sale of property, plant, and equipment 

Operating income (loss) 

Total assets 

Additions to PP E 

- 

Segment Information 
 
 2021 
 Frozen Food Products 
 Snack Food Products 
 Other 
 Totals 
 
 Net sales 

- 

Cost of products sold 

- 

Gross margin 

- 

SG A 

- 

(Gain) loss on sale of property, plant, and equipment 

- 

Operating income (loss) 

- 

Total assets 

Additions to PP E 

- 

- 

Direct customer warehouse 
 
 - 

Total Snack Food Products 
 
 - 

Distributors 

Total Frozen Food Products 

Total Net Sales 

(a) 

(b) 

2021 Distribution Channel 
 Retail (a) 
 Foodservice (b) 
 Totals 
 
 Direct store delivery 
 
 - 

Direct customer warehouse 
 
 - 

Total Snack Food Products 
 
 - 

Distributors 

Total Frozen Food Products 

Total Net Sales 

(a) 

(b) 

square foot four-story industrial food processing building located at 170 N. Green Street in Chicago, Illinois.
The purchase price for the Sale Transaction was , less previously received by the Company as non-refundable earnest money,
and subject to certain closing adjustments as set forth in the CRG Purchase Agreement. The Company recorded a gain on sale of property,
plant and equipment of in the third quarter of fiscal 2022. The effective tax rate for the third quarter of fiscal 2022 reflects
the impact of of tax expense related to tax on the gain on sale of a property, plant and equipment. 

In connection with the closing of the Sale Transaction,
the Company paid an aggregate of in broker commissions, including to KR6, Inc., an entity controlled by Keith Ross (a member
of the Company s Board of Directors). On June 2, 2022, the Company used approximately of the Sale Transaction proceeds to
repay and terminate the bridge loan commitment note dated August 30, 2021, with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. On June 7, 2022, the Company used
 of such proceeds to repay the outstanding balance under its revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., which revolver
line continues in effect per its terms to March 1, 2023. 

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

I,
Michael W. Bridgford, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bridgford Foods Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Dated:
January 26, 2023 

/s/
 MICHAEL W. BRIDGFORD 

Michael W. Bridgford, Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

I,
Cindy Matthews-Morales, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bridgford Foods Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this annual report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Dated:
January 26, 2023 

/s/
 CINDY MATTHEWS-MORALES 

Cindy
 Matthews-Morales 
 Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Michael W. Bridgford, Chairman of the Board of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) 
 the Annual Report on Form
 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 28, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and 

(2) 
 the information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
January 26, 2023 

/s/
 MICHAEL W. BRIDGFORD 

Michael. W. Bridgford 

Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

This
certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 13(a) and Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

 As
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Cindy Matthews-Morales, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Bridgford Foods Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) 
 the Annual Report on Form
 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended October 28, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 780(d)); and 

(2) 
 the information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
January 26, 2023 

/s/
 CINDY MATTHEWS-MORALES 

Cindy
 Matthews-Morales 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

This
certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 13(a) and Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 brid-20221028.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 brid-20221028_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 brid-20221028_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 brid-20221028_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

