<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1894370_0001213900-23-025149.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3834488</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>335002</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>764461</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>846140</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>910457</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>882494</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025149.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331120037
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025149
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001894370
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41474
		FILM NUMBER:		23785295

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		B3406, 34F, WEST TOWER, BLOCK B
		STREET 2:		GUORUI BUILDING 11 GUOXING AVENUE
		CITY:			HAIKOU, HAINAN PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-898-65315786

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		B3406, 34F, WEST TOWER, BLOCK B
		STREET 2:		GUORUI BUILDING 11 GUOXING AVENUE
		CITY:			HAIKOU, HAINAN PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025149.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_hainanman.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State
or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S
Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

, People s Republic
of , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 

Tel:
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant, and one right HMACU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, each warrant entitling the holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share HMACW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights, each right entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share HMACR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At
June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the registrant s
securities were no public traded. Therefore, the aggregate market value of the Registrant s ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
of the Registrant was . 

As
of March 31, 2023, ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

HAINAN
MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

P ART I 

1 

ITEM
 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 1 

ITEM
 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 23 

ITEM
 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 23 

ITEM
 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 23 

ITEM
 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 23 

ITEM
 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 23 
 
 PART II 

24 

ITEM
 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 24 

ITEM
 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 25 

ITEM
 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 25 

ITEM
 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 29 

ITEM
 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 29 

ITEM
 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 29 

ITEM
 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 30 

ITEM
 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 30 

ITEM
 9C. 
 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 30 
 
 PART III 

31 

ITEM
 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 31 

ITEM
11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 37 

ITEM
 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 38 

ITEM
 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 40 

ITEM
 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 42 

ITEM
 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 43 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, 
 anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, 
 potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each
case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially
differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition
or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based
on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited
to: 

our
ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Hainan
Manaslu Acquisition Corp. HMAC we, us, or our is a blank check company newly
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this report
as our initial business combination. We have generated no revenues to date, and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues
at the earliest until we consummate our initial business combination. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to focus
on industries that complement our management team s background, and to capitalize on the ability of our management team and advisor
to identify and acquire a business. However, we will not consummate our initial business combination with an entity or business with
China operations consolidated through a VIE structure. As a result, this may limit the pool of acquisition candidates we may acquire
in China, in particular, due to the relevant PRC laws and regulations against foreign ownership of and investment in certain assets and
industries, known as restricted industries, which including but not limited to, for example, value added telecommunications services
(except for e-commerce, domestic multiparty communications, store-and-forward services, call centres). Further, due to (i) the risks
associated with acquiring and operating a business in the PRC and/or Hong Kong, (ii) the fact that our principal executive offices are
located in China, and (iii) the fact that all of our executive officers and directors are located in or have significant ties to
China, it may make us a less attractive partner to certain potential target businesses, including non-China- or non-Hong Kong-based target
companies, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination in the PRC or Hong Kong. 

On
August 15, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 6,900,000 units (the Units ), including
900,000 additional Units issued pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option (the Over-Allotment
Option ). Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share of the Company (the Ordinary Shares ),
one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ), each Public Warrant exercisable to purchase one Ordinary Share at an exercise
price of 11.50 per share, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Company s
initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 69,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, we consummated the private placement (the Private Placement of 341,500 Units (the Placement Units ), each Placement Unit consisting of one Ordinary Share, one warrant and one right,
to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,415,000. The Placement Units (and the underlying
securities) are identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except that, they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these
warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the sponsor until 30 days after the completion
of its initial business combination. Such initial purchasers were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection
with the purchase of the Private Units. 

The
issuance of the Placement Units was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended. 

As
of August 15, 2022, a total of 70,035,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account
established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders. 

1 

Proposed
Business Combination with Able View 

General
Description of the Business Combination Agreement 

On
November 21, 2022, HMAC entered into a definitive business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with Able View Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted company Able View ), Able View Global Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted
company and wholly owned subsidiary of Able View Pubco ), Able View Corporation Inc., a Cayman Islands exempted
company and wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco Merger Sub ), and each of the shareholders of Able View (collectively,
the Sellers ). Pubco is sometimes referred to herein as the Combined Company following the Closing
(as defined below). Able View is a brand management partners of international beauty and personal care brands in China. For more information
regarding the business of Able View and the proposed Business Combination (as defined below), see the Registration Statement on Form
F-4 (File No.: 333-270675) initially filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023, as amended from time to time (the Form F-4 ). 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, at the closing of the transactions
contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the Closing ), (i) HMAC will merge with and into Merger Sub,
with HMAC continuing as the surviving entity in the merger (the Merger ), as a result of which: (a) HMAC will
become a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco and (b) each issued and outstanding security of HMAC immediately prior to the consummation
of the Merger will no longer be outstanding and will automatically be cancelled, in exchange for the right of the holder thereof to
receive a substantially equivalent security of Pubco, and (ii) Pubco will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Able
View held by the Sellers in exchange for ordinary shares of Pubco (the Share Exchange and, collectively with
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and the Ancillary Documents (as defined
below), the Transactions or Business Combination ). 

Consideration 

Under
the Business Combination Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid to the Sellers is US 400,000,000 (the Exchange Consideration ),
which will be paid entirely in shares comprised of newly issued ordinary shares of Pubco, par value US 0.0001 per share Pubco
Ordinary Shares ), with each share valued at an amount equal to (a) (i) the Exchange Consideration, divided by (ii) the total
number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Able View, divided by (b) the price at which each HMAC ordinary share (or after the
Merger, each Pubco Ordinary Share) held by HMAC s public shareholders is redeemed or converted in connection with the Transactions
pursuant to the provisions of HMAC s organizational documents (the Redemption ). 

In
addition to the Exchange Consideration, the Sellers will have the contingent right to receive to an aggregate of 3,200,000 additional
Pubco Ordinary Shares as earnout consideration after the Closing as follows: (i) an aggregate of 1,600,000 additional Pubco Ordinary
Shares will be issued to the Sellers in the event that Pubco reports net revenue in its audited financial statements for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2023 equal to or in excess of 170,000,000, and (ii) an aggregate of 1,600,000 additional Pubco Ordinary Shares will
be issued to the Sellers in the event that Pubco reports net revenue in its audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024 equal to or in excess of 200,000,000. 

Representations
and Warranties of the Parties 

The
Business Combination Agreement contains a number of representations and warranties made by the parties as of the date of such agreement
or other specific dates solely for the benefit of certain of the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, in each case relating
to, among other things, organization and qualification, governing documents, capitalization, authority, no conflicts and absence of litigation.
These representations and warranties, in certain cases, are subject to specified exceptions and materiality, Material Adverse Effect
(as defined below), knowledge and other qualifications contained in the Business Combination Agreement or in information provided pursuant
to certain disclosure schedules to the Business Combination Agreement. Material Adverse Effect as used in the Business
Combination Agreement means, with respect to any specified person or entity, any fact, event, occurrence, change or effect that has had
or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the business, assets, liabilities,
results of operations, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of such person and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the
ability of such person or any of its subsidiaries on a timely basis to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement or the documents and agreements ancillary to the Business Combination Agreement (the Ancillary Documents to which it is a party or bound or to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder, in each case subject to certain customary exceptions.
The representations and warranties made by the parties are customary for transactions similar to the Transactions. 

2 

The
representations and warranties of the parties contained in the Business Combination Agreement terminate as of, and do not survive, the
Closing, and there are no indemnification rights for another party s breach. 

Covenants
of the Parties 

Each
party agreed in the Business Combination Agreement to use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect the Closing. The Business Combination
Agreement also contains certain customary and other covenants by each of the parties during the period between the signing of the Business
Combination Agreement and the earlier of the Closing or the termination of the Business Combination Agreement in accordance with its
terms, including covenants regarding: (i) the provision of access to their respective properties, books and personnel; (ii) the operation
of their respective businesses in the ordinary course of business; (iii) provision of PCAOB-audited financial statements of Able View
and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the Target Companies (iv) HMAC s public filings;
(v) no solicitation of, or entering into, any alternative competing transactions; (vi) no insider trading; (vii) notifications of certain
breaches, consent requirements or other matters; (viii) efforts to consummate the Closing and obtain third party and regulatory approvals
and efforts; (ix) further assurances; (x) public announcements; (xi) confidentiality; (xii) indemnification of directors and officers
and tail insurance; (xiii) use of trust proceeds after the Closing; (xiv) efforts to support a transaction financing; (xv) efforts to
extend the maturity or otherwise amend the terms of certain debt of the Target Companies; (xvi) Able View s agreement to pay transaction-related
expenses of the parties; (xvii) causing Pubco to enter into employment agreements with certain employees of Able View; and (xviii) approving
a new equity incentive plan for Pubco to take effect following the Closing. 

The
parties also agreed to take all necessary actions to cause Pubco s board of directors immediately following the Closing to consist
of five members, of which (i) one individual will be designated by HMAC prior to the Closing and (ii) four individuals will be designated
by Able View prior to the Closing, at least three of whom will be required to qualify as independent directors under the rules of The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ). 

HMAC
and Pubco also agreed to jointly prepare, and Pubco filed with the SEC, a registration statement on Form F-4 (as amended, the Registration
Statement in connection with the registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
of the securities of Pubco to be issued to the holders of HMAC ordinary shares, and containing a proxy statement/prospectus for the purpose
of soliciting proxies from the shareholders of HMAC for the approval of the Business Combination and the matters relating to the Transactions
to be acted on at the special meeting of the shareholders of HMAC and providing such shareholders an opportunity to participate in the
Redemption. 

The
covenants and agreements of the parties contained in the Business Combination Agreement do not survive the Closing, except those covenants
and agreements to be performed after the Closing, which covenants and agreements will survive until fully performed. 

Conditions
to Closing 

The
obligations of the parties to consummate the Transactions are subject to various conditions, including the following mutual conditions
of the parties, unless waived: (i) the approval of the Business Combination Agreement and the Transactions and related matters by the
requisite vote of HMAC s shareholders; (ii) obtaining any material regulatory approvals and third-party consents; (iii) no law
or order preventing or prohibiting the Transactions; (iv) either HMAC (immediately prior to the Closing) or Pubco (upon the consummation
of the Closing) having at least 5,000,001 in net tangible assets as of the Closing, after giving effect to the completion of the Redemption
and any transaction financing; (v) appointment of the post-closing board of directors of Pubco in accordance with the Business Combination
Agreement; (vi) Pubco qualifying as a foreign private issuer; (vii) amendment by the shareholders of Pubco of Pubco s memorandum
and articles of association; (viii) the effectiveness of the Registration Statement; and (ix) the Pubco Ordinary Shares having been approved
for listing on Nasdaq. 

3 

In
addition, unless waived by Able View and Pubco, the obligations of Able View, Pubco, Merger Sub, and the Sellers to consummate the Transactions
are subject to the satisfaction of the following Closing conditions, in addition to customary certificates and other closing deliveries:
(i) the representations and warranties of HMAC being true and correct on and as of the Closing (subject to Material Adverse Effect);
(ii) HMAC having performed in all material respects its obligations and complied in all material respects with its covenants and agreements
under the Business Combination Agreement required to be performed or complied with by it on or prior the date of the Closing; (iii) absence
of any Material Adverse Effect with respect to HMAC since the date of the Business Combination Agreement which is continuing and uncured;
(iv) receipt by the Company and Pubco of the Founders Registration Rights Agreement Amendment (as defined below); and (v) each of the
Sellers having received from Pubco a registration rights agreement covering the merger consideration shares received by the Sellers in
the Transactions, duly executed by Pubco. 

Unless
waived by HMAC, the obligations of HMAC to consummate the Transactions are subject to the satisfaction of the following Closing conditions,
in addition to customary certificates and other closing deliveries: (i) the representations and warranties of Able View, Pubco, Merger
Sub, and the Sellers being true and correct on and as of the Closing (subject to Material Adverse Effect on the Target Companies, Pubco,
or any Seller, taken as a whole); (ii) the Company, Pubco, Merger Sub, and the Sellers having performed in all material respects the
respective obligations and complied in all material respects with their respective covenants and agreements under the Business Combination
Agreement required to be performed or complied with on or prior the date of the Closing; (iii) absence of any Material Adverse Effect
with respect to the Target Companies (taken as a whole) or Pubco since the date of the Business Combination Agreement which is continuing
and uncured; (iv) the Non-Competition Agreements, Lock-Up Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement, and Employment Agreements being in
full force and effect from the Closing; (v) receipt by HMAC of the Founders Registration Rights Agreement Amendment duly executed by
Pubco; (vi) any issued and outstanding convertible securities of Able View having been terminated without any consideration or liability;
(vii) HMAC having received copies of each share certificate for Able View shares; (viii) the maturity of certain debt of the Target Companies
having been extend or such debt having been otherwise amended to the satisfaction of HMAC; and (ix) if applicable, certain contracts
involving the Target Companies or Sellers or other related persons having been terminated with no obligation or liability. 

Termination 

The
Business Combination Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing by either HMAC or Able View if the conditions to the
Closing set forth in the Business Combination Agreement (the majority of which are summarized above) are not satisfied or waived by May
21, 2023. 

The
Business Combination Agreement may also be terminated under certain other customary and limited circumstances at any time prior the Closing,
including, among other reasons: (i) by mutual written consent of HMAC and Able View; (ii) by either HMAC or Able View if a governmental
authority of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise
prohibiting the Transactions, and such order or other action has become final and non-appealable; (iii) by Able View for HMAC s
uncured breach of the Business Combination Agreement, such that the related Closing condition would not be met; (iv) by HMAC for the
uncured breach of the Business Combination Agreement by Able View, Pubco, Merger Sub, or any Seller, such that the related Closing condition
would not be met; (v) by either HMAC or Able View if HMAC holds its shareholder meeting to approve the Business Combination Agreement
and the Transactions, and such approval is not obtained; and (vi) by either HMAC or Able View if there has been a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company or Pubco which is uncured or continuing. 

If
the Business Combination Agreement is terminated, all further obligations of the parties under the Business Combination Agreement (except
for certain obligations related to confidentiality, effect of termination, fees and expenses, trust fund waiver, miscellaneous and definitions
to the foregoing) will terminate, no party to the Business Combination Agreement will have any further liability to any other party thereto
except for liability for fraud or for willful breach of the Business Combination Agreement prior to termination. 

Trust
Account Waiver 

The
Company, Pubco, the Merger Sub and the Sellers have agreed that they and their affiliates will not have any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind in or to any monies in HMAC s trust account held for its public shareholders, and have agreed not to, and waived
any right to, make any claim against the trust account (including any distributions therefrom). 

4 

Key
Ancillary Documents 

Lock-Up
Agreement 

Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, Able View s largest shareholder entered into a Lock-Up Agreement
with Pubco, HMAC, and Able View (the Lock-Up Agreement ). Pursuant to the Lock-Up Agreement, the shareholder agreed
not to, during the period commencing from the Closing and ending on the 12-month anniversary of the Closing (subject to early release
if Pubco consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction with an unaffiliated third party): (i) lend,
offer, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, donate, assign, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option
or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any
restricted securities, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of such restricted securities, or (iii) publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing, whether
any such transaction described in clauses (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of the restricted securities or other securities,
in cash or otherwise (in each case, subject to certain limited permitted transfers, provided that the transferred shares shall continue
to be subject to the Lock-Up Agreement). 

Non-Competition
Agreements 

Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, certain shareholders of Able View entered into non-competition
and non-solicitation agreements (collectively, the Non-Competition Agreements in favor of Able View, HMAC and Pubco
and their respective present and future successors and direct and indirect subsidiaries Covered Parties ), to be
effective as of the Closing. Under the Non-Competition Agreements, the Company executive officers signatory thereto agree not to engage
directly or indirectly in a business competitive with Pubco or Able View in the People s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Macao or
Taiwan for the one year period after the Closing, provided that such shareholder will be permitted under its Non-Competition Agreement
to own passive investments of less than 2 of the total issued and outstanding equity interests of a competitor that is publicly traded,
so long as such shareholder and such shareholder s affiliates are not directly or indirectly involved in the management or control
of such competitor. Under the Non-Competition Agreement, the shareholders and their affiliates will also be subject to certain non-solicitation
and non-interference obligations during the restricted period with respect to the Covered Parties respective (i) employees, independent
contractors, directors, commissioners or consultants, (ii) customers or clients, and (iii) vendors, suppliers, distributors, agents or
other service providers. Parent will also be subject to non-disparagement provisions regarding the Covered Parties and confidentiality
obligations with respect to the confidential information of the Covered Parties. 

Registration
Rights Agreement 

Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, each Seller will enter into a registration rights agreement (the
 Registration Rights Agreement with Pubco and HMAC, pursuant to which, among other matters, Pubco will agree to
undertake certain registration obligations in accordance with the Securities Act and the Sellers will be granted customary demand and
piggyback registration rights. 

Founder
Registration Rights Agreement Amendment 

Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, Pubco, HMAC and Bright Winlong LLC Sponsor entered into an amendment to the registration rights agreement (the Founder Registration Rights Agreement Amendment entered into by HMAC and Sponsor at the time of HMAC s initial public offering (the Founder Registration Rights Agreement ).
Under the Founder Registration Rights Agreement Amendment, the Founder Registration Rights Agreement will be amended to, among other
things, add Pubco as a party and to reflect the issuance of Pubco ordinary shares and warrants pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
and to reconcile with the provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement, including making the registration rights of the Sellers and
Sponsor pari passu with respect to any underwriting cut-backs. 

In
connection with the Business Combination, we will file relevant materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
including a registration statement on Form F-4 (as amended, the Registration Statement in connection with the registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), of the securities of Pubco to be issued to the holders
of HMAC ordinary shares, and containing a proxy statement/prospectus for the purpose of soliciting proxies from the shareholders of HMAC
for the approval of the Business Combination and the matters relating to the Transactions to be acted on at the special meeting of the
shareholders of HMAC and providing such shareholders an opportunity to participate in the Redemption. 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination 

We will have until nine months from the closing
of our IPO, or until May 14, 2023, to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to
consummate our initial business combination within nine months, we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend
the period of time to consummate a business combination up to nine times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 18 months
to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account. For more details about
our ability to extend time to complete business combination, see Item 1. Business - Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business
Combination . on page 15 of this annual report. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business
Combination 

If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination within such 9-month (or up to 18-month) time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less
up to 60,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject
in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
For more details about our redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination, see Item 1. Business
- Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination on page 19 of this annual report . 

5 

Our
Management Team 

Our
management team has broad skills and experience relevant to our business strategy, as well as their extensive experience of identifying,
investing, growing and operating businesses in diverse sectors. Our management team also has extensive governance, regulatory and public
company leadership experience. We believe our competitive advantages include the experience of our management team in technology, strategic
investments and finance, as well as its significant relationships worldwide in public and private industry. 

Mr. Zhifan
Zhou , has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors since November 2021. Mr. Zhou has
over ten years of experience in investment banking, audit, private equity and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Zhou has served
as the General Manager of Hainan Winlong Capital, an investment company, since April 2021, where he leads the mergers and acquisitions
operations. Prior to that, Mr. Zhou served as Vice President and General Manager of Capital Operations of Shanzhinong Co., Ltd.,
a B2B e-commerce platform company, from March 2020 to April 2021, where he was responsible for acquiring assets of the
agricultural sector in China. He also served as the Head of Finance Department of Wanda Information Stock Co., Ltd., a software company,
from December 2019 to March 2020, where he was responsible for due diligence and integration of wholly-owned subsidiaries;
Deputy General Manager of Xinghe Real Estate Financial Group Shanghai Company, a financial group company, from March 2018 to June 2019,
where he was responsible for platform financing; Deputy General Manager of Cefc Anhui Internal Holding Co., Ltd., an investment company,
from October 2014 to March 2018, where he participated in various mergers and acquisitions; and Senior Project Manager in the
investment banking department of Zheshang Securities Co., Ltd., a securities company, from June 2013 to October 2014, where
he participated in multiple mergers and acquisitions. From September 2010 to June 2013, Mr. Zhou served as Senior Consultant
of PricewaterhouseCooper Consultants (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., Shanghai branch, a consulting company where he provided risk management and
internal control services and was experienced with cross-border IPO audits. 

Mr. Wenyi
Shen , has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 2021. Mr. Shen has over ten years of experience in
investment banking, audit and private equity investments. During his career, he provided audit services to several large-scale IPOs
of Chinese companies, including Agricultural Bank of China and Haitong Securities Co, Ltd., in Hong Kong and Chinese stock markets
and focused on several industries including consumer, entertainment, education, and Internet. From May 2018 to August 2021,
Mr. Shen served as Vice President for CITIC Culture Capital Management Co., Ltd., an investment company where he was responsible
for growth range private equity investments. Mr. Shen served as Vice President for TFTR Investment Co., Ltd., an investment company,
from February 2016 to April 2018, where he was responsible for growth range private equity investments. Mr. Shen co-founded Shanghai
Yuexing Information Technology Co., Ltd., a start-up mobile travel agent company, where he served as a Chief Strategy Officer from
February 2015 to January 2016 and was responsible for the company s strategy, product development, market operation and
capital funding. Prior to that, Mr. Shen was an Associate at E.J. McKay Co., Ltd., a boutique investment banking firm focusing
on cross-border mergers and acquisitions between China and the United States, from June 2013 to February 2015, where
he participated in cross-border mergers and acquisitions investment banking activities; and a Senior Auditor at Deloitte Touche
Tohmastu CPA Ltd., an accounting firm, from July 2010 to May 2013, where he participated in the audit of large financial institutions. 

Mr. Xun
Zhang , has served as our Chief Investment Officer and Director since November 2021. Mr. Zhang has 16 years of experience
in financial industries. Mr. Zhang s professional experience includes private equity, investment banking, and hedge fund.
During his career, he provided equity financing, debt financing, mergers and acquisitions and other consulting services for a number
of Chinese listed companies in Chinese stock markets, as well as wealth management consulting services for high net worth clients in
China. Mr. Zhang serves as the General Manager of the investment department of Zhejiang Venture Investment Group Co., Ltd., a venture
capital investment company in Hangzhou, China, where he was responsible for project development, investment and management. Prior to
that, Mr. Zhang served as Managing Director of WXZF Fund Management Co., Ltd., a fund management company in Shanghai, China, from
October 2017 to December 2019, where he developed and executed investment strategies; Risk Management Director of Gesheng Fund
of Shanghai SIIC Fund Management Co., Ltd., a fund management company, from August 2015 to October 2017, where he was responsible
for risk management framework establishment; Deputy General Manager of the equity capital market department of Zheshang Securities Co.,
Ltd., a securities company, from December 2011 to July 2015, where he was responsible for executing IPOs and private placement
transactions and a Senior Financial Analyst in the risk management department of Globus LLP in Toronto, Canada, a hedge fund company,
from June 2005 to August 2010, where he provided support to trading team. 

6 

Mr. John
Roumeliotis, serves as our director commencing on August 10, 2022. Since early 2009, Mr. Roumeliotis has served as a Creative
Director and Chief Financial Officer and of LongKey Software Ltd., a software company based in of Wuxi, Jiangsu Province of China, where
he manages financial systems and financial strategic planning and the Chief Operation Officer of Jinaxiaoer FinVisor, a public relationship
company, where he led a team with initial tasks of building and promoting the company s brand and corporate image for the banking
industry and government online service sectors. From June 1992 to December 2008, Mr. Roumeliotis opened and managed BuyDesign
Inc., a marketing firm which later changed its name to BlackInk Communication Inc. in 1995. From September 1990 to January 1992,
Mr. Roumeliotis served as an Executive Manager in Rooms Division of the InterContinental Hotel in Montreal where he initially handled
project management overseeing the final stages of construction. Mr. Roumeliotis began his career in the hotel industry in 1978 while
still in school. From 1978 to August 1990, he successively served as a Night Manager and a Front Office Manager in Chateau Champlain
Hotel (Now the Marriott) in Montreal and Delta Montreal Hotel. 

Mr. Kun-lin Liu, serves
as our director commencing on August 10, 2022. Mr. Liu is a well-known venture capitalist in Greater China and has been engaged
in venture capital investment for more than 20 years. Mr. Liu has served as a Partner of Capital First Partners, a venture
capital company since July 2019, where he focuses on deal sourcing in Taiwan. Prior to that, he served as the Chief Strategy Officer
of Shanghai Vargo Technology Co., Ltd., a smart phone company, from December 2013 to January 2017, where he set up supply chain
network. Mr. Liu was a former partner of Fortune International Partners, a venture capital company in Greater China, from May 2006
to May 2010, where he was responsible for investment in mainland China. Mr. Liu has also been an Industry Consultant for Taiwan
Venture Capital Association and Angel Association since April 2010. He was an investor of Lakala Payment Co., Ltd., a third-party payment
company, in 2007 and served as a director in the board of Lakala from 2007 to 2010. His most successful investment is Transmedia Communications
Inc., a multimedia equipment maker which was acquired by Cisco Systems, Inc. in 1999. 

Professor
Hong Ma, serves as our director commencing on August 10, 2022. Professor Ma has almost 40 years of experience in law. Professor
Ma has served as the Dean of Zhejiang College of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics since January 2016. He is also a professor
of School of Law of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics since July 1983, and has served as the Chairman and General Manager
(President) of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics Press from November 2014 to January 2016. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs and will allocate their time to other
businesses, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business
combination and their other businesses. We presently expect each of our officers and directors will devote such amount of time as they
reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a
potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). 

In
addition, past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate
for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. Our investors
should not rely on the historical record of our management team s performance, or the performance of any other entities with which
our management team is or has been affiliated, as indicative of our future performance, how an investment in our company will perform
or the returns our company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. Furthermore, the members of the management team may not remain
with us subsequent to the consummation of a business combination. 

7 

Business
Strategy 

Our
business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that fits within the experiences and skills
of our team. Our selection process will leverage our relationship network, industry experiences and proven deal sourcing capabilities
to access a broad spectrum of differentiated opportunities, including opportunities that we expect will have significant value in a post
COVID-19 market. The relationship network has been developed through our team s experience in both investing in and operating
businesses in our focus industries and sectors. 

Upon
completion of our IPO, our management team have commenced communicating with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters
for our search for a target company and a potential business combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities. 

We
believe that our team is well positioned to identify attractive business combination opportunities with a compelling industry backdrop
and an opportunity for transformational growth. Our objectives are to generate attractive returns for shareholders and enhance value
through improving performance of the acquired company and possibly providing access to needed growth capital. We expect to favor opportunities
with certain industry and business characteristics. Such key characteristics include stable historical long-term growth promising
future opportunities, strong competitive advantages, opportunities in leveraging the emerging social media and e-commerce platforms,
opportunities for benefiting from a high potential growth from young generation consumers, and capability to adopt advanced technologies.
Through our relationship network and team s experience in business investment as well as operation, we aim to focus on targets
with high growing potentials in post COVID-19 market including: 

Companies
with products and services targeting massive consumer segments with high potential growth and solid existing business performance; 

Platform
based business driven by cutting-edge technologies and emerging social media channels; 

Products
and services targeting young generation (also known as generation Z or Gen-Z) consumers with unique selling points and market positioning; 

Scalable
business model with prompt free cash flow; and 

A
track record of delivering operation efficiencies and financial performance by experienced management team. 

Business
Combination Criteria 

Our
intent is to seek potential target businesses globally. We intend to accomplish this using a global network of professional contacts
that has been developed by our management team over many years. This network encompasses private equity firms, venture capitalists
and entrepreneurs. Our sourcing methodology includes pre-screening steps that we believe will lead to fruitful negotiating phases
and final agreement. 

Consistent
with our business strategy, we have established criteria that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We
will use these criteria in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with
a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire companies based on the following criteria
and guidelines: 

Target
Size. We intend to seek one or more businesses with high growth in revenue, specifically with a total
enterprise value of between 200,000,000 and 500,000,000. 

High
Growth Industry Sectors. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses with clear strategies in
high growth industries. We believe the companies in the following sectors will benefit from industry growth and be attractive to capital
market. Such sectors include: high technology, e-commerce, consumer and retail, brands management, internet application, SaaS and PaaS,
health care products and social media. 

High
Growth Geographic Markets. We intend to seek companies located in high growth geographic markets. Also,
we intend to focus on companies that operate their business internationally with capabilities and experience to transfer or leverage
different advantages from each market. 

Proven
Financial Records and Growth Potential. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses with revenue
growth in the last two or three years which have proven to be a healthy and sustainable business. We intend to focus on such businesses
with high growth potential in revenue and profit through existing and planned new products, technology development and application, new
sales channels and new brands, cost transfer with significant expense reduction and acquisitions with significant synergistic effect. 

8 

Unique
Competitiveness. We intend to seek companies with unique competitive edge including comprehensive industry
know-how, advanced technologies, unique consumer understanding, existing leading position, exclusive or long-term business terms,
household brand image or special cost advantages. 

Benefit
from Being a Public Company. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from
being publicly-traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated
with being a publicly traded company. 

Experienced
and Visionary Management Team. We intend to seek to acquire one or more businesses established by an experienced
and visionary management team with deep industry experience or diverse skillsets which help them build a successful company. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. 

Sourcing
of Potential Business Combination Targets 

Our
management team has developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships
of our management team and our sponsor will provide us with an important source of business combination opportunities. In addition, we
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment banking
firms, private equity firms, consultants, accounting firms and business enterprises. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business
combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or completing the business combination through
a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. 

As
more fully discussed in Management Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-existing fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting
such business combination opportunity to us. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management
team s operational and capital planning experience. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the
fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm, another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an
independent accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion
is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion
in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary
greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Members
of our management team may directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares and/or private placement units following our IPO, and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

9 

Other
than our Chief Financial Officer, each of our directors and officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers
may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be
required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she
has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to
present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce
our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person
solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

Initial
Business Combination 

The
Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate
fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable
on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our Board
of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company
we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Additionally, pursuant
to the Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We do not intend to
purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. In the event that we were
delisted from Nasdaq prior to completion of a business combination, we would not be subject to the Nasdaq rule requiring our initial
business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 
of the balance in the trust account. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own
shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our
initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets
of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we
will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business
or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination
involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

10 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we
offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In
this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares or for a
combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are
various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain
and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering,
there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent
in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and
an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by
augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential
target businesses may have a negative view of us since we are a blank check company, without an operating history, and there is uncertainty
relating to our ability to obtain shareholder approval of our proposed initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our
trust account in connection therewith. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier
of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which
we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting
companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years
of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the
market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the second fiscal
quarter of such fiscal year, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year
and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second
fiscal quarter of such fiscal year. 

Financial
Position 

With
a trust account in the amount of 70,830,102 as of December 31, 2022, we can offer a target business a variety of options such as creating
a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance
sheet by reducing its debt ratio. This amount is before payment of up to 2,242,500 of deferred underwriting fees and before fees and
expenses associated with our initial business combination. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our
cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that
will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken
any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our
initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of the private placement units, our shares,
debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, start-up companies
or companies with speculative business plans or excess leverage, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies
and businesses. 

11 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our ordinary
shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance
or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in
completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. 

In
the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy
materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder
approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our
initial business combination. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 

Subject
to the requirement that, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must be with one or more target
businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our
initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our Board of Directors based upon
one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses.
Our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing
the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in
outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
related to our initial business combination. In the event that we were delisted from Nasdaq prior to completion of a business combination,
we would not be subject to the Nasdaq rule requiring our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that
together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account. 

If
our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company
we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Additionally, pursuant
to the Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We do not intend to
purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement,
our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although
we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal
operations. 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will
be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in our IPO to evaluate the possible merits or risks
of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

12 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular
industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause
us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition,
the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure
you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. 

Under
the Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding (other than
in a public offering); 

13 

any
of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively
have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 
or more; or 

the
issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted
Purchases of Our Securities 

In
the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase. However, they have no current commitments, plans or
intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our
sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote relating
to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction.
None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when
they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by
Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although
still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights.
We will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout
periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal
counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan,
as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such
circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is
not necessary. 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from
public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke
their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer
subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to
such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target
that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it
appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that
may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us
directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with
our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase,
they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro
rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire
shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant
at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder
would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and
the other federal securities laws. 

14 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made
to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation
under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements
that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or
their affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of
the Exchange Act. 

Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination 

We will have until nine months from the closing
of our IPO, or May 14, 2023, to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination within nine months, we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination up to nine times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 18 months to
complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant
to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company on August 10, 2022, in order for the time available for us to consummate our initial business
combination to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline,
must deposit into the trust account 227,700 (approximately 0.033 per public share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline,
for each one month extension (up to an aggregate of 2,049,300, or 0.297 per public share, for an aggregate of nine months). In
the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for us to effect an extension,
we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we
intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. 

Our sponsor may extend the time frame for us to
complete a business combination by up to an additional nine months contingent upon our sponsor and its affiliates or designees timely
depositing the required amount of funds for each monthly extension. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund
the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Holders of our securities will not have to right
to approve or disapprove any such monthly extension. Further, holders of our securities will not have the right to seek or obtain redemption
in connection with any extension of the time frame to complete a business combination. 

Any such payments from our sponsor and its affiliates
or designees to extend the time frame would be made in the form of a loan from our sponsor. The final and definitive terms of the loan
in connection with any such loans have not yet been negotiated, but any such loan would be interest free and not repaid unless and until
we complete a business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we will, at the option of our sponsor, repay such
loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into units
at a price of 10.00 per unit, which units will be identical to the private placement units. If we do not complete a business combination,
we will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the trust account, if any such funds are available. We currently believe we will
not have sufficient funds left outside of the trust account to pay back such loans if our initial business combination is not completed. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then
issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated
to be approximately 10.15 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional 0.297 per public share in the event that our
sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this report). The per-share amount
we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will
pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive (i) their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and any public shares
they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our memorandum
and articles of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our
initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within
the prescribed timeframe or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity. 

15 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in
connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely
in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions
and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and
any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. We intend to conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement or
we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 

If a shareholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and
Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our ordinary shares
in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under
the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 upon
consummation of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any
greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If
public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial
business combination. 

If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction
is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

16 

We expect that a final proxy statement would be
mailed to public shareholders at least ten days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would
be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and
procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our Nasdaq
listing or Exchange Act registration. 

In the event that we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees
will agree) to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our IPO
in favor of our initial business combination. We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination,
our sponsor and its permitted transferees will own approximately 23.0 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote
thereon (taking into account ownership of the private placement units). Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive (i) their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of a business combination and (ii) their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow
redemptions in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our
initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that we will only redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination so long as (after
such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination,
after payment of the deferred underwriting commission (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules).
Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement
relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration
to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate
purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption
will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business
Combination if We Seek Shareholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together
with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess
Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by
such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or
our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO could threaten
to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium
to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than
15 of the shares sold in our IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block
our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires
as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and
directors have, pursuant to a letter agreement entered into with us, waived their right to have any founder shares or public shares held
by them redeemed in connection with our initial business combination. Unless any of our other affiliates acquires founder shares through
a permitted transfer from an initial shareholder, and thereby becomes subject to the letter agreement, no such affiliate is subject to
this waiver. However, to the extent any such affiliate acquires public shares through open market purchases, it would be a public shareholder
and restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any Excess Shares. 

17 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or
Redemption Rights 

We may require our public shareholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents, or up to two business
days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System,
rather than simply voting against the initial business combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders
to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy
materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules,
the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would
be mailed to public shareholders at least ten days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement
would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic
delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering
process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the
tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee
would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need
to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply
vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her
redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to
deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion
of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose
above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to
the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder
meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder
delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s
election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may
be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the shareholder meeting set forth in our
proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of
redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request
that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders
of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business combination is
not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until nine months from the closing of
our IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as
described in more detail in this report). 

18 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business
Combination 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
that we will have only nine months from the closing of our IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if we extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this report) to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 9-month (or up to 18-month) time period, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account, including interest (less up to 60,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes
payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants or rights, which
will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 9-month (or up to 18-month) time period. 

Our sponsor may extend the time frame for us to
complete a business combination by up to an additional nine months contingent upon our sponsor and its affiliates or designees timely
depositing into the trust account the required amount of funds for each monthly extension. Holders of our securities will not have to
right to approve or disapprove any such monthly extension. Further, holders of our securities will not have the right to seek or obtain
redemption in connection with any extension of the time frame to complete a business combination. 

Any such payments from our sponsor and its affiliates
or designees to extend the time frame would be made in the form of a loan from our sponsor. The final and definitive terms of the loan
in connection with any such loans have not yet been negotiated, but any such loan would be interest free and not repaid unless and until
we complete a business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we will, at the option of our sponsor, repay such
loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into units
at a price of 10.00 per unit, which units will be identical to the private placement units. If we do not complete a business combination,
we will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the trust account, if any such funds are available. We currently believe we will
not have sufficient funds left outside of the trust account to pay back such loans if our initial business combination is not completed. 

In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor
five days prior to the deadline of its intention for us to effect an extension, we will issue a press release announcing such intention
at least three days prior to the deadline. In addition, we will issue a press release the day after the deadline announcing whether or
not the funds had been timely deposited. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within nine months
from the closing of our IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination, as described in more detail in this report). However, if our sponsor acquires public shares after our IPO, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the allotted 9-month (or up to 18-month) time period. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within nine months from the closing of our IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if
we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this report) or (ii) with respect
to the other provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes
payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares in connection
with our initial business combination so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either prior
to or upon consummation of our initial business combination, after payment of the deferred underwriting commission (so that we are not
subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive
number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the
amendment or the related redemption of our public shares. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 500,000
of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However,
if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent
that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional
amount of up to 60,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

19 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
our IPO and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into
account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution
would be approximately 10.15 (subject to increase of up to an additional 0.297 per public share in the event that our sponsor elects
to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this report). The proceeds deposited
in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of
our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially
less than 10.15. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide
for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against
the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well
as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our
assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a
waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the
future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the
prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required
to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following
redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of
funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently
verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets
are securities of our company. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the
date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has
no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors
the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.15 per share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our
sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to 500,000 from the
proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement units, with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses
incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 60,000). In the event that we liquidate
and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our
trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 500,000, we
may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be
held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less
than our estimate of 500,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. 

20 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims
of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.15
per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could
seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be
brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within nine months from the closing of our IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if
we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this report) or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption
of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within nine months from the closing of our IPO
(or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described
in more detail in this report), subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of
any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a
shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares
to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described
above. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public
shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our
outstanding warrants and rights, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant
to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, subject to
his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity
which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor
his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such
entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such
opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe,
however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete
our business combination. 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to
us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which
we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.15 per
public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except
as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked
our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

21 

Employees 

As of the date of this report, we have three officers.
Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote
as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time
that our officers or any other members of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units, ordinary shares,
warrants and rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial
statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, U.S. GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance
with the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some
targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We will be required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target
company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The
development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and
costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with
the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules
and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting
or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of
certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be
a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of
the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can
delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take
advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the
last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total
annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.
References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will
remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of such fiscal year, or (2) our
annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held
by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of such fiscal year. 

22 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
in this Annual Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus of the IPO dated August 10, 2022 and in the Form F-4 (File No.: 333-270675) initially filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023, as amended from time to time.
Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of
operations. As of the date of this Annual Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our IPO
prospectus dated August 10, 2022 or in the Form F-4, filed with the SEC, except we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose
additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at B3406, 34F, West Tower, Block B, Guorui Building, 11 Guoxing Avenue, Haikou, Hainan Province, People s Republic
of China 570203. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

To the knowledge of our management,
as of the date of this report, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in
their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

23 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our units began to trade on
Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC, under the symbol HMACU on August 11, 2022. The ordinary shares, warrants and rights comprising
the units began separate trading on the Nasdq Stock Market, LLC on September 12, 2022, under the symbols HMAC, 
HMACW, and HMACR , respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 31, 2023, there were 8,966,500 
of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding held by two shareholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the
records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of ordinary shares whose shares are held in the names of various
security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination and subject to our satisfaction of the applicable solvency test
under the Cayman Islands laws. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our
board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our
business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In
addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable
future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to
in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

See below. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

On August
15, 2022 , we consummated our initial public offering of 6,900,000 units (the Units ), including 900,000 additional
Units issued pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option. The securities sold in the offering were registered
under the Securities Act on the registration statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-261340) filed with the SEC on November 24,
2021 (the Registration Statement ). On August 10, 2022 , the Registration
Statement was declared effective by the SEC. 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of the IPO and the sale of the Units, we consummated the private placement (the Private Placement of 341,500 Units (the
 Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,415,000. The
Placement Units (and the underlying securities) are identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed in the Registration
Statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Placement Units was made
pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

24 

A total of 70,035,000 of
the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement were placed in a U.S.-based trust account established for the benefit of the Company s
public shareholders and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the funds in the trust account
will not be released until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company's Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company's obligation to redeem
100 of its public shares if the Company does not complete its initial business combination within nine months from the closing of the
IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination) or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (iii) the redemption
of all of the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial business combination within nine months from
the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business
combination), subject to applicable law. 

We paid a total of 1,380,000 of underwriting commissions
excluding 2,242,500 of deferred underwriting commissions and 635,682 of other costs related to the initial public offering. 

For a description of the use
of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering, see Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None . 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
in this report (the Annual Report to HMAC , we , our , us or the
 Company refer to Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team 
refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Bright Winlong LLC. Certain capitalized terms
used but not defined in the below discussion and elsewhere in this Annual Report have the meanings ascribed to them in the footnotes
to the accompanying financial statements included as part of this Annual Report. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Annual Report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands on September 10, 2021 for the purpose of engaging in a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, with one or more
target businesses or entities. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic
region, although we intend to focus on industries that complement the management team s background, and to capitalize on the ability
of the management team and advisor to identify and acquire a business. However, we will not consummate our initial Business Combination
with an entity or business with China operations consolidated through a VIE structure. 

On
August 15, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 6,900,000 Public Units, inclusive of the over-allotment option of 900,000
Public Units. Each Public Unit consisted of one public share, one Public Warrant and one Public Right. Our Registration Statement on
Form S-1 for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective by the SEC on August 10, 2022. The Public Units were sold at an offering
price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 69,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the on August 15, 2022, we consummated the sale of 341,500 Private Placement Units. The Private Placement Units were
sold at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in the private placement, generating gross proceeds of 3,415,000. 

Transaction
costs amounted to 4,258,182, consisting of 1,380,000 of underwriting commissions, 2,242,500 of deferred underwriting commissions and
 635,682 of other offering costs. 

We
will have until nine months from the closing of our IPO, or May 14, 2023, to consummate our initial business combination. However, if
we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within nine months, we may, by resolution of our
board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to nine times, each by an additional
one month (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds
into the trust account. For more details about our ability to extend time to complete business combination, see Item 1. Business
- Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination on page 15 of this annual report. 

If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 9-month (or up to 18-month) time period, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account, including interest (less up to 60,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes
payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. For more details about our redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination, see
 Item 1. Business - Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination on page 19 of this
annual report . 

25 

Proposed
Business Combination with Able View 

On
November 21, 2022, HMAC entered into the Business Combination Agreement with Able View, Pubco, Merger Sub, and each of the the Sellers.
 Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, at the Closing, (i) HMAC will merge with and into Merger Sub, with HMAC continuing
as the surviving entity in the merger, as a result of which: (a) HMAC will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Pubco and (b) each issued
and outstanding security of HMAC immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger will no longer be outstanding and will automatically
be cancelled, in exchange for the right of the holder thereof to receive a substantially equivalent security of Pubco, and (ii) Pubco
will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Able View held by the Sellers in exchange for ordinary shares of Pubco. Able
View is a brand management partners of international beauty and personal care brands in China. For more information regarding the business
of Able View and the proposed Business Combination, see the Form F-4 initially filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023, as amended from
time to time. 

Under
the Business Combination Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid to the Sellers is US 400,000,000, which will be paid entirely
in shares comprised of newly issued ordinary shares of Pubco, with each share valued at an amount equal to (a) (i) the Exchange Consideration,
divided by (ii) the total number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Able View, divided by (b) the price at the Redemption.
In addition to the Exchange Consideration, the Sellers will have the contingent right to receive to an aggregate of 3,200,000 additional
Pubco Ordinary Shares as earnout consideration after the Closing as follows: (i) an aggregate of 1,600,000 additional Pubco Ordinary
Shares will be issued to the Sellers in the event that Pubco reports net revenue in its audited financial statements for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2023 equal to or in excess of 170,000,000, and (ii) an aggregate of 1,600,000 additional Pubco Ordinary Shares will
be issued to the Sellers in the event that Pubco reports net revenue in its audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024 equal to or in excess of 200,000,000. 

The Business Combination Agreement
also calls for additional agreements, including, among others, the Lock-Up Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement, Founder Registration
Rights Agreement Amendment and Non-Competition Agreements, as described in this Annual Report under Item 1. Business. 

Results of Operations 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not yet commenced any operations.
All activity from inception up to December 31, 2022 related to our formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public
Offering or IPO ), which is described below. Since the Initial Public Offering, our activity has been limited to the
negotiation and consummation of the proposed business combination with PubCo., and we will not be generating any operating revenues until
the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. We incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for
legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well due diligence expenses in connection with our searches for business
combination targets. 

For
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 599,288, comprising of dividend income earned on investment held in Trust
Account of 795,099, interest income of 6 and other income of 3, partially offset by general and administrative expenses of 195,820. 

For
period from September 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 42,619, comprising of interest income of
 1 and offset by general and administrative expenses of 42,618. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 91,780 in its operating bank accounts
including 18,297 restricted cash, 70,830,102 in cash and investments held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination
or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary share in connection therewith and working capital of approximately 150,886. Until the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by the Sponsor, Working Capital
Loans provided by the Sponsor under a certain unsecured promissory note and advances from the Sponsor. 

On
August 15, 2022, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 6,900,000 Public Units, including 900,000 Public Units upon the full exercise
of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Each Public Unit consists of one public share, one Public Warrant and one Public Right.
Each Public Warrant entitling its holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Each Right entitles the holder
to receive one ordinary share upon consummation of our Business Combination. The Public Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00
per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of 69,000,000. 

As
of August 15, 2022, a total of 70,035,000 of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the private placement consummated
simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering were deposited in the Trust Account established for the benefit of our
public shareholders. 

We
intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including the funds held in the Trust Account, to
acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole
or in part as consideration to effect our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account, as well as any other
net proceeds not expended, will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds
could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions
and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses
or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our Business Combination if the funds available to us outside
of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

26 

We
intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate
and complete a Business Combination. 

Accordingly, we may not
be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to
conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential
transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially
acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, if we are unable to complete a business combination by May 14, 2023, our board of directors
would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of us. There is no assurance that our plans to consummate
a business combination will be successful by May 14, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern. through one year from the date of these financial statements if a Business Combination is not consummated. These financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that
might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-balance Sheet
Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as VIEs,
which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased
any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

Advances from a related
party 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had a temporary advance of 3,003 and 0 from a related party for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public
Offering, respectively. The balance is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment. 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement dated as of August 10, 2022, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units (including
securities contained therein), and units (including securities contained therein) that may be issued on conversion of Working Capital
Loans or extension loans (and) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders
have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company s
completion of initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 3.25 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 2,242,500 until the closing
of the Business Combination. 

27 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The Company has identified the following significant accounting policies: 

Ordinary Shares Subject
to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity . Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and
is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are
either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control)
are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares
feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. 

Warrant accounting 

We
account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific
terms and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC 480 and ASC 815. The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding
financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of
the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the our own ordinary shares and
whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of our control, among
other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time
of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of equity at the time of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants
are required to be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter.
Changes in the estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of comprehensive loss. 

As
the warrants issued in the Initial Public Offering and private placement meet the criteria for equity classification under ASC 480, therefore,
the warrants are classified as equity. 

Net Income (Loss)
Per Share 

We calculate net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC Topic
260, Earnings per Share . In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable
shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable ordinary shares
and non-redeemable ordinary shares and the undistributed loss is calculated using the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid.
We then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable
and non-redeemable ordinary shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, we has not considered the effect of
the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering to purchase an aggregate of 6,900,000 shares in the calculation of diluted net income
(loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants
would be anti-dilutive and we did not have any other dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or
converted into ordinary share and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same
as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. 

Factors That May Adversely
Affect our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot
at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they
may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial Business Combination. 

28 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our financial statements and
the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Dismissal of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Based on information provided by Friedman LLP Friedman ),
the independent registered public accounting firm of Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), effective September
1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum LLP Marcum and continued to operate as an independent registered public accounting
firm. Friedman continued to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm through October 5, 2022. On
October 5, 2022, the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company dismissed Friedman and engaged Marcum to serve as the independent
registered public accounting firm of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. The services previously provided by Friedman are
now be provided by Marcum. 

Friedman s
report on the Company s financial statements for the period from September 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 (the Audit
Report did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit
scope or accounting principles, except that the Audit Report contained an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. 

During
the period from September 10, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the subsequent interim period through October 5, 2022, there
were no disagreements with Friedman on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope
or procedure, from the time of Friedman s engagement up to the date of termination which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction
of Friedman, would have caused Friedman to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its reports on
the Company s financial statements. Also during this time, there were no reportable events, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K. 

The
Company provided Friedman with a copy of the above disclosures and requested that Friedman provide the Company with a letter addressed
to the SEC stating whether or not it agrees with the statements made above. A copy of Friedman s letter dated October 7, 2022 was
furnished as Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC by the Company on October 7, 2022. 

Appointment of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On October 5, 2022, the Company engaged Marcum as the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. During the period from September 10, 2021 (inception)
through the subsequent interim period on or prior to the appointment of Marcum, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted
with Marcum regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or
the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice
was provided to the Company that Marcum concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting,
auditing, or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions, or a reportable event, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v)
of Regulation S-K. 

29 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of
the period covered by this Annual Report at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information
required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public
companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most
recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

30 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth
information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Zhifan Zhou 
 
 37 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Wenyi Shen 
 
 35 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Xun Zhang 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Investment Officer and Director 
 
 John Roumeliotis 
 
 61 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Kun-lin Liu 
 
 60 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Hong Ma 
 
 51 
 
 Independent Director 

Below is a summary of the
business experience of each our executive officers and directors. 

Mr. Zhifan Zhou ,
has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of directors since November 2021. Mr. Zhou has over ten years
of experience in investment banking, audit, private equity and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Zhou has served as the General Manager
of Hainan Winlong Capital, an investment company, since April 2021, where he leads the mergers and acquisitions operations. Prior
to that, Mr. Zhou served as Vice President and General Manager of Capital Operations of Shanzhinong Co., Ltd., a B2B e-commerce platform
company, from March 2020 to April 2021, where he was responsible for acquiring assets of the agricultural sector in China. He
also served as the Head of Finance Department of Wanda Information Stock Co., Ltd., a software company, from December 2019 to March 2020,
where he was responsible for due diligence and integration of wholly-owned subsidiaries; Deputy General Manager of Xinghe Real Estate
Financial Group Shanghai Company, a financial group company, from March 2018 to June 2019, where he was responsible for platform
financing; Deputy General Manager of Cefc Anhui Internal Holding Co., Ltd., an investment company, from October 2014 to March 2018,
where he participated in various mergers and acquisitions; and Senior Project Manager in the investment banking department of Zheshang
Securities Co., Ltd., a securities company, from June 2013 to October 2014, where he participated in multiple mergers and acquisitions.
From September 2010 to June 2013, Mr. Zhou served as Senior Consultant of PricewaterhouseCooper Consultants (Shenzhen)
Co., Ltd., Shanghai branch, a consulting company where he provided risk management and internal control services and was experienced with
cross-border IPO audits. 

Mr. Zhou received bachelor s
degrees in international economic law and accounting from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in July 2008, and a master s
degree in law from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in December 2010. Mr. Zhou has been a Certified Public Accountant
(CPA) and holds Certificate of Computer Application Techniques (CCAT) and Legal Profession Qualification Certificate in China. 

Mr. Wenyi Shen ,
has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 2021. Mr. Shen has over ten years of experience in investment
banking, audit and private equity investments. During his career, he provided audit services to several large-scale IPOs of Chinese companies,
including Agricultural Bank of China and Haitong Securities Co, Ltd., in Hong Kong and Chinese stock markets and focused on several
industries including consumer, entertainment, education, and Internet. From May 2018 to August 2021, Mr. Shen served as
Vice President for CITIC Culture Capital Management Co., Ltd., an investment company where he was responsible for growth range private
equity investments. Mr. Shen served as Vice President for TFTR Investment Co., Ltd., an investment company, from February 2016
to April 2018, where he was responsible for growth range private equity investments. Mr. Shen co-founded Shanghai Yuexing Information
Technology Co., Ltd., a start-up mobile travel agent company, where he served as a Chief Strategy Officer from February 2015 to January 2016
and was responsible for the company s strategy, product development, market operation and capital funding. Prior to that, Mr. Shen
was an Associate at E.J. McKay Co., Ltd., a boutique investment banking firm focusing on cross-border mergers and acquisitions between
China and the United States, from June 2013 to February 2015, where he participated in cross-border mergers and acquisitions
investment banking activities; and a Senior Auditor at Deloitte Touche Tohmastu CPA Ltd., an accounting firm, from July 2010 to May 2013,
where he participated in the audit of large financial institutions. 

Mr. Shen received his
bachelor s degree in social work from Fudan University, China in July 2010. 

31 

Mr. Xun Zhang ,
has served as our Chief Investment Officer and Director since November 2021. Mr. Zhang has 16 years of experience in financial
industries. Mr. Zhang s professional experience includes private equity, investment banking, and hedge fund. During his career,
he provided equity financing, debt financing, mergers and acquisitions and other consulting services for a number of Chinese listed companies
in Chinese stock markets, as well as wealth management consulting services for high net worth clients in China. Mr. Zhang serves
as the General Manager of the investment department of Zhejiang Venture Investment Group Co., Ltd., a venture capital investment company
in Hangzhou, China, where he was responsible for project development, investment and management. Prior to that, Mr. Zhang served
as Managing Director of WXZF Fund Management Co., Ltd., a fund management company in Shanghai, China, from October 2017 to December 2019,
where he developed and executed investment strategies; Risk Management Director of Gesheng Fund of Shanghai SIIC Fund Management Co.,
Ltd., a fund management company, from August 2015 to October 2017, where he was responsible for risk management framework establishment;
Deputy General Manager of the equity capital market department of Zheshang Securities Co., Ltd., a securities company, from December 2011
to July 2015, where he was responsible for executing IPOs and private placement transactions and a Senior Financial Analyst in the
risk management department of Globus LLP in Toronto, Canada, a hedge fund company, from June 2005 to August 2010, where he
provided support to trading team. 

Mr. Zhang received his bachelor s degree
in mathematics from University of Toronto in July 2006, and a master degree in finance from Saint Mary s University in October 2011. 

Mr. John Roumeliotis,
 has served as our director since August 2022. Since early 2009, Mr. Roumeliotis has served as a Creative Director and Chief Financial
Officer and of LongKey Software Ltd., a software company based in of Wuxi, Jiangsu Province of China, where he manages financial systems
and financial strategic planning and the Chief Operation Officer of Jinaxiaoer FinVisor, a public relationship company, where he led a
team with initial tasks of building and promoting the company s brand and corporate image for the banking industry and government
online service sectors. From June 1992 to December 2008, Mr. Roumeliotis opened and managed BuyDesign Inc., a marketing
firm which later changed its name to BlackInk Communication Inc. in 1995. From September 1990 to January 1992, Mr. Roumeliotis
served as an Executive Manager in Rooms Division of the InterContinental Hotel in Montreal where he initially handled project management
overseeing the final stages of construction. Mr. Roumeliotis began his career in the hotel industry in 1978 while still in school.
From 1978 to August 1990, he successively served as a Night Manager and a Front Office Manager in Chateau Champlain Hotel (Now the
Marriott) in Montreal and Delta Montreal Hotel. 

Mr. Roumeliotis attended
Delta (Private Institute) in October 1987. He also attended Concordia University in September 1992. 

Mr. Kun-lin Liu, has
served as our director since August 2022. Mr. Liu is a well-known venture capitalist in Greater China and has been engaged in venture
capital investment for more than 20 years. Mr. Liu has served as a Partner of Capital First Partners, a venture capital company
since July 2019, where he focuses on deal sourcing in Taiwan. Prior to that, he served as the Chief Strategy Officer of Shanghai
Vargo Technology Co., Ltd., a smart phone company, from December 2013 to January 2017, where he set up supply chain network.
Mr. Liu was a former partner of Fortune International Partners, a venture capital company in Greater China, from May 2006 to
May 2010, where he was responsible for investment in mainland China. Mr. Liu has also been an Industry Consultant for Taiwan
Venture Capital Association and Angel Association since April 2010. He was an investor of Lakala Payment Co., Ltd., a third-party
payment company, in 2007 and served as a director in the board of Lakala from 2007 to 2010. His most successful investment is Transmedia
Communications Inc., a multimedia equipment maker which was acquired by Cisco Systems, Inc. in 1999. 

Mr. Liu received a bachelor s
degree in electro physics from national Chiao-Tung University in Taiwan in June 1985, and a master degree in materials science 
engineering from National Taiwan University in June 1987. 

Professor Hong Ma, has
served as our director since August 2022. Professor Ma has almost 40 years of experience in law. Professor Ma has served as the Dean
of Zhejiang College of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics since January 2016. He is also a professor of School of Law of
Shanghai University of Finance and Economics since July 1983, and has served as the Chairman and General Manager (President) of Shanghai
University of Finance and Economics Press from November 2014 to January 2016. 

Professor Ma received a bachelor s
degree in law from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law in June 1983 and a Doctor of Law degree from University of International
Business and Economics in July 2012. 

Number, Terms of Office and Appointment of Officers and Directors 

Our Board of Directors consists of five members.
Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. 

Our officers are appointed by the Board of Directors
and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may
be determined by the Board of Directors. 

32 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our Board of
Directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person who has no material relationship with
the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company).
We have three independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined
that each of Messrs. Roumeliotis and Liu and Professor Ma are independent directors under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent
directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our Board of Directors has two standing committees:
an audit committee and a compensation committee. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the
composition and responsibilities described below. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of
the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules
require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit committee of the Board
of Directors. The members of our audit committee are Messrs. Roumeliotis and Liu and Professor Ma. Mr. Roumeliotis serves as chairman
of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Roumeliotis qualifies as an audit committee financial expert 
as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent
 auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
 audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies
 and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us
 in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the
 independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material
 issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of
 the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities,
 within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out
 by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction;
 and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal,
 regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government
 agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other
 regulatory authorities. 

33 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of
the Board of Directors. The members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. Roumeliotis and Liu and Professor Ma. Professor Ma
serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions
of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals
and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s
based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other
officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation
equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement
and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and
other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included
in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee though
we would form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with
Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board
of directors. The Board of Directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly
selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate
in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. John Roumeliotis and Kun-lin Liu and Professor Hong Ma. 

In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq
rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter
in place. 

We have not formally established any specific, minimum
qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees
for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business,
integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently serves, and in the
past year has not served, (i) as a member of the compensation committee or Board of Directors of another entity, one of whose executive
officers served on our compensation committee, or (ii) as a member of the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose
executive officers served on our Board of Directors. 

34 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our
directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the
registration statement in connection with our initial public offering. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public
filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers
owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer
believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers
were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future
discretion; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is
a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty
of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both
the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried
out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience which that director has. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put
themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their
position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the
shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Other than our Chief Financial Officer, each of
our directors and officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to
such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and
only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides
that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to
any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for
us to pursue. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially
undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his
or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business
activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers
and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the
other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. For a complete description of our management s other affiliations, see Directors
and Officers. 

35 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to our founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the consummation of our initial
business combination. Additionally, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within nine months from the closing
of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination,
as described in more detail in the IPO prospectus). If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time
period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public
shares, and the private placement units and underlying securities will be worthless. With certain limited exceptions, 50 of the founder
shares will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or
exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the founder shares
may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination,
or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for
cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement units and underlying securities will not be
transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since
our sponsor and officers and directors directly or indirectly own ordinary shares, warrants and rights, our officers and directors may
have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our
initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations,
our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria
to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or
contractual obligations: 

Individual (1) 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Zhifan Zhou 
 
 Hainan Winlong Capital 
 
 Investment company 
 
 General manager 
 
 Xun Zhang 
 
 Zhejiang Venture Investment Group Co., Ltd. 
 
 Venture capital investment company 
 
 General manager of the investment department 
 
 John Roumeliotis 
 
 LongKey Software Ltd. 
 
 Software company 
 
 Chief financial officer 

Jinaxiaoer FinVisor 
 
 Public relationship company 
 
 Chief operation officer 
 
 Kun-lin Liu 
 
 Capital First Partners 
 
 Venture capital company 
 
 Partner 

(1) Each of the entities listed in this table has priority and preference
relative to our company with respect to the performance by each individual listed in this table of his obligations and the presentation
by each such individual of business opportunities. 

Accordingly, if any of the above officers or directors
become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has then-current fiduciary
or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination, because the specific focuses of a majority of these entities differ from
our focus and the type or size of the transaction that such companies would most likely consider are of a size and nature substantially
different than what we are targeting. 

36 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business
combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business
combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent
accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In addition, our initial shareholders or any of
their affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial business combination, although, our initial
shareholders and their affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our initial shareholders or any of their affiliates
elects to make additional investments, such proposed investments could influence our initial shareholders motivation to complete
an initial business combination. 

In the event that we submit our initial business
combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to the terms of a letter
agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them (and their permitted transferees
will agree) and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to
which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the
extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification
against willful default, fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred
in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud or willful default. We may purchase a policy of directors and
officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment
in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have
been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore
unenforceable. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors,
officers and shareholders who beneficially own more than 10 of any class of equity securities of the Company registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Exchange Act, collectively referred to herein as the Reporting Persons, to file initial statements of beneficial
ownership of securities and statements of changes in beneficial ownership of securities with respect to the Company s equity securities
with the SEC. All Reporting Persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all reports that such Reporting Persons
file with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a). Based solely on our review of the copies of such reports and upon written representations
of the Reporting Persons received by us, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater
than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

None of our officers or directors have received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq through the
earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their
respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company.
All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that
members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it
is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after
the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with
us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

37 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth as of March 31, 2023 the number of Ordinary
Shares beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and
outstanding shares of ordinary shares, (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group.
As of March 31, 2023, we had 8,966,500 shares of ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table
does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 Bright Winlong LLC (2)(3) 
 2,066,500 
 23.0 
 
 Zhifan Zhou (4) 
 2,066,500 
 23.0 
 
 Wenyi Shen 

Xun Zhang 

John Roumeliotis 

Kun-lin Liu 

Hong Ma 

All directors and officers as a group (six individuals) 
 2,066,500 
 23.0 
 
 Five Percent Holders of HMAC 

Glazer Capital, LLC (5) 
 593,304 
 6.6 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (6) 
 555,000 
 6.2 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (7) 
 600,000 
 6.7 
 
 Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. (8) 
 675,000 
 7.5 
 
 Taconic Capital Advisors UK LLP (8) 
 675,000 
 7.5 
 
 Taconic Associates LLC (8) 
 675,000 
 7.5 
 
 Taconic Capital Partners LLC (8) 
 675,000 
 7.5 
 
 Taconic Capital Performance Partners LLC (8) 
 675,000 
 7.5 

(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each
of the individuals is B3406, 34F, West Tower, Block B, Guorui Building, 11 Guoxing Avenue, Haikou, Hainan Province, People s Republic
of China 570203. 

(2) Includes the 341,500 ordinary shares included in the private placement
units purchased by our sponsor simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO. 

(3) Represents shares held by our sponsor. Each of our directors
and officers are a member of our sponsor. However, only Zhifan Zhou, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the manager of our
sponsor and has voting and investment power over the securities held by our sponsor. The address for our sponsor is B3406, 34F, West
Tower, Block B, Guorui Building, 11 Guoxing Avenue, Haikou, Hainan Province, People s Republic of China 570203. 

(4) Such individual does not beneficially own any of our ordinary
shares. However, such individual has a pecuniary interest in our ordinary shares through his ownership of shares of our sponsor. 

(5) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by
the reporting persons. The shares reported herein are held by certain funds and accounts to which Glazer Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, serves as investment manager. Mr. Paul J. Glazer serves as the Managing Member of Glazer Capital, LLC. Each of Glazer
Capital, LLC and Mr. Paul J. Glazer disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities reported herein except to the extent of such Reporting
Person s pecuniary interest therein. The business address of each of Glazer Capital, LLC and Mr. Paul J. Glazer is 250 West 55th
Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 

(6) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023 by
the reporting person. Shaolin Capital Management LLC, a company incorporated under the laws of State of Delaware, serves as the investment
advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd. a Cayman Islands exempted company, MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio
of LMA SPC, DS Liquid DIV RVA SCM LLC and Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC being managed accounts advised
by the Shaolin Capital Management LLC. The address of the reporting person is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. The reporting
person has sole voting and dispositive power to the shares reported. 

(7) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2023 by the reporting person. Polar
Asset Management Partners Inc.,a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada, serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy
Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company ("PMSMF") with respect to the shares reported directly held by PMSMF. The address
of the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. The reporting person has sole voting and dispositive
power to the shares reported. 

38 

(8) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2023 by the reporting persons. The shares reported (the
 Shares are held for the accounts of Taconic Opportunity Master Fund L.P. (Taconic Opportunity Fund) and Taconic Master
Fund 1.5 L.P. (Taconic Event Fund, and together with Taconic Opportunity Fund, the Taconic Funds). Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. (Taconic
Advisors LP) serves as the investment manager to each of the Taconic Funds. Taconic Advisors LP has entered into a sub-advisory agreement
with Taconic Capital Advisors UK LLP (Taconic Advisors UK) pursuant to which Taconic Advisors UK serves as a subadvisor to Taconic Advisors
LP in respect of each of the Taconic Funds. Taconic Advisors LP is the manager of Taconic Capital Services UK Ltd, the UK parent entity
of Taconic Advisors UK. Accordingly, Taconic Advisors LP and Taconic Advisors UK may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Shares held for
the accounts of the Taconic Funds. Taconic Partners serves as the general partner to Taconic Advisors LP. Taconic Associates LLC (Taconic
Associates) serves as the general partner to Taconic Opportunity Fund, and accordingly may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Shares
held for the account of Taconic Opportunity Fund. Taconic Capital Partners LLC (Taconic Capital) serves as the general partner to Taconic
Event Fund, and accordingly may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Shares held for the account of Taconic Event Fund. Mr. Frank P. Brosens
is a principal of Taconic Advisors LP and a manager of each of Taconic Capital Performance Partners LLC (Taconic Partners), Taconic Associates
and Taconic Capital. In such capacities, Mr. Brosens may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Shares held for the accounts of the Taconic
Funds. The address of the principal business of office of each of Taconic Advisors LP, Taconic Associates, Taconic Partners, Taconic Capital
and Mr. Brosens is c/o Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. 280 Park Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10017. The address of the principal business
office of Taconic Advisors UK is 55 Grosvenor Street, 4th Floor, London, W1K 3HY, UK. The reporting persons have shared voting and dispositive
power to the Shares. As of December 31, 2022, the reporting persons may be deemed to beneficially own 675,000 of the Shares held for the
account of the Taconic Funds. 

Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units 

The founder shares, private placement units and any underlying securities
are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreement with us entered into by our sponsor.
Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or saleable (i) in the case of (A) 50 of the
founder shares, until the earlier of (x) six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or
(z) the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions,
share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
after our initial business combination and (B) the remaining 50 of the founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until
six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to
our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results
in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in
the case of the private placement units and the underlying securities, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination, except in each case (a) to our sponsor s officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of our sponsor
or any of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual,
by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individual s
immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of
laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic
relations order; (e) in the event of our liquidation prior to our completion of our initial business combination; or (f) by
virtue of the laws of the Cayman Islands or our sponsor s constitutional documents upon dissolution of our sponsor; provided, however,
that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) or (f) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing
to be bound by these transfer restrictions and by the same agreements entered into by our sponsor with respect to such securities (including
provisions relating to voting, the trust account and liquidation distributions described elsewhere in this annual report). 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement units (including
securities contained therein), and units (including securities contained therein) that may be issued on conversion of working capital
loans or extension loans (and) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective
date of the IPO requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three
demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and
rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

39 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

HMAC s Related Person Transactions 

In September 2021, we issued an aggregate
of 1,725,000 Founder Shares to the Sponsor, so that the Sponsor owns 20 of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial
Public Offering, for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. 

The Sponsor (and/or its designees) purchased an
aggregate of 341,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit (consisting of 341,500 private placement units) in a private
placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Each unit consists of one private placement share,
one private placement warrant, and one private placement right granting the holder thereof the right to receive one-tenth of an ordinary
share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder upon exercise to purchase
one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The private placement units (including the
underlying securities) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the
completion of our initial business combination. 

As more fully discussed in Management 
Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within
the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required
to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or
contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of
their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which
expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On September 24, 2021, we issued an unsecured
promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000, which was amended and
restated on March 14, 2022 (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of December 31, 2022 or consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Sponsor
advanced us an aggregate amount of 0 and 227,708, respectively. 

Related Party Extensions Loans 

We will have until nine months from the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination within nine months, we may, by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination up to nine times, each by an additional one month (for a total of up to 18 months to complete
a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. Pursuant to the terms
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company on August 10, 2022, in order for the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination
to be extended, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit
into the trust account 227,700 (approximately 0.033 per public share in either case) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline,
for each one month extension. Any such payments would be made in the form of non-interest bearing loans. If we complete our initial business
combination, we will, at the option of our sponsor, repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us
or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into units at a price of 10.00 per unit, which units will be identical to the private
placement units. If we do not complete a business combination, we will repay such loans only from funds held outside of the trust account,
if any such funds are available. 

40 

Related Party Working Capital Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers may,
but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay
the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be
repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use
a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would
be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of the
initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into units at a price of 10.00 per unit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have outstanding balance on related party
working capital loans. 

Advances from a Related Party 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had
a temporary advance of 3,003 and 0 from a related party for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering, respectively.
The balance is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment. 

Others 

After our initial business combination, members
of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all
amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable,
furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender
offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be
up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

We have entered into a registration rights agreement
with respect to the founder shares, private placement units (including securities contained therein) and units (including securities contained
therein) issued upon conversion of working capital loans or extension loans (if any). 

Related Party Policy 

We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the
review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved
or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We have adopted a code of ethics requiring it
to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or
the appropriate committee of its board) or as disclosed in its public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of
interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness)
involving the company. 

In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to
a written charter that it has adopted prior to our IPO, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the
extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting
at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire
audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee
will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of its Sponsor, officers or directors
unless it, or a committee of independent directors, has obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that
our initial business combination is fair to the company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements
or cash payments will be made to the Sponsor, officers or directors, or its or their affiliates, for services rendered to it prior to
or in connection with the completion of its initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made to the Sponsor,
officers or directors, or its or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our IPO held in the trust account prior
to the completion of its initial business combination: 

Repayment of up to an aggregate of up to 300,000 in loans
made to us by the Sponsor to cover IPO-related and organizational expenses; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related
to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment of loans which may be made by the Sponsor or an
affiliate of its Sponsor or certain of its officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial
business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit (which, for example, would result in the
holders being issued 165,000 ordinary shares if 1,500,000 of notes were so converted (including 15,000 shares upon the closing
of its initial business combination in respect of 150,000 rights included in such units), as well as 150,000 warrants to purchase
150,000 shares) at the option of the lender. 

41 

Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to its Sponsor, officers or directors, or its or their affiliates. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq requires that a majority of our board must
be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company
or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors would
interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public Accounting Fees 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to Marcum LLP (formerly, Friedman LLP, prior to Friedman LLP combining with Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022), or Marcum,
for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 10, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022 totaled
approximately 82,000 and 72,500, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at
audit committee meetings and services rendered in connection with our IPO. 

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31, 2022 we did
not pay Marcum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax
services, planning or advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from September 10, 2022 (inception) through December
31, 2022. 

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for
any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from September 10, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be
performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the deminimis exceptions for non-audit services described
in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

42 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following are filed with this report: 

(1) The financial statements listed on the Financial Statements
Table of Contents 

(2) Not applicable 

(b) Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed
with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated August 10, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 16, 2022) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2022, by and among Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp., Able View Global Inc., Able View Inc., Able View Corporation Inc. and the Shareholders of Able View Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 25, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 16, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 10, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 16, 2022) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated August 10, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 16, 2022) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 1, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Ordinary Shares Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 1, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 1, 2022) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 1, 2022) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated August 10, 2022, by and among the Company, its directors, and officer and the Sponsor. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 16, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 10, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 16, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 10, 2022, by and between the Company and certain securityholders. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 16, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Units Subscription Agreement, dated August 10, 2022, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 16, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of March 14, 2022, issued to Bright Winlong LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 15, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of September 24, 2021, issued to Bright Winlong LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 24, 2021) 

43 

10.7 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, between the Registrant and Bright Winlong LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 24, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2022, by and among Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp., Able View Global Inc., Able View Inc., and the Shareholder of Able View Inc. named therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 25, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2022, by and among Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp., Able View Global Inc., Able View Inc., and the Shareholder of Able View Inc. named therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 25, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2022, by and among Able View Global Inc., Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp., and the Holders named therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 25, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2022, by and among Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp., Able View Global Inc., Bright Winlong LLC, and the Holders named therein. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 25, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of February 21, 2023, issued to Bright Winlong LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 27, 2023) 
 
 14 
 
 Form of Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Friedman LLP Regarding the Change in the Registrant s Certifying Accountants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on October 7, 2022) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2022) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

HAINAN MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Zhifan Zhou 

Zhifan Zhou 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

HAINAN MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Wenyi Shen 

Wenyi Shen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

45 

HAINAN MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID 688) F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Friedman LLP (PCAOB ID F-3 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 F-5 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from September 10, 2021, (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes
in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company believes that it may not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to complete a business combination. If the Company
does not complete a business combination by May 14, 2023 (unless further extended), it will be required to cease all operations, except
for the purpose of winding up. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

Costa Mesa, CA 
March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 

Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes
in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the period from September 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the period from September 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, its business
plan is dependent on the completion of a financing and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2021 are not sufficient
to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Friedman LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor from
2021 through 2022. 

March 15, 2022 

F- 3 

HAINAN MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash 

Restricted cash 
 
 -

Prepaid expense 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Deferred offering costs 
 -

Investments held in trust account 
 
 -

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities 
 
 -

Promissory note related party 
 -

Amount due to related party 
 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting compensation 
 
 -

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

Ordinary shares, subject to possible redemption: and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (at redemption value of as of December 31, 2022) 
 
 -

Shareholders deficit: 

Preference shares, par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (excluding 6,900,000 and 0 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

HAINAN MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Period from September 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Other income 

Dividend income earned on investments held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Interest income 

Other income 
 
 -

Total other income 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary share subject to possible redemption

- 

Basic and diluted net income per share, ordinary share subject to possible redemption

- 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary share attributable to Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp.

Basic and diluted net loss per share, ordinary share attributable to Hainan Manaslu Acquisition Corp.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

HAINAN MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 

Ordinary shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 shareholders deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Sale of units in initial public offering 

-

Sale of units to the founder in private placement 

-

Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

-

Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

-

For the period from September 10, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Ordinary shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 shareholders deficit 
 
 Balance as of September 10, 2021 (Inception) 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of ordinary shares to founders 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

HAINAN MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Period from September 10, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities 

Interest income and dividend income earned on investments held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in prepayment 
 
 -

Increase in accrued liabilities 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds deposited in Trust Account 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from public offering 
 
 -

Proceeds from private placements 
 
 -

Promissory note related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Capital contribution received 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 
 -

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Reconciliation to amounts on balance sheets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 
 
 -

Total cash and restricted cash 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 
 -

Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 
 -

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 
 -

Deferred underwriting compensation 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs paid by a related party 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 7 

units (the Public Units ), which includes Public Units upon the full exercise by
the underwriter of its over-allotment option, at per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of to the Company,
which is described in Note 4. 

units (the Private Placement Units at a price of
 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to Bright Winlong LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds
of to the Company, which is described in Note 5. 

, consisting
of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions and of other offering costs.
In addition, cash of that was held in of the Trust Account as of August 15, 2022 and transferred to the company s
operating account on August 16, 2022 is available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. Among the net proceeds
of from the Initial Public Offering and the private placement, was transferred to the Trust Account
and was transferred to the Company s operating bank account upon closing of the Initial Public Offering. 

per
Public Unit) held in a trust account Trust Account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders
and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee, will be invested only in U.S. government treasury
bills, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Except with respect to
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the funds in the
Trust Account will not be released until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (ii)
the redemption of any public shares (as defined below) properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to
redeem of its public shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within nine months from the closing
of the Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if the Company extends the period of
time to consummate a Business Combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business
combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial
Business Combination within nine months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination), subject to applicable law. 

F- 8 

of the balance in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the
signing of an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business
Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

after payment of the deferred underwriting
commissions, either immediately prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may
be contained in the agreement relating to, such Business Combination. 

or more of the public shares without the Company s prior written consent. 

per public share, subject to increase
of up to an additional per public share per month in the event that the Sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination (see below), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their public shares will
not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 10). There will be
no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s rights or warrants. The ordinary
shares will be recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in
accordance with ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, either immediately
prior to, or upon such consummation of, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating
to, such Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in
favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for
business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer
such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information
as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

F- 9 

of public shares
if the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination within the timeframe set forth therein or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (iii) to waive their rights to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares and private placement shares if the Company fails
to complete the initial Business Combination within nine months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (or up to 18 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) (although they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails
to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame). 

(approximately per public share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for
each one month extension. Any funds which may be provided to extend the time frame will be in the form of a loan to the Company from the
Sponsor. The terms of any such loan have not been definitely negotiated, provided, however, any loan will be interest free and will be
repayable only if the Company competes a Business Combination. 

of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable
and less interest to pay dissolution expenses up to ), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal
dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of applicable
law. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the
Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with
the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the public shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price of per Public Unit. 

per share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the
Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any
and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 10 

Business Combination Agreement 

(the Exchange Consideration ), which will be paid entirely in shares comprised
of newly issued ordinary shares of Pubco, par value per share Pubco Ordinary Shares ), with each share valued at
an amount equal to (a) (i) the Exchange Consideration, divided by (ii) the total number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Able
View, divided by (b) the price at which each Company ordinary share (or after the Merger, each Pubco Ordinary Share) held by the Company s
public shareholders is redeemed or converted in connection with the Transactions pursuant to the provisions of Company s organizational
documents (the Redemption ). 

additional Pubco Ordinary
Shares as earnout consideration after the Closing as follows: (i) an aggregate of additional Pubco Ordinary Shares will be issued
to the Sellers in the event that Pubco reports net revenue in its audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023 equal to or in excess of , and (ii) an aggregate of additional Pubco Ordinary Shares will be issued to the
Sellers in the event that Pubco reports net revenue in its audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 equal
to or in excess of . 

of the Company s outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion
of the funds held in the Trust Account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not necessary to pay taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, the Company may not be able to distribute such amounts as
a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of the Company s public shareholders. In the event of dissolution
and liquidation, the Company s warrants and rights will expire and will be worthless. 

and a working capital of . The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional
costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination.
Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may
be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations,
suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing
will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern if a Business Combination is not consummated by May 14, 2023 (unless further extended).
These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the
liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 11 

F- 12 

F- 13 

and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

in additional paid-in capital and in accumulated deficit. For the period from September 10, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021, the Company did not record an accretion in accumulated deficit. 

F- 14 

shares
in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future
events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive and the Company did not have any other dilutive securities and other
contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary share and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result,
diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 
 -

Net loss including accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

-

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Allocation of net income (loss) 

-

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding

- 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

- 

F- 15 

F- 16 

and restricted
cash in certain bank account. The Company bank account was restricted to use for operating purpose due to the requirements imposed by
the bank. Such bank account became unrestricted after December 31, 2022. 

Public Units, which includes Public Units upon the full exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option,
at a purchase price of per Public Unit. Each Public Unit consists of ordinary share public share ), redeemable
warrant Public Warrant and one right Public Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of ordinary share. Each
Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase ordinary share at an exercise price of per share (see Note 7). Each Public Right
entitles the holder to receive ordinary share upon consummation of the Company s Business Combination. 

-

Less: 

Proceeds allocated Public Warrants 
 
 -

Proceeds allocated Public Rights 
 
 -

Offering costs allocated to
Public Shares 
 
 -

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - 2022 
 
 -

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 
 -

Private Placement Units, at a price of per
Private Placement Unit. Each Private Placement Unit consists of ordinary share private placement share ), redeemable
warrant Private Warrant and one right Private Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of ordinary
share. Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase ordinary share at an exercise price of per whole
share. Each Private Right entitles the holder to receive ordinary share upon consummation of the Company s Business
Combination. 

F- 17 

founder shares Founder Shares to the Sponsor, so that the Sponsor owns 
of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering, for an aggregate purchase price of . 

, which was amended and restated on March 14, 2022 (the Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note
is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2022 or consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

and , respectively. 

of
such loans may be convertible into units at a price of per unit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have
outstanding balance on related party working capital loans. 

and from a related party for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering,
respectively. The balance is unsecured, interest-free and has no fixed terms of repayment. 

ordinary
shares, with a par value of per share. Holders of the ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each ordinary
share. 

ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

ordinary
shares were issued and outstanding. 

F- 18 

preference
shares, with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, no preference share was issued. 

ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all shares
held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination
as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Public Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering.
If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the
definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares
will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share basis and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively
convert its rights in order to receive 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The shares issuable
upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). 

ordinary share at an exercise price of . Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares
will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable after the consummation of a Business
Combination. No Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering
the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares. The Company
has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company
will use its best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have declared effective, a registration
statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 60 business days, the holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an
effective registration statement, exercise the Public Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration
under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants
on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 19 

per warrant: 

per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading days period ending on the third trading day prior
to the notice of redemption to Public Warrant holders, and 

per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without
taking into account any Founder Shares, Private Placement Units (or any private placement equivalent securities issued to the Sponsor
or its affiliates upon conversion of either Working Capital Loans or extension loans made to the Company) held by the Sponsor or such
affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such
issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination
on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the
ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business
Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption
trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented
as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

F- 20 

Public
Units at a price of per Public Unit in the Initial Public Offering. 

Share issued classified as equity 
 
 -

Share redemption 
 -
 
 -

Ordinary shares, subject to possible redemption 

-
 
 -

F- 21 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or until the closing of the business combination. 

F-22 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-7_hainanman.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

As of December 31, 2022, Hainan
Manaslu Acquisition Corp. we, our, us or the Company had the following securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its units, consisting
of one ordinary share, one redeemable warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of
an initial business combination; (ii) its ordinary shares; (iii) its public warrants, with each whole warrant exercisable for one ordinary
share for 11.50 per share; (iv) its rights, with each right entitling its holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon
the consummation of an initial business combination. 

The following description summarizes
the material terms of our capital stock and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference
to, our memorandum and articles of association, as amended, our warrant agreement, and our rights agreement, each of which is incorporated
by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part. 

Defined terms used herein but
not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 (the Report ). 

General 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company (company
incorporation number 380667 and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies
Act and common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized
to issue 55,000,000 ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 500,000 preference shares, par value US 0.0001 per share. The following
description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our memorandum and articles of association. Because
it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Public Units 

Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists
of one ordinary share, one warrant, and one right to receive one-tenth of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business
combination. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as described in the IPO prospectus. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number
of shares. 

Private Placement Units 

The private placement units (including the warrants,
rights or ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants or conversion of the rights) will not be transferable, assignable or
saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described
under Principal Shareholders, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the sponsor).
Holders of our private placement units are entitled to certain registration rights. Otherwise, the private placement units have terms
and provisions that are identical the units sold in the IPO. The price of the private placement units was determined in negotiations between
our sponsor and the underwriter for the IPO, with reference to the prices paid by initial shareholders for such warrants in special purpose
acquisition companies, which have recently consummated their initial public offerings. 

If we do not consummate an initial business combination
within nine months (or within up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance
with the terms described in the IPO prospectus) from the closing of the IPO, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units
held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and
the private placement units (and the underlying securities) will expire worthless. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies or
finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender at the time of the business combination. The units would be identical
to the private placement units sold in the private placement. 

Each of the units that may be issued upon conversion
of extension loans and working capital loans shall be identical to the private placement units. 

Ordinary Shares 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in the Companies
Act, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority
of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions
will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association;
such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation
with another company. Directors are appointed for a term of two years. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment
of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the ordinary shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint
all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out
of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 55,000,000 ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination,
we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of ordinary shares which we are authorized
to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq.
There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

We will provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to
be approximately 10.15 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional 0.297 per public share in the event that our sponsor
elects to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in the IPO prospectus). The per-share amount
we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will
pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive (i) their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public
shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe
or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. 

2 

If a shareholder vote is not required by law and
we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires
these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is
required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies,
offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules.
If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general
meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions
(as described in the IPO prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our
public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of
the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business
combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than ten days nor more than 60 days)
prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such
shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13
of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary
shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such
shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result,
such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to
sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection with
our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any
public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may
elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

3 

Pursuant to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within nine months
from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination, as described in more detail in the IPO prospectus), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds
therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 60,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares and private placement
shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within nine months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months
from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in the
IPO prospectus). However, if our sponsor acquires public shares after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary
shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary
shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable)
upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical to the ordinary
shares included in the units being sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders,
except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below and (ii) our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their
redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares, private placement shares
and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares
in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business
combination within the timeframe set forth therein or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights
or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to their founder shares and private placement shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within nine
months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public
shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we submit our initial business combination
to our public shareholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any
public shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of our initial business combination. Our sponsor may extend the time frame for
the company to complete a business combination by up to an additional nine months contingent upon our sponsor and its affiliates
or designees depositing the required amount of funds for each monthly extension into the trust account. For each month extension, Holders
of our securities will not have to right to approve or disapprove any such monthly extension. Further, holders of our securities will
not have the right to seek or obtain redemption in connection with any such extension. Our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon
five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 227,700 (approximately 0.033 per
public share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each one month extension (up to an aggregate of 2,049,300), or
 0.297 per public share, for an aggregate of nine months). 

4 

With certain limited exceptions, 50 of the founder
shares will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or
exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and the remaining 50 of the founder shares
may not be transferred, assigned or sold until six months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination,
or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for
cash, securities or other property. 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register
of members and there shall be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members of the company and
a statement of the shares held by each member, which: 

(i) distinguishes each share by its number (so long as the share
has a number); 

(ii) confirms the amount paid, or agreed to be considered as paid
on the shares of each member; 

(iii) confirms the number and category of shares held by each member;
and 

(iv) confirms whether each relevant category of shares held by
a member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the company, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the
register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

For these purposes, voting rights 
means rights conferred on shareholders in respect of their shares to vote at general meetings of the company on all or substantially all
matters. A voting right is conditional where the voting right arises only in certain circumstances. 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members
of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on
the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members shall be deemed as a matter of Cayman
Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering,
the register of members shall be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated,
the shareholders recorded in the register of members shall be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However,
there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the
register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of
members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal
position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then
the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Preference shares 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board of Directors will be authorized
to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and
any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board of Directors will be able
to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and
other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board of Directors to
issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of
us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend
to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares are being issued or registered
in the IPO. 

5 

Redeemable Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase
one ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, after the completion of our initial business
combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. The warrants
will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any ordinary
shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement
under the Securities Act with respect to the ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto
is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable for
cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the
issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder,
or an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect
to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless.
In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant
will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the ordinary share and right underlying such unit. 

We have registered the ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants in the registration statement of which the IPO prospectus forms a part because the warrants will become
exercisable upon the completion of our initial business combination, which may be within one year of the IPO. However, because the warrants
will be exercisable until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our initial business combination, in order
to comply with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of our initial business combination,
we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to this registration statement or a new registration
statement, under the Securities Act, covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our best efforts
to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the
effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are
redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration
statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such ordinary shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not
effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time
as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided
that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call
the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

6 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the ordinary
shares equal or exceed 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share capitalizations, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date
we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

We will not redeem the warrants as described above
unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period,
unless we elect to require the exercise of the warrants on a cashless basis as described below. 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us,
we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification
under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register
or qualify such shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the
IPO. 

We have established the last of the redemption criterion
discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price.
If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to
exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the ordinary shares may fall below the
 18.00 redemption trigger price as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If we call the warrants for redemption as described
above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless
basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management
will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders
of issuing the maximum number of ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this
option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of ordinary shares equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess
of the fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The
 fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the ordinary shares for the ten trading days ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management
takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of ordinary shares
to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise
in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe
this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. 

Maximum
Percentage Procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that
such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person
(together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of
4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the ordinary shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to
such exercise. 

7 

Anti-dilution Adjustments. If
the number of issued and outstanding ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization payable in ordinary shares, or by a
sub-division of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization,
sub-division or similar event, the number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in
proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares entitling
holders to purchase ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a capitalization of a number of
ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable
under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for ordinary shares)
multiplied by (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per ordinary share paid in such rights offering divided by
(y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable
for ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration
received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means
the volume weighted average price of ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on
the trading day prior to the first date on which the ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable
market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants
are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of ordinary shares
on account of such ordinary shares (or other ordinary shares into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described
above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash
distributions paid on the ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution
does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that
resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with
respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our ordinary shares the
right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
not complete our initial business combination within nine months from the closing of the IPO (or within up to 18 months if we extend
the period of time to consummate our initial business combination in accordance with the terms described in the IPO prospectus) or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity,
(e) as a result of the repurchase of ordinary shares by us if a proposed initial business combination is presented to our shareholders
for approval, or (f) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination,
then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash
and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If the number of issued and outstanding ordinary
shares is decreased by a share consolidation, combination, reclassification of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective
date of such share consolidation, combination, reclassification or similar event, the number of ordinary shares issuable on exercise of
each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of ordinary shares purchasable
upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant
exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of ordinary shares
purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the
number of ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

8 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be
determined in good faith by our Board of Directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking
into account any founder shares, private placement units, or units upon conversion of working capital loans or extension loans held by
our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate
gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding
of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
volume weighted average trading price of our ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior
to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per
share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants
when the price per ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such ordinary
shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which
we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding ordinary
shares) in which any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the
Exchange Act) acquired more than 50 of the voting power of our securities, or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation
or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety, the holders of the warrants will thereafter
have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount
of ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation,
or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised
their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind
or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash
or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received
per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election. 

The warrants will be issued in registered form under
a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting
any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant
agreement set forth in the IPO prospectus, or defective provision and (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters
or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the
parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of
a majority of the then-outstanding warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered
holders. All adjustments made pursuant to the warrant agreement shall be made equally to all outstanding warrants. You should review a
copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which the IPO prospectus is a part,
for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges
of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance
of ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters
to be voted on by shareholders. 

Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number
of ordinary shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would
be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of
ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. 

9 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law,
any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced
in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we
irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See
 Risk Factors Our warrant agreement and rights agreement with our transfer agent designate the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
or rights holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. This provision applies to claims under the
Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States
of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private placement warrants (including the ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers
of Founder Shares and Private Placement Units, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the
sponsor). Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as
part of the units in the IPO. The placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the
warrants included in the units being sold in the IPO. 

Rights 

If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business
combination in which we will be the surviving entity, each holder of a right will receive one-tenth of one ordinary share upon consummation
of our initial business combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection
with the initial business combination or an amendment to our memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-business combination
activities. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional
ordinary shares upon consummation of an initial business combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit
purchase price paid for by investors in the IPO. The shares issuable upon conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to
the extent held by affiliates of ours). 

If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business
combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the
same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary share will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share
basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth share
underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business combination. More specifically,
the right holder will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the rights into underlying shares as well as to return
the original rights certificates to us. 

If we are unable to complete an initial business
combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with
respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

As soon as practicable upon the consummation of
our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our rights agent. Upon receipt
of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such right(s) the number of full ordinary shares to which he, she
or it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent promptly upon consummation
of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging their rights for ordinary shares
should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in nature and is not intended to provide
us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the rights upon consummation of our initial business combination.
Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no ability to avoid delivery of the shares
underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights
upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly,
the rights may expire worthless. 

10 

Although a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
may issue fractional shares, it is not our intention to issue any fractional shares upon conversions of the rights. In the event that
any holder would otherwise be entitled to any fractional share upon exchange of his, her or its rights, we will reserve the option, to
the fullest extent permitted by the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and other applicable
law, to deal with any such fractional entitlement at the relevant time as we see fit, which would include the rounding down of any entitlement
to receive ordinary shares to the nearest whole share (and in effect extinguishing any fractional entitlement), or the holder being entitled
to hold any remaining fractional entitlement (without any share being issued) and to aggregate the same with any future fractional entitlement
to receive shares in the company until the holder is entitled to receive a whole number. Any rounding down and extinguishment may be done
without any in lieu cash payment or other compensation being made to the holder of the relevant rights, such that value received on exchange
of the rights may be considered less than the value that the holder would otherwise expect to receive. All holders of rights shall be
treated in the same manner with respect to the issuance of shares upon conversions of the rights. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary
shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion
of our Board of Directors at such time. In addition, our Board of Directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent and Rights Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant
agent for our warrants and the rights agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent, warrant agent and rights agent, its agents and each
of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees
that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence,
willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our authorized but unissued ordinary shares and
preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes,
including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued
and unreserved ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means
of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Securities Eligible for Future Sale 

As of December 21, 2022, we had 8,966,500ordinary
shares outstanding. Of these shares, the 6,900,000 ordinary shares sold in the IPO are freely tradable without restriction or further
registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under
the Securities Act. All of the remaining 1,725,000 founder shares and all 341,500 private placement units are restricted securities under
Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and are subject to transfer restrictions
as set forth elsewhere in the IPO prospectus. 

11 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially
owned restricted ordinary shares, warrants or rights for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided
that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months
before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months
(or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted ordinary
shares, warrants or rights for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period
only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then issued and
outstanding, which will equal 78,100 shares immediately after the IPO (or 89,665 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option
in full), on an as converted basis; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the ordinary
shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are
also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former
Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of
securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at
any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following
conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act
reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer
was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its
founder shares and private placement units pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial
business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder shares, private placement
units (including securities contained therein) and units (including securities contained therein) that may be issued on conversion of
working capital loans or extension loans are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the
effective date of the IPO requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up
to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and
rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, ordinary shares, warrants and rights
are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols HMACU, HMAC, HMACW, and HMACR, respectively. 

12 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_hainanman.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Zhifan Zhou , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HAINAN
MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. for the annual period ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release
Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Zhifan Zhou 

Zhifan Zhou 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_hainanman.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wenyi Shen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HAINAN
MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. for the annual period ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) (Paragraph intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release
Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Wenyi Shen 

Wenyi Shen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_hainanman.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of HAINAN
MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Zhifan Zhou 

Zhifan Zhou 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_hainanman.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of HAINAN
MANASLU ACQUISITION CORP. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Wenyi Shen 

Wenyi Shen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hmac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hmac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hmac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hmac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hmac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

