<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1398805_0001683168-23-002090.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5601256</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>214542</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1068006</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1459303</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1289778</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1427850</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002090.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172442
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002090
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Beam Global
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001398805
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				208457250
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38868
		FILM NUMBER:		23789291

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5660 EASTGATE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-799-4583

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5660 EASTGATE DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92121

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Envision Solar International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100407

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Casita Enterprises, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070508

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002090.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 beam_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report under Section 13 or 15 (d)
of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

 or 

 Transition Report under Section 13 or 15
(d) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 
 (IRS Employer ID Number) 

, 

(Address and telephone number of principal executive
offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of principal U.S. market on which traded 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company
under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common stock held by nonaffiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter) was based upon the closing price of the shares on the NASDAQ Capital Market on that date.
This calculation does not reflect a determination that such persons are affiliates for any other purpose. 

The number of registrant's shares of common stock,
 0.001 par value, issuable and outstanding as of March 23, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
proxy statement for the registrant s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which will be filed with the Commission no later than 120
days after the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 

ITEM 1 
 Business 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART II 
 24 

ITEM 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 ITEM 6 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 ITEM 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 Other Information 
 35 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 35 

PART III 
 36 

ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 36 
 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 36 
 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 
 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 36 
 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 36 

PART IV 
 37 

ITEM 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 37 
 
 ITEM 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 40 

i 

PART I 

Unless specifically noted
otherwise, this annual report on Form 10-K reflects the business and operations of Beam Global, a Nevada corporation (hereinafter the
 Company, us, we, our or Beam ). 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward-looking
statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, the industry in which we operate and
other matters, as well as management's beliefs and assumptions and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts. These
statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and prospects. For example, when we use words such as projects, 
 expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, 
 estimates, should, would, could, will, opportunity, 
 potential or may, and variations of such words or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or
outcomes, we are making forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (Securities Act) and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). 

These forward-looking statements
are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company s actual results to be materially different
from any future results expressed or implied by the Company in those statements. The most important factors that could prevent the Company
from achieving its stated goals include, but are not limited to, the following: 

(a) 
 volatility or decline of the Company s stock price, or absence of stock price appreciation; 

(b) 
 fluctuation in quarterly results; 

(c) 
 failure of the Company to earn revenues or profits; 

(d) 
 inadequate capital to continue or expand its business, and the inability to raise additional capital or financing to implement its business plans; 

(e) 
 reductions in demand for the Company s products and services, whether because of competition, general industry conditions, loss of tax incentives for solar power, technological obsolescence or other reasons; 

(f) 
 litigation with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties; 

(g) 
 insufficient revenues to cover operating costs, resulting in persistent losses; 

(h) 
 rapid and significant changes to costs of raw materials from government tariffs or other market factors; 

(i) 
 the preceding and other factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and other reports we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time; and 

(j) 
 the factors set forth in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

1 

We caution you that the foregoing
list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K
primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to
risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report on
Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to
time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements
contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking
statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the
forward-looking statements. 

The forward-looking statements
made in this annual report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated
events, except as required by law. 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Beam is a clean-technology innovation
company based in San Diego, California. We develop, manufacture and sell high-quality, renewably energized infrastructure products for
electric vehicle charging infrastructure, energy storage, energy security, disaster preparedness and outdoor media advertising. Our Electric
Vehicle (EV) charging infrastructure products are powered by locally generated renewable energy and enable vital and highly valuable services
in locations where it is either too expensive, too disruptive or impossible to connect to a utility grid, or where the requirements for
electrical power are so important that grid failures, like blackouts, are intolerable. We do not compete with EV charging companies; rather,
we enable such companies by providing infrastructure solutions that replace the time consuming and expensive process of construction and
electrical work which are usually required to install traditional grid-tied EV chargers. We also do not compete with utilities. Our products
provide utilities with another tool to deliver reliable and low-cost electricity to EV chargers and, in the case of a grid failure, to
first responders and others, through our integrated emergency power panels. We also provide energy storage technologies that make commodity
battery cells safer, longer lasting and more energy efficient and our battery management systems (BMS) and associated packaging make batteries
safe and usable in a variety of mobility, energy-security and stationary applications. 

Our charging products are rapidly
deployed without the need for construction or electrical work. We compete with the highly fragmented and disintegrated ecosystem of general
contractors, electrical contractors, consultants, engineers, permitting specialists and others who are required to perform a traditional
grid-tied EV charger installation construction and electrical project. Our clean-technology products are designed to replace a complicated,
expensive, time consuming and risk prone process with an easy, low total cost of ownership, robust and reliable product. 

Beam s renewable energy
infrastructure products and proprietary technology solutions target four markets that are experiencing significant growth with annual
global spending in the billions of dollars. 

electric vehicle charging infrastructure; 

energy storage solutions; 

energy security and disaster preparedness; and 

outdoor media advertising. 

2 

The Company focuses on creating
high-quality renewable energy products that are rapidly deployable, have diverse use cases and are attractively designed. We believe that
there is a clear need for rapidly deployable and highly scalable EV charging infrastructure, and that our EV ARC and Solar Tree 
products fulfill that requirement. We are agnostic as to the EV charging service equipment as we do not sell EV charging, rather we sell
products which enable it. Our EV ARC and Solar Tree products replace the infrastructure required to support EV chargers,
not the chargers themselves. Our ability to make commodity battery cells safer, longer lived and more energy efficient is, we believe,
a significant differentiator as we move to an increasingly electrified and untethered world. 

We believe our chief differentiators
are: 

our patented, renewably energized products
 dramatically reduce the cost, time and complexity of the installation and operation of EV charging infrastructure when compared to traditional,
 utility grid tied alternatives; 

our proprietary and patented energy storage solutions; 

our first-to-market advantage with
 EV charging infrastructure products which are renewably energized, rapidly deployed and require no construction or electrical work on
 site; 

our products capability to operate during grid outages and to provide a source of EV charging and emergency power rather than becoming inoperable during times of emergency or other grid interruptions; 

our ability to add sufficient electrical capacity to provide for the
 significant increase demand brought by EVs, without having to go through expensive, time consuming and risky utility grid expansion
 (adding power stations, transmission lines and distribution infrastructure like substations); and 

our ability to continuously create new and patentable inventions which are marketable and a complex integration of our proprietary technology and parts, and other commonly available engineered components, which create a further barrier to entry for our competition. 

Products and Technologies 

Electric vehicle charging infrastructure 

 All of our infrastructure products
currently incorporate the same underlying technology with a built-in renewable energy source in the form of attached solar panels and/or
a light wind generator, along with battery storage which enables our products to generate and store all of their own electricity while
operating without connecting to the utility grid. Our products are also able to connect to the grid if a customer values that capability.
We believe that the U.S. and global utility grids lack sufficient capacity to supply enough electricity to all the new EVs and other electrical
devices which are becoming increasingly available to consumers, especially considering the number of national and state governments that
have announced future bans on the sale of gasoline and diesel vehicles, as early as 2025 in Norway, and 2030 in Germany, with most bans
being put in place no later than 2040. Even locations with a grid connection often lack circuits which have enough capacity to support
EV charging in any meaningful way. For example, parking lots might have enough electrical capacity to power lighting but not enough to
power EV charging. Beam products provide that power without a requirement to increase the electrical grid capacity at a site which can
often be, and we believe will increasingly be, expensive, disruptive, complex and time consuming. 

3 

We believe that there will
be an increasing demand and need for rapidly deployed and highly scalable EV charging infrastructure products which do not require construction
or electrical work, and which do not rely on the utility grid for a supply of electricity. We are not aware of any other products which
provide a similar solution for this need as effectively as our patented products which are listed below: 

EV
ARC (Electric Vehicle Autonomous Renewable Charger) Our most popular product, we believe this patented product
is the world s first and only transportable, solar powered EV charging infrastructure product on the market that fits in
a parking space but does not reduce available parking. The EV ARC generates and stores all its own energy and supports Level I,
Level II and DC Fast Charging (requiring 4 interconnected units). The electronics are elevated under the solar array which makes the
unit flood-proof in up to nine and a half feet of water. It does not need a grid connection and therefore needs no trenching, switch
gear, or transformer upgrades. Because there is no foundation, trench or electrical infrastructure, the EV ARC typically does
not require a building or any other kind of permit, and it is easily transportable if a different location is desired. EV ARC 
products can charge between one and six EVs simultaneously and a single unit can provide EV charging to as many as 12 parking spaces. 
 
 Because the EV ARC systems are solar powered, they
are not disrupted during grid interruptions such as black-outs or brown-outs which is becoming increasingly important as more transportation
relies on electricity for fuel. There are no utility bills to pay and there is generally no disruptive planning or required permits from
the utility or local governments. Current grid-tied EV chargers are often placed in locations where a suitable circuit is most easily
accessed and cheapest to install, rather than in the most convenient and desirable locations for EV drivers. EV ARC systems do
not need to be connected to the grid and as such, can be placed anywhere, making them a rapidly deployable and highly scalable solution
for EV charging infrastructure deployed where it is wanted and needed rather than where it is cheapest and easiest to connect to the
utility grid. 
 
 In
2019, we deployed our first EV ARC DC Fast Charging units that provide a 50kW DC fast charge to electric vehicles providing a
range of up to 1,100 miles per day . We also have a patent pending on a version of the EV ARC which, when fully developed, will
be able to provide wireless charging to suitably equipped EVs. 
 
 Because
EV ARC systems are highly visible, we believe that they are an ideal platform for sponsored deployments wherein networks of EV
ARC systems are deployed and owned by us and monetized through sponsorship and naming-rights agreements with corporate sponsors
who are eager to have their brands associated with renewable, clean-energy by sponsoring a city-wide sponsorship of free EV charging
through what we refer to as the Driving on Sunshine network. We intend to deploy our Driving on Sunshine 
network in highly populated areas where we will deliver free EV charging while monetizing the network of EV ARC systems through corporate
sponsorship programs. Our products also create significant reductions in greenhouse gas and CO2 emissions which, we believe, is a further
inducement to encourage corporations to sponsor our network as they may benefit from the carbon offsets generated by a network of EV
ARC systems. 

SolarTree Products This patented product is used for larger scale solar powered EV charging applications. We believe our Solar Tree product to be the only single column, sun tracking, solar support structure with integrated energy storage, EV charging and media platforms available today. The design of our Solar Tree systems are ideal for charging electric buses, electric heavy-duty vehicles, electric agricultural equipment, public transportation and electric vehicles used in the construction industry. In 2020, we launched our new generation of Solar Tree DCFC products with on-board battery storage that do not require a utility grid connection (though grid connection capability is available). As a result, these products can be rapidly deployed and enable EV charging in remote locations where it would otherwise be impossible or economically infeasible, such as rest areas, park and ride locations, construction sites, or any location with insufficient grid connectivity. The costs and environmental impact associated with delivering a 50kW or greater circuit to a remote rest area may be prohibitive, whereas a Solar Tree DCFC can be deployed with minimal site disturbance. 
 
 We believe our Solar Tree products
with on-board battery storage can provide a highly reliable source of energy to provide emergency power to first responders during times
of emergency or other grid failures. We also believe that our Solar Tree products which may be optimized for branding can create
a visually appealing platform for the delivery of a sponsor s brand with a less onerous planning and entitlement process than that
experienced with traditional signage. 

The National Electric Vehicle Infrastructure program
(NEVI) requires 600kW of DC fast charging every 50 miles on US highways. We do not believe that the utility grid can provide this level
of capacity in all locations, especially not in remote parts of the country. We believe that our Solar Tree product could contribute
to providing a solution in many of the underserved locations. We believe that this is a good example of the sort of opportunity for growth
that the Solar Tree product can contribute to Beam Global. 

4 

EV-Standard Product On December 31, 2019, we were issued a patent for this product from the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The EV-Standard is currently in development and will use an existing streetlamp s foundation and grid connection. Combining solar, wind-power and the streetlamp grid connection into on-board batteries which are stored in the EV Standard s column, the product will deliver meaningful Level II EV charging at curbside or on street . The EV-Standard design combines a tracking solar panel, wind energy and utility-generated electricity from the existing streetlamp grid connection in a bank of integrated batteries. While most traditional streetlamps do not have sufficient electrical capacity to provide meaningful EV charging, the combination of all three sources of power will do so in a sustainable and economical manner. Densely populated areas do not have large open parking lots and will require EV charging solutions where drivers park on the street. The EV Standard TM can provide that without investment in expensive, disruptive and time-consuming construction or electrical work. This product will continue to charge during grid failures and greatly reduces the cost of electricity when compared to an all grid-powered solution. We believe that in some instances EV charging may be deployed at every five lamp standards or even greater density. We believe our patented EV Standard product, when developed, will create a significant additional opportunity for product sales and revenue generation. 

Energy Storage Solutions 

 The
global lithium-ion battery market size is projected to grow from USD 41.1 billion in 2021 to USD 116.6 billion by 2030; and it is
expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 12.3 from 2021 to 2030 according to MarketsandMarkets Analysis. We are living
in an increasingly electrified world and more of the devices we rely on are no longer connected to a wall socket or any kind of utility
connection. This untethering requires energy storage to be more energy dense and packaged in increasingly smaller and lighter formats.
Physics dictates that the storage and release of electrical energy will create heat. In extreme cases this can lead to a chain reaction
within a group of battery cells that can be difficult to stop, known as thermal runaway , which has led to some well publicized
fires. Our energy storage products create high performance energy storage solutions used in EV charging, electric vehicles, micro mobility,
aviation, medical devices, robotics, stationary storage and maritime applications. We believe that we are unique in the EV charging industry
in that we use our own proprietary energy storage solutions in our EV ARC units. Our proprietary and patented passive thermal management,
modular platform architecture, and scalable battery management systems (BMS), enhance safety and performance to prevent thermal events,
while extending battery life and reducing lifetime stored energy costs. We provide safe, scalable and high-powered energy storage solutions
which have enabled electrified applications in many formats for Fortune 100 companies in the U.S and Internationally. 

Energy Security and Disaster Preparedness 

 Power outages cost the United
States up to 200 billion per year according to the United States Department of Energy. Our products are fully sustainable and include
battery energy storage that can be used during times of grid or hydrocarbon fueled generator failure or during public safety power shutoff
(PSPS) as may be required in certain jurisdictions. Our primary focus in energy security is to ensure access to EV recharging infrastructure
during grid failures, such as blackouts. As the adoption of EVs increases, it will be critical to have fuel (recharging) infrastructure
that is not reliant on the utility grid with its centralized vulnerabilities. We have witnessed power outages in Texas due to cold weather,
in California and New York due to hot weather and in other parts of the nation whenever inclement conditions such as high winds or flooding
occur. California has also been susceptible to public safety power shutoffs (PSPS) to prevent fires during high wind events. There have
been kinetic and cyber attacks on the grid and the U.S. government has evidence of intrusions by nefarious nation state actors. A recent
Wall Street Journal article reported that attacks on the US power grid rose 71 in 2022 over 2021. A division of the grid oversight body
known as the North American Electric Reliability Corporation found that ballistic damage, intrusion and vandalism largely drove this increase.
All of these events constitute significant vulnerabilities which are expensive, disruptive, inconvenient, and dangerous. As we electrify
our transportation fleets, these events may become catastrophic. The U.S. has a Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) to ensure that it never
runs out of gasoline and diesel, but there is no strategic electric reserve. In fact, many markets are operating at capacity during peak
events. 

5 

Beam s
products provide a hedge against grid failures. Our EV ARC and Solar Tree currently provide, and our EV Standard will provide,
locally generated and stored electricity and are a highly robust and secure source of power to EVs. We are engaged with government officials
at every level to increase awareness of our products and the benefits they can bring to energy security. We are increasingly hearing
suggestions that 25 of all EV charging infrastructure should be independent of the centralized grid. We believe that our products are
uniquely positioned to fulfill this need. Our current contracts with California, Florida, New York City, and the Federal government through
our General Services Administration (GSA) Multiple Award Schedule Contract should ideally position us to take advantage of what we believe
will be a significant increase for the requirements of robust and sustainable EV charging infrastructure. The Biden administration has
stressed increased commitment to: 

1. 
 American made products 

2. 
 Clean Energy 

3. 
 Energy Security 

4. 
 Electrified transportation 

5. 
 Transportation infrastructure 

We believe that our products
are ideally suited to fulfill all of these requirements. 

Outdoor Media Advertising 

As the value of traditional
advertising media such as television, radio, and print diminish, advertisers in the United States and abroad are looking for new outlets
to capture the attention of consumers. The Company believes there is opportunity in the outdoor advertising space to place outdoor content
on Beam s infrastructure products. One objective is to sell advertising space on our products to a company, with the proceeds being
used to fund the delivery of EV ARC systems. Beam s current focus in the media space is selling sponsorship and naming rights
to networks of EV ARC systems deployed across major cities, using a similar model to the Citibike program in New York City. In
2012, Citigroup Inc. paid 41 million for five years of naming rights on New York s bike sharing program. Citibank extended the
naming rights agreement for 70 million to cover the period from 2019 to 2024. Beam intends to replicate this model with our Driving
on Sunshine network. Because EV ARC systems are highly visible, we believe that they are an ideal platform for sponsored deployments
wherein networks of EV ARC systems are deployed and owned by us and monetized through sponsorship and naming-rights agreements
with corporate sponsors who are eager to have their brands associated with the Driving on Sunshine network. Our products
also create significant reductions in greenhouse gas and CO2 emissions which, we believe, can be used as a further inducement to encourage
corporations to sponsor the networks as they may benefit from the carbon offsets generated by a network of EV ARC systems. We believe
that the EV ARC will provide 20 years of service (we have had them operating in the field for almost a decade to date) and will
create a long-term recurring revenue stream from sponsorships. We believe that our Driving on Sunshine network will become more valuable
as more EVs are used by the public. 

In 2020, the Company entered into
a collaboration agreement with the City of San Diego to deploy our solar-powered EV charging infrastructure products across San Diego
(Driving on Sunshine network) and we have engaged a consultant to identify potential sponsors to take advantage of this naming rights
platform. The consultant has elected not to take fees from us on retainer and instead provide services for a percentage of the revenues
we derive from the Driving on Sunshine network in the event that we are successful with this endeavour. The percentage payment is calculated
on and in addition to our pricing and therefore not dilutive to our profitability. We view this industry expert s willingness to
work for success only fees as an indication that this business model continues to have merit. 

Strategy 

Target Markets 

Beam s target markets
consist of several broad segments: state, municipal and federal governments and agencies, auto manufacturers, corporations, energy utility
companies, universities, retail, hospitality and international markets. These segments can further be broken down into increasingly granular
segments as different market opportunities are identified. 

6 

Beam s largest customers
include the U.S. Federal Government, including the Department of Homeland Security, United States Marine Corps, and many other federal
agencies, the State of California, which is a conglomeration of California state agencies and municipalities, and the City of New York.
Historically, the most attractive markets for Beam have been New York and California, but we have expanded the sale of units to 29 states
throughout the U.S., as well as Puerto Rico and Canada. Currently the largest customer using our products is the US Army through our contract
with TechFlow followed by the Veteran s Administration purchased through the General Services Administration. 

The factors below have been
considered in determining favorable markets for our products: 

Economic Factors . Our ability to deploy
 EV charging infrastructure with a fixed cost in environments with difficult, time consuming permitting and regulatory requirements and
 high construction and electrical costs. 

Speed to deploy. As EV adoption increases the requirement for EV charging infrastructure becomes more acute and
 more urgent. We are able to provide EV charging to locations in many cases in less time than it would take them to pull permits for
 grid-tied solutions. 

Scalability. Because we are not constrained by local construction, electrical and permitting requirements we are
 able to scale up EV charging deployments in a manner which is not feasible with traditional approaches because of construction, design
 and engineering challenges inherent in in-the-ground solutions. 

Sociocultural Factors . High concentration of EV drivers and a cultural desire to be good stewards of the environment. 

Technological Factors . Regions with good insolation, expensive energy costs, and poor or degraded air quality, and a lack of capacity or expensive upgrade requirements for their utility grid. 

Consumer Products. Auto manufacturers are delivering more diverse and popular EV models such as Ford s F150 Lightning, GM s electric Hummer, Rivian s RT1, Ford s E Mustang and Kia s EV6 

Political Factors . Political statements, mandates and laws supporting policy to reduce carbon emissions through the electrification of transportation. State and local governments focusing on the transportation industry and the electrification of fleet vehicles to reduce carbon emissions. 

Many of these factors have been
important since the early days of EV adoption. Government tail winds are stronger than ever with many nations and states announcing the
outright banning of gasoline and diesel vehicle sales during the next two decades. In the U.S., California, Oregon and the State of Washington
have announced bans starting in 2035, less than seven years from now. In addition, automotive manufacturers have started production of
electric vehicles which are more consistent with traditional car models that have been popular with U.S. consumers. Ford is selling an
all-electric F150 pickup truck which launched in 2022. Since 1981, the F150 has been the most popular vehicle in the US and the top selling
pickup truck for forty-two years in a row. The electric version of the F150 has the same towing and payload capacity and will be able
to accelerate from 0 to 60 mph in under four seconds. GM has launched an electric Hummer which has 1000HP (compared to the gasoline version
with 300HP) with a similar acceleration rate as the F150. A record number of new electric vehicles in the light-, medium- and heavy-duty
categories were introduced in 2022. 

We believe that the consumer will
adopt EVs faster than many experts are predicting and that as a result, the requirement for growth in EV charging infrastructure will
be more urgent than is currently forecasted or contemplated. We also believe that as the easiest (low hanging fruit) locations for grid-tied
chargers are used up, the process of deploying traditionally installed and powered grid-tied EV chargers will become more expensive and
time consuming. At the same time, we believe that we will continue to reduce the costs to produce our products and become faster at deploying
them. During a period of significant and increasing demand, we believe that our scalability and rapid deployment will create a significant
advantage for our products and our position in the market. We have recently demonstrated our ability to have a single person deploy two
of our EV ARC systems, each capable of supporting as many as six EV chargers, in a customer parking lot at the same time. 

7 

Growth Strategy 

 The electric vehicle market
 is expected to grow at a rapid pace. Research reports indicate that the EV infrastructure market is expected to reach 222 Billion
 by 2030 which is a 31 compound annual growth rate (CAGR) between 2023 2030. California approved a plan for nearly 2.9
 billion in funding for 90,000 new electric vehicle chargers in the state in December 2022 through its California Energy Commission.
 In addition, General Motors has committed to only offer zero-emissions vehicles by 2035 and six major automakers including Ford,
 Mercedes-Benz, Volvo and 3 others, along with 30 nations, signed a pledge to eliminate sales of new gas and diesel-powered cars by
 2035 in leading markets. California s Governor has also issued an executive order that by 2035, all new cars and passenger
 trucks sold in California must be zero-emission vehicles. Massachusetts and New Jersey have followed suit, as has the European
 Union, and others are expected to follow . 17 other states bind their emissions
 standards to California s. We currently operate in four rapidly growing markets: EV
 charging infrastructure, energy storage (batteries) outdoor media advertising and energy security and disaster preparedness. Our
 products are being used in 29 U.S. states, over 170 municipalities, three international countries, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin
 Islands in the Caribbean. We believe that our products have a global appeal and that we are only at a very early stage in t he
 development of our sector. We believe that our strategic growth plan will enable us to increase our user base and revenues while
 increasing profitability. Our strategic growth plan includes: 

Engaging government relations experts to educate decision makers on the value of our Made in America products. 

Increase marketing efforts to educate potential customers. 

Expanding our geographic footprint and customer base. 

Increasing our gross margins by increasing production volumes, improving operating efficiencies and reducing the cost of materials and production. 

Increase leverage of outsourcing as our manufacturing process scales. 

Expand our recurring revenue business. 

Educate potential customers regarding federal and other government grants, investment tax credits, and other incentives available to our customers. 

Capture market share of the electrified personal and public transportation space, which is at a nascent phase. 

Continue to expand our Outdoor Media Business unit. 

Continue to develop and innovate new products and building a strong IP portfolio. 

Sales and Marketing 

Beam utilizes a combination
of an in-house sales team and outside consultants and sells through a direct sales and marketing channel, pairing customers with our sales
specialists, or Clean Mobility Experts, to ensure their needs are met. 

8 

Our sales process is
heavily focused on educating prospective customers about our products. We have been heavily investing more in marketing materials and
videos, and we have engaged a public relations firm to educate the market. Beam uses research to identify potential customers,
as well as contacts established through trade show events and in-bound calls. We also utilize a combination of regional and industry focused
campaigns, nurturing campaigns, speaking opportunities, product demonstrations, press releases and social media (Facebook, Instagram,
Twitter, and LinkedIn). Beam is, we believe, an industry leader in the sustainable EV charging infrastructure space, and we use our website
and social media to highlight our innovative products and offerings. 

The sale of our products often
have long sales cycles due to the large capital expense and sophisticated nature of our products though we have observed a reduction in
the length of certain sales cycles along with an increase in the number of units ordered recently. We believe this is attributable to
an increase in awareness and acceptance of our products as well as an increase in the urgency surrounding the deployment of EV charging
infrastructure. Sales often rely on bureaucratic processes and funding approval which can result in extended sales cycles. We also support
our customers by identifying grants and the federal grant process to reduce the cost of their purchase. 

Our products may be eligible
for various tax and other incentives which can significantly reduce the out-of-pocket expense paid by a customer for our products. Examples
of these incentives include: 

Federal Solar Investment Tax Credit (ITC) (Section 48 of the tax code). This may provide a tax credit, which is currently at 30 of the amount of a solar energy system purchase. 

Rule 179 Depreciation or Bonus Depreciation - allows our customers to accelerate depreciation of their solar energy system up to 80 of the cost of the system in the first year it is in service. 

The recent Bipartisan Infrastructure Law includes an update to an incentive
which helps make EV chargers more accessible for commercial use. The tax credit for commercial entities now can be used for up to 100,000
per deployment. 

In addition, President Biden
has made several commitments to the funding of clean energy and EV charging at the federal level and we believe the current administration
will continue incentives for products such as ours in the future. Some of the federal and state funding programs include: 

A federal infrastructure bill passed in November 2021 designated 7.5 billion for the deployment of 500,000 EV charging stations across the US, 5.0 billion of which will be made available under the new National Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (NEVI) Formula Program which is allocated to state transportation departments and an additional 2.5 billion is available in grant opportunities to help connect rural and marginalized communities to electric vehicles. The Federal Government released a guidance manual on how NEVI funds should be spent in the first quarter of 2022. A picture of Beam Global s products was used to illustrate the front cover of that manual. 

California approved a plan for nearly 2.9 billion in funding for 90,000 new electric vehicle chargers in the state in December 2022 through its California Energy Commission. 

The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) of the US Department of Transportation published a final rule on February 29, 2023 establishing regulations setting minimum standards and requirements for projects funded under the NEVI Program which will be effective March 30, 2023 through its California Energy Commission. 

The U.S. Department of Transportation s new Charging and Fueling Infrastructure (CFI) Discretionary Grant Program, established by the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, will provide 2.5 billion over five years to a wide range of applicants, including cities, counties, local governments, and tribes. This round of funding makes up to 700 million from Fiscal Years (FY) 2022 and 2023 funding available to strategically deploy EV charging and other alternative vehicle-fueling infrastructure projects in publicly accessible locations in urban and rural communities, as well as along designated Alternative Fuel Corridors (AFCs) 

9 

We believe that because our
products are rapidly deployed, enhance energy security and are made in America, that we are well positioned to benefit from these and
other initiatives. 

Major Customer Contracts 

In 2022 and 2021, we had two
major customer contracts, the State of California and the General Services Administration (GSA) Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) that accounted
for a substantial portion of our revenue. 

 Contract
with the California Department of General Services . The California Contract permits California state and local government agencies,
including cities, counties, special districts, California State universities, University of California systems, K-12 school districts,
and community colleges, to purchase EV ARCs , ARC Mobility Trailers, and related accessories from us. The initial term of
our contract with the California Department of General Services (the California Contract was for one year with two extension
options for one year, which were exercised. In June 2018, the California Contract was renewed for up to four more years (two years with
two additional one-year options), and its scope was expanded to include more of our products, including our EV ARC DC Fast Charging
Electric Vehicle Autonomous Renewable Charger, with a California estimated value of over 20 million. In January 2021, the contract was
extended through June 2022 and was expanded so that it could be utilized by government agencies across the U.S. In June 2022, we were
awarded a new three-year state-wide contract which can be used by state, local and municipal government entities throughout the U.S.
We have sold 234 EV ARCs through this contract, for a total of 16.4 million through December 31, 2022, of which 73 units totaling 5.2
million were sold in 2022. 

GSA MAS Contract . 
The GSA MAS contract is a five-year contract effective as of November 1, 2020, awarded by the GSA following an extensive evaluation process.
This contract simplifies the federal procurement process and ensures best pricing. We sold 96 EV ARCs through this contract totaling
 7.9 million in 2022. 

Competitors 

We do not compete with EV charging
companies or utilities. In fact, we support the major EV charging product and service providers by factory integrating their products
onto ours prior to deployment. We have deployed ChargePoint, Blink, Enel, Electrify America and many other quality charging brands. We
also do not compete with utilities who use our product as another tool to provide electricity, primarily for EV charging to their customers.
We currently have seven utility customers and anticipate that that number will grow as more utilities become engaged in EV charging and
also in deploying distributed generation resources to enhance grid stability. Our product is unique in that we are a complete solution
for EV charging infrastructure requirements. Our product provides both a renewable energy source, and EV charging capability in a rapidly
deployed and highly scalable construction-free format. We do compete with a number of companies which are involved in the design, construction
and installation of fixed grid-connected EV charging stations that depend on the utility grid for a source of power, and on the construction
and civil and electrical engineering services for the installation of traditional infrastructure. 

Competition in the solar renewable
energy and EV charging industries is intense, and competition is fragmented among a wide variety of entities. Companies such as Schneider,
Eaton, Enel X, and Bosch manufacture EV charging units but do not offer charging services. There are many companies which offer installation
services for the EV charging market. They are typically electrical and general contracting companies as well as some larger project management
firms such as Black and Veatch, Bechtel, CH2M Hill and AECOM. Companies such as ChargePoint (NYSE: CHPT) and Blink (NASDAQ: BLNK) offer
EV charging services and hardware but not, typically, installation. Our EV ARC units incorporate whatever charger the customer
wants, so we are not competing with the charger company, but rather creating opportunities for them which they might not otherwise have
had. 

iSun, Inc. (Nasdaq: ISUN) offers an off-grid charging solution using solar power to charge batteries,
but their product is not transportable, does not have solar tracking, does not fit in a standard parking space and requires permitting,
construction and electrical work for its installation. 

EV Sheltron uses 20ft shipping containers with batteries inside, solar panels on the roof and an EV charger
bolted to the outside. They can deploy almost as fast as we can and operate off grid but there are several clear disadvantages: 

10 

o Containers render a parking space unusable. Our products do not do that and that strength is protected by one of our patents. Most
jurisdictions have a minimum number of parking spaces required for the use on the property. If you remove even one parking space then
the property can drop out of compliance. Our products do not reduce available parking but shipping containers in a parking space do. 
 
 o A 20ft shipping container does not fit into a standard legal parking space which measures 9 X18 . Two feet of the container
will encroach on the drive aisle which is generally not a good idea and often illegal because drive aisles can also serve as fire lanes. 
 
 o Container does not have BeamTrak , our patented sun tracking and as such cannot get the same energy
density which means less electricity to deliver to EVs. 
 
 o Containers can be considered unsightly and many property owners may not want them in their parking lots
even without the above points being made. We have been told that our products are viewed as attractive and we often hear that they have
a sort of Apple look about them which enhances the customer location. 

Paired Power offers a pop up solar canopy but we do not believe that it fits inside a legal
sized parking space without reducing available parking. We also do not believe that it can withstand the same environmental conditions
such as wind and seismic that our EV ARC product can. It also must be assembled by on-site personnel in contrast to EV ARC s
rapid assembly-free unfolding deployment. 
 Volta (NYSE: SNPR) is a
San Francisco based EV charging company which derives revenue through the sale of advertising. Volta provides some free charging for
EVs and are deployed in shopping malls and other similar locations. While they do not have solar-powered, rapidly deployed
infrastructure solutions, their business model of using media revenue instead of EV charging fees most closely matches our media
business model. Volta was recently acquired by Shell. 

Many solar installation
companies are now fixing EV chargers to their parking lot structures and some are offering packages combining solar rooftop
installations and EV charger installations for the residential marketplace. These installations are almost always grid-tied, require
construction and electrical work and do not include energy storage. 

Another example of an entity which
is providing free or discounted EV charging infrastructure is Electrify America, the EV charging provider is required to spend approximately
 2 billion on EV charging infrastructure 800 million in California) to satisfy the requirements of a settlement with the U.S. government.
Electrify America is a customer of Beam Global and has used our products to assist in the expansion of their EV charging network. 

We also face competition, to some
extent, from entities which are offering free or discounted EV charging infrastructure to our prospective customers. Utilities such as
the three large IOUs (investor-owned utilities) in California (SDG E, PG E, SCE) have successfully lobbied the California Public
Utility Commission for permission to rate base the costs of installations of EV chargers. As a result, they can offer the installation,
or make readies of electrical circuits and other civil infrastructure, for a lower price or in some instances for free,
to certain customers. We are adding utilities to our customer base and have provided product to seven utilities to date. We do not view
utilities as long-term competition and instead view them as a significant opportunity as they increasingly add off grid solutions to their
energy mix. 

Where energy security is concerned,
we consider the competition from companies that produce generators and combined solar and storage solutions. Companies in this space range
from small startup companies like Green Charge Networks to behemoths like General Electric and NEC. Siemens, Eaton, Schneider, Generac
and other large electrical component companies are all also working on combined renewables/storage product solutions. We are in contact
with all these companies and have not observed that any of them have a product which provides all the same value and differentiation that
our EV ARC product delivers because our EV ARC systems are transportable, rapidly deployed and offer multiple layers of
value beyond EV charging and emergency power. For example, during 2020, some of our EV ARC products were repurposed by our customers
from customer locations to Covid-19 Emergency Pop-Up Centers to provide remote emergency power and EV charging. 

11 

Our competitive advantage
over these other solutions includes: 

o 
 Rapid deployability and scalability of our products. Our products offer a turnkey solution that is manufactured in our facility and delivered to a customer and can be deployed in less than an hour. This compares with requiring an entire ecosystem involving the design, engineering, permitting and constructing of civil projects which requires engaging a company, or group of companies, including architects, civil engineers, electrical engineers, zoning specialists, consultants, general contractors, electrical contractors, and EVSE vendors. These grid-tied projects can take six months to two years to complete. 

o 
 Lower total cost of ownership. Beam s products are powered by renewable sources. As a result, there is no charge for on-going energy to power vehicles because our products do not generate a utility bill. 

o 
 Ability to operate during blackouts and brownouts. Most of the EV ARC 
systems we deploy include an emergency power panel that can be used for emergency power to charge other devices and emergency equipment
during outages. Typical grid-tied solutions fail during grid failures and do not provide a source of emergency power. Even those grid-tied
solutions that have back up battery integration rely on the grid to charge their batteries. During prolonged grid failures, those systems
fail while Beam products continue to operate. 

o 
 Because a grid connection is not required, Beam s EV ARC can be located anywhere, including remote locations that are hard to connect to a grid. Most grid-tied chargers are deployed in locations where the utility grid is easy and inexpensive to connect to. Many EV drivers have experienced this when they find charging units behind supermarkets next to dumpsters. This is because the utility grid interconnection exists at the back of the store and as such that is the cheapest place to deploy. We believe that early adopters of EVs are more willing to make these sorts of concessions than mainstream consumers will be. We believe that in the future two impacts will drive the installation of EV chargers in more expensive and complicated locations where grid connection is concerned. First, the locations close to grid connections will be used first and second mainstream consumers will not be content with parking and charging in less convenient locations which are generally perceived as unsafe or ugly or both. Both impacts will drive the deployment of EV chargers in front of stores and other locations where people want to park. Those locations typically do not have readily available grid connections so the cost and complexity to bring the grid to the charger will increase dramatically. The cost and complexity to deploy our products will not increase and in fact, we believe that, like any other manufacturing company, our costs will decrease while our efficiency and deployment velocity increases. 

We believe that the utility grid lacks sufficient capacity to replace oil as transportation fuel. The grid was not designed and has not been updated to do this. In many markets the grid is already operating at maximum capacity particularly during hot weather when people increase their air conditioning requirements. Our products provide extra capacity to charge EVs without requiring complicated, time consuming, environmentally impactful and risky expansions of the centralized utility grid infrastructure. 

o 
 Environmentally sound
 product using clean energy. Grid-tied chargers rely upon electricity, more than 60 of which is generated by burning fossil fuels.
 The electricity our products provide is 100 emissions free. Furthermore, the construction activities required to dig trenches,
 manufacture and pour concrete and perform the other tasks related to the construction and electrical installation of a grid-tied
 charger are environmentally impactful and reduce the environmental benefits of EVs. Our products are deployed with minimal or no
 disruption or environmental impact making them a cleaner choice. 

o 
 Beam products can be relocated which gives the customer the flexibility to move it if a job site changes or business needs change. Grid-tied installations are a permanent solution. Many of our customers operate in leased facilities. The transportability of our products means that a customer can remove them when a lease matures whereas grid-tied solutions become tenant improvements and a sunk investment. 

o 
 BeamTrak , our patented solar tracking solution which causes the solar array to follow the sun generating up to 25 percent more electricity than a fixed array, is a significant advantage for our products over any similar offering. Our unique ability to deliver 25 more driving miles to an EV from an off-grid solar installation is, we believe, a significant differentiator. 

o 
 Our ability to continuously improve our product s energy production while reducing costs means that while the grid-tied competition is stuck at a theoretical maximum amount of energy that can be delivered at a given location, our products have continued to deliver more power without costing more. 

o 
 Beam offers a product that delivers DC fast charging solely from solar generation, which we have not seen in the market to date. 

12 

Manufacturing 

We are headquartered in San Diego,
California in a leased building of approximately 53,000 square feet professionally equipped to handle the significant growth possibilities
we believe are in front of us. The facility houses our corporate operations, sales, design, engineering and product manufacturing. In
2022, we were staffed for one shift, five days a week and believe that at that level we can produce approximately 260 EV ARC units
per year. We also believe that with an expansion of human resources, capital investment, increased engagement of contract manufacturing
and operating extra shifts, we could produce approximately 4,000 EV ARC units a year from our current facility. As a result of
our recent acquisition of All Cell in 2022, we also lease an 18,000 sq/ft facility in Broadview, Illinois where we produce our energy
storage products for our own products and also for a variety of other customers who need energy storage solutions. 

All of our products are currently
designed, developed and manufactured in one or other of these facilities. We have been able to reduce our costs and improve our quality
by performing fabrication in-house. This also provides a good environment for improving the manufacturing process as well as for the development
of new products. Many of our suppliers are local which allows for shorter lead times and lower transportation costs. The EV ARC 
product family requires no field installation work and is typically delivered to the customer site by us or by a third-party transportation
company for a fee. We sell our Solar Tree products as an engineered kit of parts to be installed by third parties employed by the
buyer of the Solar Tree kit. 

We continually endeavor
to reduce component costs and make production and design improvements in both our products and our processes to reduce our
manufacturing costs, while maintaining the high quality for which we strive. As unit sales continue to increase, we anticipate that
we will be able to spread our fixed overhead costs over more units, reducing the cost per unit. 

Customer Concentration 

 During 2022, 62 of our revenue
was attributable to federal, state and local governments, compared to 87 in 2021. Furthermore, 23 of our revenue was attributable to
the state agencies and municipalities in the State of California, compared to 55 in 2021. 

Backlog 

Our backlog at December 31,
2022 was 59.3 million, of which 58.8 million is deliverable within twelve months. Our backlog at December 31, 2021 was 4.1 million,
of which 3.9 million is deliverable within twelve months. Reported backlog represents firm purchase orders or contracts received by customers
for deliveries scheduled in the future. 

Government Regulation 

 Businesses in general are subject
to extensive regulation at the federal, state, and local level. We are subject to extensive government regulation relating to employment,
health, safety, working conditions, labor relations, and the environment in the course of the conduct of our business. In order for our
customers to enable the installation of some of our products, they can be required to obtain permits from local and other governmental
agencies. In the event that our customers elect to connect our products to the utility grid, they must comply with the applicable rules
and regulations of the relevant state public utility agencies. In order for our customers to take advantage of available tax and other
governmental incentives associated with the installation of solar power production facilities, and the production and use or sale of solar
power, they must comply with the applicable regulatory terms and conditions. Changes to new government regulations may have a material
adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Employees 

As of the date
of this report, we have 131 employees, of which 30 are temporary employees. Most of the temporary employees are retained through a temporary
employment agency to maximize our flexibility and to reduce the risks and costs associated with permanent employees. We believe our employee
relations to be good. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or collective bargaining agreement. 

13 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 

You should carefully consider
the following risk factors, in addition to the other information contained in this report on Form 10-K, including the section of this
report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our financial
statements and related notes. If any of the events described in the following risk factors and the risks described elsewhere in this report
occurs, our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. This report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements as a result of factors that are described below and elsewhere in this report. 

We have sustained recurring
losses since inception and expect to incur additional losses in the foreseeable future. We were formed on June 12, 2006 and
have reported annual net losses since inception. For our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we experienced net
losses of 19.7 million and 6.6 million, respectively, including cash and noncash expenses under generally accepted accounting principles).
Non-cash expenses including depreciation, amortization, non-cash compensation and contingent consideration included in the above losses
are 9.2 million and 1.3 million for fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Further, as of December
31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 77.3 million. In addition, we expect to incur additional losses in the future, and there can
be no assurance that we will achieve profitability. Our future viability, profitability and growth depend upon our ability to raise capital
and successfully operate and expand our operations. We cannot assure that any of our efforts will prove successful or that we will not
continue to incur operating losses. 

We may need to raise
additional capital or financing to continue to execute and expand our business. Our net proceeds from a public offering
in 2020 helped to fund our operations for recent years. On September 2, 2022, we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with B.
Riley, under which the Company has the right, in its sole discretion, to sell to B. Riley up to 30.0 million, or a maximum of 2.0 million
shares of the Company s common stock at 97 of the volume weighted average price VWAP of the Company s common
stock. However, there is no guarantee that we can raise capital using this vehicle at terms that are acceptable to the Company if we need
to fund investment in our business or if it takes longer than expected to achieve positive cashflow. We may be required to pursue sources
of additional capital through various means, including sale and leasing arrangements, and debt or equity financings. If the amount of
capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital
needs, we may have to reduce our operations accordingly. 

 Our
revenues are concentrated in a small number of customers and they may decrease significantly if we were to lose one of these customers .
We have a few large customers including the State of California s Department of General Services and the City of New York that generated
16 and 6 , respectively, of revenues in 2022 and 38 and 2 , respectively, of revenues in 2021. In addition, we were awarded several
federal contracts in 2022, that may not be repeated in the future. The contract with the State of California can be used by a diverse
group of state and local agencies within the state or across the country for the purchase of our products. The receipt of orders under
this contract has been irregular and can create fluctuation in our revenues. In addition, there is no obligation for this customer to
purchase any additional units, or to renew the contract when it expires. The State of California contract will expire on June 23, 2025. 

Our revenue growth depends
on consumers willingness to adopt electric vehicles. Our growth is highly dependent upon the adoption of electric
vehicles EV ), and we are subject to a risk of any reduced demand for EVs. If the market for EVs does not gain broad market
acceptance or develops more slowly than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. The
market for alternative fuel vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition,
additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements, long development cycles
for EV original equipment manufacturers, and changing consumer demands and behaviors. Factors that may influence the purchase and use
of alternative fuel vehicles, and specifically EVs, include: 

perceptions about EV quality, safety (in particular with respect to lithium-ion battery packs), design, performance and cost, especially if adverse events or accidents occur that are linked to the quality or safety of EVs; 

the limited range over which EVs may be driven on a single battery charge and concerns about running out of power without access to sufficient charging infrastructure; 

14 

improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine; 

the environmental consciousness of consumers; 

volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline; 

consumers perceptions of the dependency of the U.S. on oil from unstable or hostile countries and the impact of international conflicts; 

government regulations and economic incentives promoting fuel efficiency and alternate forms of energy; 

access to charging stations and consumers perceptions about convenience and cost to charge an EV; and 

the availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate EVs or future regulation requiring increased use of nonpolluting vehicles. 

The influence of any of these
factors may negatively impact the widespread consumer adoption of EVs, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating
results, financial condition and prospects. 

We may acquire other businesses, which could
require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and harm our business, revenue and financial
results. 

As part of our business strategy,
we intend to make acquisitions to add complementary companies, products or technologies, such as our recent acquisition of All Cell. Our
acquisitions may not achieve our goals, and we may not realize benefits from acquisitions. Any integration process will require significant
time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. If we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, or the
personnel or technologies associated with those acquisitions, the business, revenue and financial results of the combined company could
be harmed. We may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired assets and accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition,
including accounting charges. We may also incur unanticipated liabilities that we assume as a result of acquiring companies. We may have
to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, each of which could affect our financial condition
or the value of our securities. We would expect to finance any future acquisitions through a combination of additional issuances of equity,
corporate indebtedness or cash from operations. The sale of equity to finance any such acquisitions could result in dilution to our stockholders.
The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions that
would impede our ability to manage our operations. In the future, we may not be able to find other suitable acquisition candidates, and
we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. Our acquisition strategy could require significant management
attention, disrupt our business and harm our business, revenue and financial results. 

We are dependent on
a limited number of suppliers for our battery cells, and in the current market, there is a risk that these suppliers will not be able
to provide cells at prices and volumes acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

We source battery cells from
a few suppliers, but the demand for cells and for lithium has increased over the past year with the increase in electrification and the
growing demand for electric vehicles. It is possible that our suppliers will not have adequate supply to cover our demand, or the price
of the cells will increase due to shortages, impacting our ability to ship units and/or cause the price of our products to increase. While
we believe that we will be able to establish additional supplier relationships for our battery cells, we may be unable to do so in the
short term or at all at prices, quality or costs that are favorable to us. 

 We face intense competition,
and many of our competitors have substantially greater resources than we do. We are not aware of other companies that provide
a similar infrastructure product that we do, utilizing solar energy to power EV charging in a transportable product. However, we compete
with traditional grid-tied charging stations. Our challenge is to market our products to ensure that potential customers in this industry
are aware of our product offering. Competition in the solar renewable energy and EV charging industries is intense, and competition is
fragmented among a wide variety of entities. We operate in a highly competitive environment that is characterized by price fluctuations
and rapid technological change. Our competitors often have greater market recognition and substantially greater resources than we do.
Competition in our market may intensify in the future. Competitors may develop products that may ultimately have costs similar to, or
lower than, our projected costs. If we fail to compete successfully, our business would suffer and we may lose or be unable to gain market
share and our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

15 

A
significant portion of our revenue is derived from our core product category. We are dependent on revenues from our EV ARC 
product to be successful in the future. While we now have energy storage products following our acquisition of AllCell Technologies,
Inc. in 2022 and we offer our Solar Tree product and we intend to bring our EV Standard product to market, no assurance can be given
that our EV ARC sales will continue to have market acceptance or that they will continue to grow in the future. The loss or reduction
of sales of this product category could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and
liquidity. 

The renewably energized
EV charging industry, is an emerging market that is constantly evolving and may not develop to the size or at the rate we expect. Solar
and wind powered EV charging, is an emerging and constantly evolving market. We believe the industry may take several years to fully develop
and mature, and we cannot be certain that the market will grow at the rate we expect. Any future growth of EV charging, and the success
of our products depend on many factors beyond our control. These factors include without limitation recognition and acceptance of EVs
and EV charging products by customers and users, the pricing of alternative sources of energy, a favorable regulatory environment, the
continuation of expected tax benefits and other incentives and our ability to provide our product offerings cost-effectively. If the markets
for EV charging do not develop at the rate we expect, our business may be adversely affected. 

Tariffs imposed pursuant
to Section 201 of the Trade Act of 1974 could significantly and adversely affect our business, revenues, margins, results of operations,
and cash flows. We currently have no plans to use solar modules which are subject to tariffs, however on January 23, 2018, the
President of the United States issued Proclamation 9693, which approved recommendations to impose safeguard tariffs on imported solar
cells and modules, based on the investigations, findings, and recommendations of the U.S. International Trade Commission (the International
Trade Commission ). Recently, we have purchased solar panels exclusively from one supplier who is exempt from these tariffs. However,
additional tariffs were imposed on other products, including cells used in our batteries. It is possible that tariffs may increase the
costs and restrict the supply of certain of our components, causing us harm. The imposition of tariffs is likely to result in a wide range
of impacts on the targeted U.S. industries and the global market in general. Such tariffs, if our products or the parts we use to manufacture
our products are ultimately determined to be subject to them, could result in significant additional costs to us. If we elected to pass
such increase in costs on to our customers, they could cause a significant reduction in demand for our products. 

Existing regulations
and policies and changes to these policies may present technical, regulatory, and economic barriers to the purchase and use of solar power
products, which may significantly reduce demand for our products and services. The market for electric generation products is
heavily influenced by federal, state and local government laws, regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry in the
United States and abroad, as well as policies adopted by electric utilities. Changes that make solar power less competitive with other
power sources could result in a significant reduction in the demand for our products. The market for electric generation equipment is
also influenced by trade and local content laws, regulations and policies that can discourage growth and competition in the solar industry
and create economic barriers to the purchase of solar power products, thus reducing demand for our products. Any new regulations or policies
pertaining to our products may result in significant additional expenses to us, which could cause a significant reduction in demand for
our solar power products. 

In high demand locations,
the use of our products could exhaust their electricity supply on particular days, even with our storage batteries. Our solar
products create and store electricity during daylight hours. While this process has generally been effective to meet daily EV charging
and energy storage demand, it is possible that heavy charging could cause a power draw exceeding the onboard electricity generation and
storage capacity. In such instances, except for our grid-connected products, the EV charger would have to recharge through solar energy
replenishment or other direct outside charge before EV charging could resume. 

16 

Developments in alternative
technologies or improvements in distributed solar energy generation may have a material adverse effect on demand for our offerings. Significant
developments in alternative technologies, such as advances in other forms of distributed solar power generation, storage solutions, such
as batteries, the widespread use or adoption of fuel cells for residential or commercial properties or improvements in other forms of
centralized power production, transmission and distribution, may have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. Any failure
by us to adopt new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to react to changes in existing technologies, could result in product obsolescence,
the loss of competitiveness of our products, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors. 

Defects or performance
problems in our products could result in loss of customers, reputational damage, and decreased revenue, and we may face warranty, indemnity,
and product liability claims arising from defective products. Although our products meet our stringent quality requirements, they
may contain undetected errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new generations are released. Errors, defects, or poor
performance can arise due to design flaws, defects in raw materials or components or manufacturing difficulties, which can affect both
the quality and the yield of the product. Any actual or perceived errors, defects, or poor performance in our products could result in
the replacement or recall of our products, shipment delays, rejection of our products, damage to our reputation, lost revenue, diversion
of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts, and increases in customer service and support costs, all of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may be subject to
product liability claims . If one of our products were to cause injury to someone or cause property damage, including as a result
of product malfunctions, defects, or improper installation, then we could be exposed to product liability claims. We could incur significant
costs and liabilities if we are sued and if damages are awarded against us. Further, any product liability claim we face could be expensive
to defend and could divert management s attention. The successful assertion of a product liability claim against us could result
in potentially significant monetary damages, penalties or fines, subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive
position, and adversely affect sales of our products. In addition, product liability claims, injuries, defects, or other problems experienced
by other companies in the solar industry could lead to unfavorable market conditions for the industry as a whole and may have an adverse
effect on our ability to attract new customers, thus harming our growth and financial performance. 

If we are unable to
keep up with advances in EV technology, we may suffer a decline in our competitive position. The EV industry is characterized
by rapid technological change. We do not manufacture the EV service equipment (EVSE) which connects to the EV, rather, we deliver power
to other vendors EVSE products. As such, we believe that we are less prone to impacts caused by changes in EV technology. Nevertheless,
if we are unable to keep up with changes in EV technology or the costs associated with such changes, our competitive position may deteriorate
which would materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. As technologies change,
we plan to upgrade or adapt our EV products in order to continue to provide EV charging services with the latest technology. 

If a third party asserts
that we are infringing upon its intellectual property, it could be costly and time-consuming litigation, and our business may be harmed.
 The EV and EV charging industries are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks and
trade secrets. Although we are not presently aware of any current or threatened third party intellectual property rights claims against
the Company, there is a risk that the Company could face third party intellectual rights claims against its products and challenges to
the validity or enforceability of its products and trademarks in the future which could harm our relationships with our customers, may
deter future customers from subscribing to our services or could expose us to litigation with respect to these claims. 

The success of our business
depends in large part on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patent,
copyright, service mark, trademark, and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions, to establish
and protect our proprietary rights. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be successful in obtaining these patents, service marks
or trademarks, or that these applications will not be challenged, that others will not attempt to infringe upon our rights, or that these
filings will afford us adequate protection or competitive advantages. If we are unable to protect our rights to our intellectual property
or if such property infringes on the rights of others, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

17 

The success of our business
depends on the continuing contributions of Desmond Wheatley and other key personnel who may terminate their employment with us at any
time, and we will need to hire additional qualified personnel. We rely heavily on the services of Desmond Wheatley, our chairman
and chief executive officer, as well as other management personnel. The Compensation Committee has structured a long-term compensation
plan to retain key employees, however, loss of the services of any such individuals would adversely impact our operations. In addition,
we believe our technical personnel represent a significant asset and provide us with a competitive advantage over many of our competitors.
Our future success will depend upon our ability to retain these key employees and our ability to attract and retain other skilled financial,
engineering, technical and managerial personnel. 

If we are unable to
attract, train and retain highly qualified personnel, the quality of our services may decline and we may not successfully execute our
growth strategies. Our success depends in large part upon our ability to continue to attract, train, motivate and retain highly
skilled and experienced employees, including technical personnel. The loss of personnel or our inability to hire or retain sufficient
personnel at competitive rates of compensation could impair our ability to secure and complete customer engagements and could harm our
business. 

We are exposed to various
possible claims and hazards relating to our business, and our insurance may not fully protect us. Although we maintain modest
theft, casualty, liability, cyber and property insurance coverage, along with worker s compensation and related insurance, we cannot
assure that we will not incur uninsured liabilities and losses as a result of the conduct of our business. In particular, we may incur
liability if one or more of our other products are deemed to have caused a personal injury. Should uninsured losses occur, they would
have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and business performance. 

We may face litigation
in the future. As a manufacturer and seller of goods, we are exposed to the risk of litigation for a variety of reasons in addition
to reasons relating to intellectual property rights, product liability lawsuits, employee lawsuits, commercial contract disputes,
government enforcement actions, and other legal proceedings. We cannot assure that future litigation in which we may become involved will
not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, business performance, and business reputation. 

The costs incurred by
us to develop and manufacture our products may be higher than anticipated which could hurt our ability to earn a profit. We may
incur substantial cost overruns in the development, manufacture, and distribution of products. The cost of production materials increased
during the COVID-19 pandemic and they continue to be higher than pre-pandemic days. Unanticipated costs may force us to obtain additional
capital or financing from other sources and would hinder our ability to earn a profit. If we incur cost overruns, there is no assurance
that we could obtain the financing or capital to cover them. 

The equipment comprising
our products currently charge at rates that are comparable to the average charging speed of competitors, but that may change in the future.
 Our standard EV ARC as a stand-alone does not provide a DC Fast Charge, rather, it charges EVs at a Level II pace which
is consistent with the majority of installed EV chargers in the U.S. To date, we have found that since most EV trips are relatively short
and local, the standard EV ARC has satisfied consumer demand. Our EV ARC HP DC Fast Charging Electric Vehicle Autonomous
Renewable Charger can provide a DC Fast Charge, so we believe we can compete in that market. Nevertheless, the demand for faster EV charging
may increase in the future, requiring us to adjust our marketing and sales strategies. There is no assurance that our equipment will remain
competitive in the market in the future, causing possible customer complaints and claims, and the loss of sales in the future. 

Our Company depends
on key suppliers . The Company sources its materials and components from a wide variety of vendors. They are standard off-the-shelf
components, but these components differ between manufacturers in terms of their specifications and performance. If one of these components
became unavailable, it could hinder our ability to operate profitably and have a material adverse impact on our operating results, financial
condition and business performance. We may be able to secure supply from another source and incorporate it in our design, but it would
require modifications which could impact product deliveries. For these components, we maintain adequate supply to mitigate any supply
risk. 

18 

We have experienced
technological changes in our industry. New technologies may prove inappropriate and result in liability to us or may not gain market acceptance
by our customers. The industries in which we operate are subject to constant technological change. Our future success will depend
on our ability to appropriately respond to changing technologies and changes in function of products and quality. If we adopt products
and technologies that are not attractive to consumers, we may not be successful in capturing or retaining a significant share of our market.
In addition, some new technologies are relatively untested and unperfected and may not perform as expected or as desired, in which event
our adoption of such products or technologies may cause us to lose money. 

Existing regulations,
and changes to such regulations, may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of our products, which
may significantly reduce demand for our products. Installation of a small number of our products is subject to oversight and regulation
in accordance with national and local ordinances, building codes, zoning, environmental protection regulation, utility interconnection
requirements for metering and other rules and regulations. In particular, our new EV Standard product, designed to provide curbside
EV charging through existing or newly installed street lampposts owned by municipalities and utilities, will require close cooperation
with, and supervision by, local government agencies. We attempt to keep up-to-date about these requirements on a national, state, and
local level, and must design systems to comply with varying standards. Certain cities may have ordinances that increase the cost of installation
of our products. In addition, new government regulations or utility policies pertaining to power systems are unpredictable and may result
in significant additional expenses or delays in the installation of our grid-connected products and, as a result, could cause a significant
reduction in demand, especially for our EV Standard product. 

Our media branding and advertising
strategy may not be profitable. We are able to equip our EV ARC and Solar Tree platforms with digital advertising
screens with content that can be controlled directly, and in some cases, remotely. We may also sell other forms of media across our product
platforms, such as naming rights or sponsorship deals, as well as traditional fixed media. There is no assurance that the revenue model
crafted for this capability will be successful or profitable or will not result in operating losses or rejection by government regulators
or consumers. Sponsors and advertisers for the service may not materialize or be willing to pay the rates sought by us or our customers. 

Our business may be impacted
by the availability to our customers of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives, the reduction, elimination or uncertainty
of which would reduce the demand for our products. Many states offer substantial incentives to offset the cost of solar power
systems, battery storage systems and EV charging infrastructure. These incentives can take many forms, including direct rebates, state
tax credits, system performance payments and Renewable Energy Credits (RECs). Moreover, the federal government currently offers a 30 
tax credit for the installation of solar power systems and associated energy storage systems. This credit is in effect until 2032. There
are additional federal grants available that encourage renewable investment. Businesses may also elect to accelerate the depreciation
on their systems in the first year of ownership. Uncertainty about the introduction of, reduction in, or elimination of such incentives,
or delays or interruptions in the implementation of favorable federal or state laws could substantially increase the cost of our systems
to some of our customers, potentially resulting in significant reductions in demand for our products from non-governmental customers,
which would negatively impact our sales. 

Our business strategy
may depend on the widespread adoption of solar power and EV charging technology. The market for solar power products is emerging
and rapidly evolving, and its future success is uncertain. If solar power technology proves unsuitable for widespread commercial deployment
or if demand for solar power products fails to develop sufficiently, we could be unable to generate enough revenues to achieve and sustain
profitability and positive cash flow. The factors influencing the widespread adoption of solar power technology include but are not limited
to: 

cost-effectiveness and efficiency of solar power technologies as compared with conventional and non-solar alternative energy technologies; 

performance and reliability of solar power products as compared with conventional and non-solar alternative energy products; 

fluctuations in economic and market conditions which impact the viability of conventional and non-solar alternative energy sources, such as increases or decreases in the prices of oil and other fossil fuels; 

continued deregulation of the electric power industry and broader energy industry; and 

availability of governmental subsidies and incentives. 

19 

Compliance with new
and existing environmental laws and rules is required. Compliance with new and existing environmental laws and rules could significantly
increase construction and start-up costs for our customers, deterring customers from purchasing a small sub-set of our products and services.
To install Beam s Solar Tree products, our customers may be required to obtain and comply with a number of permitting requirements.
As a condition of granting necessary permits, regulators could make demands that increase our customers expected costs of construction
and operations, in which case they may delay or cancel delivery of certain sub-sets of our products. Environmental issues, such as contamination
and compliance with applicable environmental standards could arise at any time during the construction and operation of a customer s
project. If this occurs, it could require a customer to spend additional resources to remedy the issues and may delay or prevent construction
or operation of the project. This is why we have focused on the development of autonomous infrastructure products which do not require
construction for their deployment. 

The success of our product
offering may in some instances require the availability of locations provided by municipalities or private owners of real estate. Our
ability to sell branding opportunities or licenses could be highly dependent on the availability of real estate to locate our product,
or municipal approval for visible branding. We cannot assure that these rights will be available to us in the future or will be available
on terms acceptable to us. The lack of availability of these rights could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition in our media business unit. We may operate part of our business in which leasing or licensing agreements with
venues or municipalities are necessary, so the long-term success of this aspect of our business could depend upon our ability to initiate
such agreements and to renew these agreements upon their termination. We cannot assure that we will be able to renew these agreements
on acceptable terms or at all, or that we will be able to obtain attractive agreements with substitute venues. 

Our cash and cash
equivalents could be adversely affected if the financial institutions at which we hold our cash and cash equivalents fail. 

 We maintain substantially
all of our cash and cash equivalents in accounts with U.S. banks and financial institutions, including Silicon Valley Bank SVB ),
and our deposits at these institutions exceed insured limits. Market conditions can impact the viability of these institutions. For example,
on March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. The FDIC created a successor bridge bank, Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. SVBB ),
and all deposits of SVB were transferred to SVBB under a systemic risk exception approved by the Federal Reserve, the U.S. Treasury Department,
and the FDIC. While the Federal Reserve, the U.S. Treasury Department, and the FDIC announced in a joint statement on March 12, 2023 that
all SVB deposits, including both insured and uninsured amounts, would be available in full to account holders, a similar failure of any
of the financial institutions where we maintain our cash and cash equivalents could impact our ability to access uninsured funds in a
timely manner or at all. There is no guarantee that the Federal Reserve Board, the U.S. Treasury Department and the FDIC will provide
access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of any other banks or financial institutions in a timely fashion or
at all. Any inability to access or delay in accessing these funds could adversely affect our business, financial position, and liquidity. 

 If we do not effectively diversify
our bank deposits and investment portfolio, the value and liquidity of our investments may fluctuate substantially which could affect
our access to capital and results of operations in a material way. Furthermore, our access to our cash and cash equivalents in amounts
adequate to finance our operations could be significantly impaired if the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly
face liquidity constraints or failures. Investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable
commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations
on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all.
Any material decline in available funding or our ability to access our cash and cash equivalents could adversely impact our results of
operations and liquidity. 

20 

Risks Relating to our Organization and our Common Stock 

Our failure to meet the
continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a delisting of our common stock, which could negatively impact the market price
and liquidity of our common shares and our ability to access the capital markets. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance requirements
and the minimum bid price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Such a delisting would have a negative effect
on the price of our common stock, impair the ability to sell or purchase our common stock when persons wish to do so, and any delisting
materially adversely affect our ability to raise capital or pursue strategic restructuring, refinancing or other transactions on acceptable
terms, or at all. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market could also have other negative results, including the potential loss of institutional
investor interest and fewer business development opportunities. In the event of a delisting, we would attempt to take actions to
restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would
allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common
stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

We have identified a
material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting. This material weakness could continue to adversely affect our ability
to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. If we fail to comply with the rules under
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, or, if we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies
in our internal controls over financial reporting, our stock price could decline and raising capital could be more difficult. 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our management is likewise required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal
controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, or, if we
discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could significantly
decline, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are
discovered or if we otherwise fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control, we may not be able to ensure that we
can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and
are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business
and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of
our common stock could decline significantly. 

 We currently do not have effective
manufacturing or purchasing systems in place to track inventory and purchasing transactions or a perpetual inventory system. The Company
performs manual processes during the year to track and control our inventory and purchases. While these processes provide good results
in determining inventory and cost of sales transactions, as we grow, it has become a very time-consuming process and could impact our
ability to submit timely reporting. We are implementing new systems beginning in January 2023 with scheduled completion by the end of
Q2 to automate these functions which we believe will alleviate the material weakness in 2023. However, we can give no assurance that such
measures will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results
will not arise in the future. 

21 

Our stock price may
be volatile. The public market trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile, may decline, and could fluctuate
widely in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

changes in our industry; 

competitive pricing pressures; 

our ability to obtain working capital financing; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

limited public float in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive or negative pricing pressure on the market price for our common stock; 

sales of our common stock privately or in the public market, by us or by other shareholders; 

our ability to execute our business plan; 

operating results that fall below expectations; 

loss of any strategic relationship; 

adverse regulatory developments; 

adverse economic and other external factors; 

additional dilution of ownership because of the issuance of new securities by us, and period-to-period fluctuations in our financial condition or operating results. 

In addition, the securities
markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of
particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Offers or availability
for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. If our
stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period
under Rule 144 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, the market price of our common stock could decline because
of or in anticipation of the selling pressure. The existence of anticipated sales, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring,
also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the
future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

22 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

Our corporate headquarters
are located at 5660 Eastgate Dr., San Diego, California 92121. We lease approximately 53,000 square feet of office and warehouse space
pursuant to a five-year lease that extends through August 30, 2025, with two one-year renewal options. Our Chicago, Illinois office consisting
of 15,582 square feet of office and warehouse space is located at 2600 S. 25 th Avenue, Suite Z, Broadview, Illinois, 60155
with lease term through August 31 st , 2023. We are in the process of locating a new facility. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

The Company may be involved
in legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, and the date of this
report, the Company is not involved in any material litigation matters. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable. 

23 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock is traded
on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol BEEM. 

 On March 23, 2023, there were
approximately 196 holders of record of our common stock. Because some of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions
on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial stockholders represented by these record holders. 

We have not declared or paid
any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We can
give no assurances that we will ever have excess funds available to pay dividends. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM 6. 
 Reserved. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

OVERVIEW: 

Beam develops, manufactures
and sells high-quality, renewably energized infrastructure products for electric vehicle charging infrastructure, energy storage, energy
security, disaster preparedness and outdoor media advertising. 

 The Company has designed five
product lines that incorporate our proprietary technology for producing a unique alternative to grid-tied charging, having a built-in
renewable energy source in the form of attached solar panels and/or light wind generator to produce power and battery storage to store
the power. These products are rapidly deployable and attractively designed. Our product lines include: 

- 
 EV ARC Electric Vehicle Autonomous Renewable Charger a patented, rapidly deployed, infrastructure product that uses integrated solar power and battery storage to provide a mounting asset and a source of power for factory installed electric vehicle charging stations of any brand. The electronics are elevated to the underside of the solar array making the unit flood-proof up to nine and a half feet and allowing adequate space to park a vehicle on the engineered ballast and traction pad which gives the product stability. 

- 
 Solar Tree DCFC Off-grid, renewably energized and rapidly deployed, patented single-column mounted smart generation and energy storage system with the capability to provide a 150kW DC fast charge to one or more electric vehicles or larger vehicles. 

- 
 EV ARC DCFC DC Fast Charging system for charging EVs comprised of four interconnected EV ARC systems and a 50kW DC fast charger. 

- 
 EV-Standard TM patent issued on December 31, 2019 and currently under development. A lamp standard, EV charging and emergency power product which uses an existing streetlamp s foundation and a combination of solar, wind, grid connection and onboard energy storage to provide curbside charging. 

- 
 UAV ARC - patent issued on November 24, 2020 and still under development. An off-grid, renewably energized and rapidly deployed product and network used to charge aerial drone (UAV) fleets. 

24 

In addition, with the acquisition
of All Cell Technologies, LLC All Cell in March 2022, we now offer Beam AllCell energy storage technology with
a highly flexible lithium-ion and lithium iron phosphate battery platform architecture. The battery design uses a proprietary phase change
material which provides a low-cost thermal management solution and a unique safety mechanism to prevent propagation of thermal runaway.
They are ideally suited for applications where energy density, safety and specialized enclosures require high power in small spaces. Drones,
submersibles, medical and recreational products and a host of micro mobility products benefit from this technology. Beam is already using
AllCell energy storage products in EV ARC products for EV charging and plans to incorporate this battery technology in our
new product designs that are under development. 

We believe that there is a
clear need for a rapidly deployable and highly scalable EV charging infrastructure, and that our products fulfill that requirement. Unlike
grid-tied installations which require general and electrical contractors, engineers, consultants, digging trenches, permitting, pouring
concrete, wiring, and ongoing utility bills, the EV ARC system can be deployed in minutes, not months, and is powered by renewable
energy so there is no utility bill. We are agnostic as to the EV charging service equipment or provider and integrate best of breed solutions
based upon our customer s requirements. For example, our EV ARC and Solar Tree products have been deployed with Chargepoint,
Blink, Enel X, Electrify America and other high quality EV charging solutions. We can make recommendations to customers, or we can comply
with their specifications and/or existing charger networks. Our products replace the infrastructure required to support EV chargers, not
the chargers themselves. We do not sell EV charging, rather we sell products which enable it. 

We believe our chief differentiators
for our electric vehicle charging infrastructure products are: 

our patented, renewable energy products dramatically reduce the cost, time and complexity of the installation and operation of EV charging infrastructure and outdoor media platforms when compared to traditional, utility grid tied alternatives; 

our proprietary and patented energy solutions; 

our first-to-market advantage with EV charging infrastructure products which are renewably energized, rapidly deployed and require no construction or electrical work on site; 

our products capability to operate during grid outages and to provide a source of EV charging and emergency power rather than becoming inoperable during times of emergency or other grid interruptions; and 

our ability to continuously create new and patentable inventions which are marketable and a complex integration of our proprietary technology and parts, and other commonly available engineered components, which create a further barrier to entry for our competition. 
 
 Our revenues increased
 from 9.0 million in 2021 to 22.0 million in 2022 we believe as a result of the ongoing maturation of the electric vehicle
 ecosystem, increased urgency for charging infrastructure as more EVs are adopted, an increased understanding of the challenges
 facing the installation and operation of utility grid-tied chargers and due to an increased investment in sales and marketing
 resources over the past two years. During the year ended December 31, 2022, product sales were generated from a wide variety of
 markets, including state and local government agencies, federal customers, commercial businesses, colleges and utilities. In 2022, a
 52-unit EV ARC purchase was made under our contract with the State of California to provide sustainable EV charging and emergency
 power for 12 state government agencies in California. In 2022, we also received an order for 5.3 million from New York City to
 deliver EV ARCs TM throughout the city. As a result of our acquisition of All Cell in March 2022, we generated revenues of
 5.2 million from sales of our solid, state-of-the-art energy storage product. In late 2020, we entered into a Multiple Award
 Schedule Contract with the General Services Administration (GSA) that helps streamline purchases from Federal agencies and state and
 local governments. In addition, the General Services Administration (GSA) awarded Beam Global a federal blanket purchase agreement
 (BPA) which provides federal agencies a streamlined procurement process for procuring EV ARC systems. We have also invested
 in our federal business channel by adding a federal lobbyist, a federal business development resource and a government relations
 employee. These resources have helped to identify opportunities on the federal side and are increasing awareness of our product and
 outreach with federal agencies. They are also able to support language in legislature to increase opportunities for federal
 contracts or federal grants and other funding. This resulted in several large federal orders in 2022, including a 29.4 million
 order through Techflow, Inc. for the US Army (IMCOM), a 11.7 million order for the General Services Administration for the
 Department of Veterans Affairs, and several other orders for the Department of Homeland Security, US Navy Facilities, US Marine
 Corps, and others. In addition, there is increased support for funding EV charging infrastructure on the state and federal level, as
 well as a number of federal grants available in addition to the 30 Federal Solar Investment Tax Credit and Rule 179 accelerated
 depreciation which provide a strong financial incentive for many of our target commercial customers. We expect the electric vehicle
 market to continue to experience significant growth over the next decade as evidenced by 61 new electric vehicles that were launched
 in 2022 which will require additional EV charging infrastructure. We believe our products are uniquely positioned to benefit from
 this growth. 

25 

We
continued to made progress in finding a sponsor for our outdoor media advertising business during 2022, working with The Superlative
Group, an industry leading consultant engaged in the selling of corporate sponsorships and have identified several potential corporate
sponsors for a global naming rights agreement to our network of EV ARC systems. Superlative is compensated only when they are successful
in securing a sponsor for our Driving on Sunshine network. This business model can be replicated in other cities throughout the country.
Our energy security business is connected with the deployment of our EV charging infrastructure products and serves as an additional
benefit to the value proposition of our charging products which, along with their integrated emergency power panels, can continue to
operate, charge EVs, and deliver emergency power during utility grid failures. Our state-of-the-art storage batteries installed on our
EV charging systems are immune to grid failures and provide another benefit for customers such as municipalities, counties, states, the
federal government, hospitals, fire departments, large private enterprises with substantial facilities, and vehicle fleet operators. 

We have begun development
on our newest patented products - our EV Standard and UAV ARC , which we expect will expand our product offerings with the same
proprietary technology as our current products and allow us to expand into new markets. 

 Several contributing factors resulted
in reporting a gross loss in both 2022 and 2021. We currently have a fixed overhead structure and facility that is underutilized but will
support our expected growth over the next several years. As our revenues continue to increase, and we increase our production volumes,
we will continue to increase our fixed overhead absorption which reduces our fixed overhead cost allocation per unit, as well as benefit
from improved labor efficiencies and utilization and cost improvements by negotiating volume purchase discounts. We are also implementing
lean manufacturing process improvements and making engineering changes to our product which we believe will result in further cost reductions.
Many of the components that we integrate into our products are manufactured by others. This is consistent with our strategy to take advantage
of the investment by large and well-funded organizations in the improvement of various components and sub-assemblies which we integrate
into our final product. We experienced cost increases on many of our components during 2021 and 2022, most notably our steel cost, which
were brought on by supply chain issues resulting from plant closures and staffing shortages during the Covid-19 pandemic. In late 2022,
we started to see these increases flatten out and some are starting to decrease, and we expect to see a reduction in the cost of our bill
of materials. Batteries are the highest cost contributor to our bill of materials, but with the March 2022 purchase of AllCell Technologies,
LLC, a lithium-ion battery manufacturer, we expect those costs to be significantly reduced. We have design changes to our EV ARC TM 
planned for 2023 that will reduce component costs and streamline the manufacturing process which will reduce the cost. We continually
review the components and sub-assemblies which we manufacture or assemble in-house for which we intend to seek outsourced contracted manufacturing
expertise. We believe that outsourcing certain components and sub-assemblies will further reduce our costs, increase our gross margins,
and significantly increase the potential output from our factory. We expect to see a significant increase in the demand for electric vehicle
charging infrastructure and as such we do not anticipate significant pricing pressure on our products. The combination of this increase
in demand for electric vehicle charging infrastructure and our revenues, and the cost cutting measures described above lead us to believe
that we will see significant improvement in our gross margins in the near future. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Please refer to Note 1 in
the financial statements for further information on the Company s critical accounting policies which are summarized as follows: 

26 

Business Combination.
 The purchase price of an acquisition is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. To the extent the purchase price exceeds the fair value of the net identifiable tangible
and intangible assets assumed, such excess is allocated to goodwill. The Company determines the estimated fair values after review and
consideration of relevant information, including discounted cash flows and estimates made by management. The Company records the net assets
and results of operations of an acquired entity from the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are recognized separately from the
acquisition and are expensed as incurred. 

Contingent consideration liability
is recognized at the estimated fair value on the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of contingent consideration liability
are recognized in operating expenses in the statement of operations. Contingent consideration liability related to the acquisition consists
of commercial milestone payments and are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. The fair value of commercial milestone payments reflects
management s estimates of discount rates and probability of achieving certain milestones. Changes in the fair value of contingent
consideration subsequent to the acquisition date are recognized in operating expense in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Inventory. Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method of accounting. Inventory
costs primarily relate to purchased raw materials and components used in the manufacturing of our products, work in process for products
being manufactured, and finished goods. Included in these costs are direct labor and certain manufacturing overhead costs associated with
normal capacity in the manufacturing process. The Company regularly reviews inventory components and quantities on hand and performs annual
physical inventory counts. 

Impairment of Long-lived
Assets. The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360-10-35-15 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, which requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable
intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not
be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future
undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be
recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed
of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

Revenue Recognition. 
Beam follows the revenue standards of Financial Accounting Standards Board Update No. 2014-09: Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606). The core principle of this Topic is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services. Revenue is recognized in accordance with that core principle by applying the following five steps: 1) identify the contracts
with a customer; 2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction
price to the performance obligations; and 5) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. 

Revenues are primarily derived
from the direct sales of manufactured products. Revenues may also consist of maintenance fees for the maintenance of previously sold products
and revenues from sales of professional services. 

27 

Revenues from inventoried
product are recognized upon the final delivery of such product to the customer or when legal transfer of ownership takes place. Revenue
values are fixed price arrangements determined at the time an order is placed or a contract is entered into. The customer is typically
obligated to make payment for such products within a 30-45 day period after delivery. 

Revenues from maintenance
fees for services provided by the Company are recognized equally over the period of the maintenance term. Revenue values are fixed price
arrangements determined at the time an order is placed or a contract is entered into. The customer is typically obligated to make payment
for the service in advance of the maintenance period. 

Extended maintenance or warranty
services, where the customer has the option to purchase this extension as a separate purchase option, are considered a separate performance
obligation. If the Company does not control the extended services, in terms of having the responsibility for fulfillment of the obligation
or the option to choose who will perform the services, the Company is acting as an agent and would report the revenues on a net basis. 

Revenues from professional
services for relocations, charger replacements or out of warranty repairs are recognized as services are performed. Revenue values are
based upon fixed fee arrangements or hourly fee-based arrangements with agreed to hourly rates of service categories in line with expertise
requirements. These services are billed to a customer as such services are provided and the customer will be obligated to make payments
for such services typically within a 30-45 day period. 

The Company has a policy of
recording sales incentives as a contra revenue. 

The Company includes shipping
and handling fees billed to customers as revenues and shipping and handling costs as cost of revenues. 

Any deposits received from
a customer prior to delivery of the purchased product or monies paid prior to the period for which a service is provided are accounted
for as deferred revenue on the balance sheet. 

Sales tax is recorded on a
net basis and excluded from revenue. 

The Company generally provides
a standard one-year warranty on its EV charging infrastructure products for materials and workmanship but may provide multiple year warranties
as negotiated, and it will pass on the warranties from its vendors, if any, which generally covers this one-year period. The Company accrues
for product warranties when the loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. 

Cost of Revenues. The
Company records direct material and component costs, direct labor and associated benefits, and manufacturing overhead costs such as supervision,
manufacturing equipment depreciation, rent, and utility costs, which are included in inventory prior to a sale, as cost of revenues. The
Company further includes shipping and handling fees billed to customers as revenues and shipping and handling costs as cost of revenues. 

Share-Based Compensation.
 We measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payments based on estimated fair value. Share-based compensation
expense is recognized based on the fair value on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards. The fair value
of our restricted stock and performance stock units is based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant. The determination
of the amount of share-based compensation expense for our performance stock units requires the use of certain estimates and assumptions
that affect the amount of share-based compensation expense recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. At each reported period,
we reassess the probability of the achievement of corporate performance goals to estimate the amount of shares to be released. Any increase
or decrease in share-based compensation expense resulting from an adjustment in the estimated shares to be released is treated as a cumulative
catch-up in the period of adjustment. If any of the assumptions or estimates used change significantly, share-based compensation expense
may differ materially from what we have recorded in the current period. 

28 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of Results of Operations for
Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, our revenues increased 144 to 22.0 million compared to 9.0 million for 2021. Revenues to federal customers
increased by 4.5 million. In addition, we were awarded a number of contracts from federal agencies in late September and early October
of 2022 totaling more than 46.0 million, which we intend to deliver over the next 12 months. Some of these units shipped in the quarter
ended December 31, 2022, with the balance scheduled for delivery in 2023. We recorded energy storage revenues of 5.2 million as a result
of our acquisition of All Cell which closed on March 4, 2022. Our revenue to state agencies increased by 0.8 million compared to the
prior year, and we continue to have a strong concentration of revenues to the State of California and state of New York, which represent
29 and 18 of total revenues, respectively. Revenues derived from non-government entities increased to 37 of our total revenues
in 2022 representing a partial return to pre-COVID levels, compared to 13 of our total revenues in 2021. We continue to invest in sales
and marketing employees, resources and programs to raise awareness of the benefits and value of our products, which is reflected in the
strong year over year sales growth in the quarter. The receipt of orders may continue to be uneven due to the timing of customer approvals
or budget cycles, however we believe that as EV adoption increases in concert with increased availability of infrastructure funding, our
business will be less impacted by specific variations in order timing. 

 Gross Loss. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, our gross loss was 1.7 million, or 8 of sales, compared to 1.0 million, or 11 of sales in the prior year.
As a percentage of sales, the margin improved by three percentage points, primarily due to the increase in production levels in the current
quarter compared to 2021, which resulted in favorable fixed overhead absorption. In addition, our labor efficiency improved during the
quarter as a result of a steady flow of units through the factory. This was partially offset by an increase of 0.8 million for non-cash
intangible amortization and an increase in material costs for steel, batteries and other components, due to the COVID-19 pandemic and
other inflationary pressures. Shipping costs have increased globally as well as gas and transportation prices which have increased our
delivery costs. Toward the end of the year, we started to see some reduction in gas prices and our products components. We expect
our cost per unit to improve as we expect to see material costs start to decrease and as our volumes increase. We also acquired a battery
manufacturer, All Cell in March 2022, which should significantly reduce the cost of the batteries in our units. In addition, as we expect
the Company to grow in 2023 and beyond, we expect our fixed overhead absorption to continue to improve. 

Operating Expenses. Total
operating expenses were 18.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 5.6 million in the prior year, primarily due
to a 5.5 million change in fair value of contingent consideration related to the All Cell acquisition. Excluding such cost, the operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 6.9 million compared to the prior year, driven by 3.4 million in expenses
attributable to the newly acquired All Cell business, 2.3 million increase in employee non-cash compensation, including a 1.6 million
increase in employee non-cash stock-based compensation, 0.6 million increase for legal and accounting services, primarily attributable
to the acquisition, and 0.5 million increase for sales and marketing costs to generate increased sales levels. As a percentage of revenue,
operating expenses excluding the change in fair value of contingent consideration decreased by 6 percentage points. 

29 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, we had
cash of 1.7 million, compared to cash of 21.9 million at December 31, 2021. We have historically met our cash needs through a combination
of debt and equity financings. Our cash requirements are generally for operating activities. 

Our cash flows from operating,
investing and financing activities, as reflected in the statements of cash flows, are summarized in the table below: 

December 31, 

2,022 
 2021 
 
 Cash provided by (used in): 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (18,114 
 (6,408 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,812 
 (582 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (342 
 2,236 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, our cash used in operating activities was 18.1 million compared to 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net loss
of 19.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was increased by 9.1 million of non-cash expense items that included a change in
fair value of contingent consideration of 5.5 million, depreciation and amortization of 1.1 million, common stock issued for services
for director compensation of 0.4 million and employee stock-based compensation expense of 2.0 million. Further, cash used in operations
included a 0.6 million increase in accounts receivable, 0.8 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, primarily
related to the prepayment of battery cells, and 8.2 million increase in inventory (i) to secure battery cells required for battery manufacturing
in case of potential future supply chain challenges and (ii) due to higher work in process inventory of nearly complete EV ARC TM 
units as well as finished EV ARC TM units awaiting final delivery at December 31, 2022. The increases in prepayments and inventory
are not expected to continue in future quarters, but rather should remain flat or reduce to lower levels over the next 12 months. Cash
provided by operations included a 1.3 million increase in accounts payable primarily for inventory and 0.9 million increase in accrued
expenses. 

Our operating activities resulted
in cash used in operations of 6.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net loss of 6.6 million for the year ended December
31, 2021 was increased by 1.3 million of non-cash expense items that included depreciation and amortization of 0.1 million, common stock
issued for services for director compensation of 0.7 million and non-cash compensation expense related to the grant of stock options
of 0.4 million primarily due to an increase in the stock price in the year ended December 31, 2021. Further, cash used in operations
included an increase in accounts receivable of 2.0 million due to a strong fourth quarter revenue in 2021 compared to 2020 and 0.5 million
increase in inventory due to inventory purchases to support increased sales activity. Cash provided by operations included a decrease
in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 0.1 million, an increase in accounts payable of 0.8 million due to inventory purchases,
 0.3 million increase in accrued expenses primarily due to compensation related accruals at the end of the year and 0.1 million for an
increase in deferred revenue. 

Cash used in investing activities
in the year ended December 31, 2022 included 0.8 million cash payment for working capital payment related to the acquisition of All Cell,
 0.9 million to purchase equipment and 0.1 million in patent costs. The year ended December 31, 2021 included 0.1 million to fund patent
related costs and 0.5 million to purchase equipment, primarily for production and transportation. 

In 2022, cash generated by
our financing activities included 0.5 million from the exercise of warrants, 0.5 million used to cover payroll taxes related to stock-based
compensation and 0.3 million payment of equity offering costs related to the committed equity line agreement entered into with B. Riley.
In 2021, cash generated by our financing activities included 2.9 million from the exercise of warrants, offset by 0.6 million used to
cover payroll taxes for cashless stock option exercises. 

30 

Current assets decreased to
 19.9 million at December 31, 2022 from 27.6 million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 20.3 million decrease in cash, offset
by a 10.6 million increase in inventory and 1.4 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets. Current liabilities increased
to 13.2 million at December 31, 2022 from 3.0 million at December 31, 2021, primarily due to the recording of 6.8 million current portion
of contingent consideration, a 1.3 million increase in accounts payable for purchases of inventory to support the increased sales forecast,
 1.0 million increase in current deferred revenue and a 1.0 million increase in accrued expenses. As a result, our working capital decreased
to 6.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 24.6 million at December 31, 2021. 

The Company has been focused on
marketing and sales efforts to increase our revenues. Revenues increased by 45 from 2020 to 2021 and 144 from 2021 to 2022, demonstrating
that this investment has been successful. While the Company has still not earned a gross profit on its sale of products, gross profit
has improved even during an inflationary period, and as revenues increase, we expect to see our fixed overhead costs spread over more
units, which will reduce the cost per unit. Management has made several design changes and process improvements in our manufacturing operations
in 2021 and 2022 which has helped to increase labor efficiency and reduce costs. At the same time, supply chain issues related to the
COVID-19 virus have caused an increase in certain of our material costs, most notably in steel purchases. However, we believe that we
will continue to improve our gross profit as our revenues grow. Management believes that with anticipated increased production volumes,
efficiencies will continue to improve, and the fixed overhead cost per unit will decrease. In addition, our suppliers believe that costs
that have increased over the past year should start to decrease beginning in 2023. This should result in increasing gross profits on the
EV ARC and Solar Tree products in the future. 

The Company may be required to
raise capital until it achieves positive cash flow from its business, which is predicated on increasing sales volumes and the continuation
of production cost reduction measures. In September 2022, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with B. Riley under
which the Company has the right to sell up to 30.0 million shares of its common stock over a period of 24 months (see note 10 for further
information.) In addition, we could pursue other equity or debt financings. Furthermore, the Company has warrants to purchase 440,204
shares of our Common Stock outstanding at December 31, 2022, which could potentially generate an additional 2.8 million of proceeds over
the next 1.3 years, depending on the market value of our stock and the warrant holders ability to exercise them. The proceeds from
these offerings are expected to provide working capital to fund business operations and the development of new products. Management cannot
currently predict when or if it will achieve positive cash flow. 

On March 4, 2022, the Company
completed an acquisition of the assets of All Cell Technologies, LLC All Cell ), a leader in energy storage solutions. We
believe this strategic acquisition will increase and diversify our revenue, gross profitability, manufacturing capabilities, intellectual
portfolio and customer base. The Company purchased substantially all of the assets and business of All Cell for 1,055,000 shares of Beam
Common Stock Closing Consideration (on the closing date, based on the closing price of the Beam Common Stock of 13.61,
such shares had a value of approximately 14.4 million) plus an additional 0.8 million in cash for the net working capital of primarily
inventory held by All Cell at closing. In addition to the cash paid for the working capital of 0.8 million, the Purchase Agreement requires
a capital investment of not less than 1.5 million of equipment to be used for the business. All Cell is eligible to earn an additional
number of shares of Beam Common Stock if Beam s new energy storage business meets certain revenue milestones (the Earnout
Consideration ). The Earnout Consideration is: (i) two times the amount of energy storage products revenue and contracted backlog
that is greater than 7.5 million for 2022, and (ii) two times the amount of energy storage products 2023 revenue only which exceeds the
greater of either 13.5 million or 135 of the 2022 cumulative revenue, capped at 20.0 million. Revenues exceeding 20.0 million in 2023
will not be eligible for the Earnout Consideration. The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that the Company will issue
to All Cell for the Closing Consideration and Earnout Consideration will not exceed 1.8 million shares. 

31 

Management believes that evolution
in the operations of the Company may allow it to execute on its strategic plan and enable it to experience profitable growth in the future.
This evolution is anticipated to include the following continual steps: addition of sales personnel and independent sales channels, continued
management of overhead costs, increased overhead absorption resulting from volume growth, process improvements and vendor negotiations
leading to cost reductions, increased public awareness of the Company and its products, and the continued acceleration of average sales
cycle opportunities. Management believes that these steps, if successful, may enable the Company to generate sufficient revenue to continue
operations. There is no assurance, however, as to if or when the Company will be able to achieve those operating objectives. 

Capitalization 

On April 18, 2019, the Company
closed an underwritten public offering with Maxim Group LLC Maxim ), as representative for the several underwriters (the
 Underwriters ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Underwriters an aggregate of 2,000,000 units
with each unit consisting of one (1) share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ),
and a warrant to purchase one (1) share of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to 6.30 per share (the Warrants ). In
addition, the Company granted the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 300,000 additional shares of Common Stock, or Warrants,
or any combination thereof, at the public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any. The Common Stock and the Warrants were offered
and sold to the public (the Offering pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File Nos. 333-226040),
filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on July 2, 2018, as amended, which became
effective on April 15, 2019, and a related registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). The offering price to the public was 6.00 per unit and the Underwriters purchased 2,000,000
units. In addition, the Underwriters purchased 300,000 Warrants for 3,000 upon the exercise of the Underwriters over-allotment
option. The Company received gross proceeds of approximately 12,003,000, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and
estimated offering expenses. 

Concurrent with the offering,
the Company effected a one-for-fifty reverse split of its issued and outstanding common stock (the Reverse Stock Split and reduced the number of authorized shares of common stock from 490,000,000 to 9,800,000. No fractional shares were issued as a result
of the Reverse Stock Split. Fractional shares were rounded up or down to the nearest whole share, after aggregating all fractional shares
held by a stockholder, resulting in the issuance of 187 round-up shares. Any stockholder holding less than 24 shares of Common Stock on
a pre-reverse stock basis were paid in cash for such fractional share of Common Stock, which totaled 171. 

On
May 15, 2019, the Company closed the Underwriters Second Over-Allotment partial exercise option to purchase 200,000 shares of Common Stock
at 5.99 per share (the Second Over-Allotment Exercise for additional gross proceeds of 1.198 million, prior to deducting
underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company, pursuant to and in compliance with the terms and
conditions of the previously announced April 16, 2019 Underwriting Agreement and Offering. 

The Company filed a shelf 
registration statement on Form S-3 and an accompanying prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2020. On July
7, 2020, the Company closed an underwritten public offering issuing 1,393,900 shares, with a public offering price of 8.25 per share,
generating approximately 10.5 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable
by the Company. 

On November 27, 2020, the
Company closed a second underwritten public offering issuing 250,000 shares, with a public offering price of 30.00 per share, generating
approximately 6.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. 

In September 2022, the Company entered into a
Common Stock Purchase Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital II, LLC B. Riley under
which the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell up to 30.0 million shares or a maximum of 2.0 million shares of its
common stock over a period of 24 months in its sole discretion. 

32 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources, that are material to investors. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The financial statements required
by this item begin on page F-1 with the index to financial statements followed by the financial statements. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures 
in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that
any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. 

At the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures. Based upon the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022,
the disclosure controls and procedures of our Company were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our
Exchange Act reports was recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis due to material weakness in internal controls
as identified below under Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Since the type of material
weakness identified below have a pervasive effect across the inventory transaction cycle, management has determined that these circumstances
constitute material weakness that therefore affects disclosure controls and procedures. 

33 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

During the period covered
by this filing, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls over financial reporting.
Based upon the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, we do not yet
have sufficient internal controls over financial reporting and procedures to ensure that all the information required to be disclosed
in our Exchange Act reports was recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis. 

We identified the following
material weakness which existed as of December 31, 2022: 

The Company currently does not have sufficient controls in place to ensure that all inventory is appropriately tracked and recorded on a timely basis, given the lack of an automated tracking system and the manual nature of its current processes and controls surrounding inventory. 

The Company performs
 manual processes during the year to track and control inventory transactions, apply labor and overheads to inventory and to perform
 a wall-to-wall physical inventory at the end of the year to confirm the ending inventory balance and valuation. While these
 processes provide good results in determining inventory and cost of sales transactions, as we grow, it has become a very
 time-consuming process and could impact our ability to submit timely reporting. While manual controls improved significantly in 2022
 at our San Diego location, we determined we had similar issues with manufacturing systems at our Chicago facility that was added in 2022
 as a result of the AllCell Technologies, Inc. acquisition. A manufacturing system will provide automated processes, better controls,
 and improved management tools to analyze and plan production. This will avoid over-purchasing or shortages of inventory. 

Since
these controls have a pervasive effect across the inventory transaction cycle, management has determined that these circumstances constitute
a material weakness, based on the criteria established in the Internal Integrated Framework issued by COSO in 2013 and as
a result, we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

No Attestation Report by Independent Registered
Accountant 

The effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has not been audited by our independent registered public accounting firm by
virtue of our exemption from such requirement as a smaller reporting company. 

34 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2022, we significantly improved our manual inventory processes related to ordering, counting, warehousing, valuing and transacting
our inventory at our San Diego facility. We selected an ERP System and began planning the implementation scheduled for January through
June 2023. At the same time, we continue to implement process improvements in our Chicago facility which will provide for better controls
in manufacturing. 

At March 31, 2022, we identified the
following material weakness: 

With regard to a business combination that was completed during the quarter ended March 31, 2022, we identified that the controls over the review of the business combination were not designed effectively such that a material error in the calculation of the purchase price was not detected in a timely manner. 

During the quarters ended
June 30, September 30, 2022, and December 31, 2022, the Company implemented a control to review third-party valuation reports, which include
formalized review procedures and enhanced communications with third-party experts. We believe that these controls have effectively addressed
the material weakness identified in the quarter ended March 31, 2022 and that this no longer represents a material weakness. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

35 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The information required by
Item 10 will be incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end
or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The information required by
Item 11 will be incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end,
or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The information required by
Item 12 will be incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end,
or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The information required by
Item 13 will be incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end,
or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The information required by
Item 14 will be incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement, to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end,
or will be included in an amendment to this Form 10-K. 

36 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

1. 
 Financial Statements 

The financial statements required
by this item are submitted in a separate section beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

None 

3. 
 Exhibits 

The following exhibits are included
with this filing: 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 

Filing 
 Date 

Filed 
 Herewith 

2.1 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement By and Between Beam Global and AllCell Technologies, LLC dated February 16, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/23/2022 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-147104 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/2/2007 

3.2 
 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation dated December 23, 2016 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 333-226040 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 4/4/2019 

3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Change to Articles of Incorporation dated April 11, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 3.1 
 
 4/18/2019 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated September 14, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/14/2020 

3.5 
 
 Bylaws
 of Registrant 
 
 SB-2 
 
 333-147104 
 
 3.2 
 
 11/2/2007 

3.6 
 
 Amendment
 to Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/16/2014 

37 

4.1 
 
 Description
 of Registrant's Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 4.1 
 
 3/30/2020 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of Investor Warrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226040 
 
 4.2 
 
 4/11/2019 

4.3 
 
 Warrant
 Agency Agreement by and between Envision Solar International, Inc. and Corporate Stock Transfer, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 4.2 
 
 4/18/2019 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of Representative Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 4.1 
 
 4/18/2019 

4.5 
 
 Form
 of Warrant issued to bridge lender on August 27, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.3 
 
 8/31/2018 

4.6 
 
 Form
 of Warrant for Bridge Refinance Convertible Secured Promissory Note 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226040 
 
 4.6 
 
 3/25/2019 

10.1 
 
 2011
 Stock Incentive Plan of Envision Solar International, Inc., dated as of August 10, 2011 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38868 
 
 4.1 
 
 8/15/2011 

10.2 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/14/2019 

10.3 
 
 Form
 of Stock Option Agreement 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.4 
 
 11/14/2019 

10.4 
 
 Amended
 and Restated 10 Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of December 31, 2010, issued to John Evey 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.22 
 
 2/12/2010 

10.5 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Envision Solar International, Inc. and Desmond Wheatley, effective as of January 1, 2016 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/20/2016 

10.6 
 
 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement for Desmond Wheatley, effective as of January 1, 2016 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226040 
 
 10.30 
 
 9/24/2018 

10.7 
 
 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement for Desmond Wheatley, effective as of January 1, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/12/2021 

10.8 
 
 Revolving
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated September 18, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/22/2017 

38 

10.9 
 
 Security
 Agreement -Purchase Order Financing, dated September 18, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/22/2017 

10.10 
 
 Security
 Agreement Convertible Secured Promissory Note, dated September 18, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.4 
 
 9/22/2017 

10.11 
 
 Promissory
 Note for bridge loan, dated August 27, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/31/2018 

10.12 
 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement for the bridge loan, dated August 27, 2018 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/31/2018 

10.13 
 
 Promissory
 Note for Deferred Compensation of Desmond Wheatley, dated effective January 15, 2016 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226040 
 
 10.31 
 
 9/24/2018 

10.14 
 
 Amendment
 to Promissory Note with SFE VCF, LLC, dated December 1, 2018 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-226040 
 
 10.35 
 
 3/25/2019 

10.15 
 
 Offer
 letter to Katherine H. McDermott, dated July 12, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/23/2019 

10.16 
 
 Change
 in Control Severance Benefit Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.2 
 
 2/12/2021 

10.17 
 
 Lease
 Agreement 5660 Eastgate Dr. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-53204 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/12/2020 

10.18 
 
 2021
 Beam Global Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/14/2021 

10.19 
 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/2/2022 

10.20 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/2/2022 

10.21 
 
 Restricted
 Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/17/2022 

10.22 
 
 Performance
 Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-38868 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/17/2022 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (RSM US LLP) 

X 

39 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document
 (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

X 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory
plan or arrangement 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable 

40 

Beam Global 

 Index to Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Beam Global 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Beam Global (the
Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows, for the
years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit
matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets and Contingent Consideration

As described in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company completed
the acquisition of substantially all the assets of All Cell Technologies, LLC. All Cell for 16.4 million on March 4,
2022. The purchase price included contingent consideration of 1.25 million. The Company accounted for this transaction under the acquisition
method of accounting for business combinations. Accordingly, the purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on their fair values, including identified intangible assets of 10.4 million and resulting goodwill of 4.6 million. In order to
value the identified intangible assets, which included developed technology, a tradename, and customer relationships, the Company used
an income approach and valuation model. The model requires management to make significant assumptions, which include, where applicable,
forecasted future cash flows, forecasted revenue growth rates, a royalty rate and discount rates. 

F- 2 

We identified the valuation of acquired intangible assets and contingent
consideration as of acquisition date as a critical audit matter as there was a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort,
including the use of valuation specialists, when performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the reasonableness
of significant estimates and assumptions utilized in management s calculations. 

 Our audit procedures related to the significant estimates and assumptions
over the valuation of acquired intangibles and contingent consideration included the following, among others: 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future cash flows and revenue growth rates by comparing historical
results of All Cell, certain peer companies, and actual results to management s forecasts. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of managements projections of future revenue and estimated backlog used in measuring the fair
value of the contingent consideration and intangible assets by comparing the significant assumptions used to market participant projection
growth rates, current industry and economic trends and actual historical performance. 

With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology, royalty rate and discount
rates utilized by management by: 

Testing the source information underlying the determination of the royalty rate and discount rates and testing the mathematical accuracy
of the calculations. 

Developing a range of independent estimates for the discount rates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 3 

Beam Global 

 Balance Sheets 

 (In thousands) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventory 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deposits 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Sales tax payable 

Deferred revenue, current 

Contingent consideration, current 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue, noncurrent 

Contingent consideration, noncurrent 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock, par value, authorized, outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued or issuable and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Financial Statements 

F- 4 

Beam Global 

 Statements of Operations 

 (In thousands, except per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross loss 

Operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total other income, net 

Loss before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Net loss per share - basic 

Net loss per share - diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Financial Statements 

F- 5 

Beam Global 

 Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In thousands) 

Common 
 Additional Paid-in- 
 Total 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Stock 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

Stock issued for director services - vested 

Stock issued to escrow account - unvested 

Stock option expense 

Warrants exercised for cash 

Stock option exercise (cashless) 

Stock option exercise (for cash) 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Stock issued for director services - vested 

Stock issued to escrow account - unvested 

Stock issued for acquisition 

Employee stock-based compensation expense 

Warrants exercised for cash 

Stock option exercise and restricted stock unit vestings (cashless) 

Stock issued for Committed Equity Facility 

Sale of stock under Committed Equity Facility 

Net loss 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Financial Statements 

F- 6 

Beam Global 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

 (In thousands) 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Common stock issued for services 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities 

Employee stock-based compensation 

Amortization of operating lease right of use asset 

Other 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Inventory 

Increase in: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Sales tax payable 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing Activities: 

Working capital payment for acquisition 

Purchases of equipment 

Funding of patent costs 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing Activities: 

Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Proceeds from warrant exercises 

Payments of equity offering costs 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for taxes 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Fair value of common stock issued as consideration for business combination 

Purchase of property and equipment by incurring current liabilities 

Depreciation cost capitalized into inventory 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

Issuance of stock for Committed Equity Line 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these Financial Statements 

F- 7 

BEAM GLOBAL 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

million of the Company s
cash deposits were greater than the federally insured limits. 

On
March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department
of Financial Protection and Innovation, which immediately appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as
receiver. All deposits and substantially all the asset of SVB were transferred to Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. SVBB ),
which is no longer affiliated with SVB. The Company has full access to all of its deposited funds with SVBB and is in the process of
establishing new accounts with a separate bank for its operations. 

Major Customers 

The Company continually assesses
the financial strength of its customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for of total revenues. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, revenues from two customers accounted for and of total revenues each. At December 31, 2022, accounts
receivable from three customers accounted for , and of total accounts receivable each with no other single customer accounting
for more than 10 of the accounts receivable balance. At December 31, 2021, accounts receivable from four customers accounted for ,
 , and of total accounts receivable with no other single customer accounting for more than 10 of the accounts receivable balance. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a heavy concentration of sales to
federal, state and local governments which represented and of revenues, respectively. 

cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

write-offs for bad debt in 2022 or 2021, and allowances for doubtful accounts as of the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

, except for leasehold improvements for which the depreciation is recorded over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated
useful life. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs, along with fixed assets below our capitalization threshold, are expensed as incurred. 

years. In the event a patent is denied or abandoned, all accumulated administrative
costs will be expensed in the period in which the patent was denied or abandoned. 

Assets acquired, including
identifiable intangible assets, are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Identifiable
intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives except for customer relationships,
for which the amortization is recorded on an accelerated method over the estimate useful life. 

Goodwill represents the excess
of the purchase prices of an acquired business over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and intangible assets. The Company is
required to assess goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. Such assessment
is performed at the reporting unit level, for which the Company has one. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether
it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations,
and our overall financial performance. If, after completing the qualitative assessment, it is determined it is more likely than not that
the estimated fair value is greater than the carrying value, the Company concludes no impairment exists. Alternatively, if the Company
determines in the qualitative assessment, it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying value, then the Company
performs a quantitative goodwill impairment test to identify both the existence of an impairment and the amount of impairment loss, by
comparing the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting
unit is less than the carrying value, then a goodwill impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds
the fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. The goodwill annual assessment test is performed
in the fourth quarter of every year or when an event occurs, or circumstances change such that it is reasonably possible that an impairment
may exist. There were no such triggering events during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the annual testing was performed
in the fourth quarter with no impairment identified. 

Long-lived assets and certain
identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment
to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. There were
no events triggering a review for impairment during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Revenues from maintenance fees for services provided
by the Company are recognized equally over the period of the maintenance term. Revenue values are fixed price arrangements determined
at the time an order is placed or a contract is entered into. The customer is typically obligated to make payment for the service in advance
of the maintenance period. 

Extended maintenance or warranty
services, where the customer has the option to purchase this extension as a separate purchase option, are considered a separate performance
obligation. If the Company does not control the extended services, in terms of having the responsibility for fulfillment of the obligation
or the option to choose who will perform the services, the Company is acting as an agent and would report the revenues on a net basis. 

Revenues from professional
services such as relocations, charger replacements or out of warranty repairs are recognized when services are performed. Revenue values
are based upon fixed fee arrangements or hourly fee-based arrangements with agreed to hourly rates of service categories in line with
expertise requirements. These services are billed to a customer as such services are provided and the customer will be obligated to make
payments for such services typically within a 30-45 day period. 

Revenue is recorded net of
discounts and sales taxes collected on behalf of governmental authorities; shipping and handling fees billed to customers are recorded
as revenues. 

Any deposits received from
a customer prior to delivery of the purchased product or monies paid prior to the period for which a service is provided are accounted
for as deferred revenue on the balance sheet. 

The Company generally provides
a standard one-year warranty on its EV charging infrastructure products for materials and workmanship but may provide multiple year warranties
as negotiated, and it will pass on the warranties from its vendors, if any, which generally covers this one-year period. The Company accrues
for product warranties when the loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. During the year-ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recorded a million product warranty accrual in Accrued Expenses with an offset to Cost of Revenues, of which million in repairs
were completed during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had product warranty
accrual based on the Company s minimal warranty expense. 

million and million for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million in 2022 and million in 2021. 

common shares, warrants to purchase 
shares of common stock, and restricted stock units to purchase common shares were outstanding at December 31, 2022. Options
to purchase 
common shares and warrants to purchase 
shares of common stock were outstanding at December 31, 2021. There were restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2021.
These shares were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because
the effects would have been anti-dilutive. These options and warrants may dilute future earnings per share. 

million (which includes million of non-cash expenses) and million (which includes million of non-cash
expenses), respectively, and net cash used in operating activities of 18.1 million and 6.4 million, respectively. During 2022, the 18.1
million of operating cash usage included 9.0 million increase in inventory and inventory-related prepayments to vendors to reduce the
risk of potential shortages of cells required for battery manufacturing, and to increase work in process and finished inventory of EV
ARC units based on forecasted requirements. 

At December 31, 2022, the
Company had a cash balance of 1.7 million and working capital of million . The working capital balance has been reduced by a current liability of
 6.8 million for contingent consideration, which is non-cash. Based on the Company s current operating plan, the
Company believes that it has the ability to fund its operations and meet contractual obligations for at least twelve months from the date
of this report. In September 2022, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement with B.
Riley Principal Capital II, LLC B. Riley under which the Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell up to
 30.0 million shares or a maximum of 2.0 million shares of its common stock over a period of 24 months in its sole discretion (see note
11 for further information). The Company issued shares in January and February 2023 for .7 million 
under this agreement. Furthermore, we could pursue other equity or debt financings. In addition, the Company s outstanding
warrants have generated million and million of proceeds during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
Company believes that it will become profitable in the next few years as our revenues continue to grow, we improve our gross margins and
we leverage our overhead costs, but we expect to continue to incur losses for a period of time. There is no guarantee that profitable
operations will be achieved, the warrants will be exercised or that additional capital or debt financing will be available. 

shares of Beam Common Stock Closing Consideration plus an additional 0.8 million in cash for
the net working capital held by All Cell at closing. 

In addition, All Cell is eligible
to earn an additional number of shares of Beam Common Stock if Beam s new energy storage business meets certain revenue milestones
(the Earnout Consideration ). The Earnout Consideration is: (i) two times the amount of energy storage products revenue and
contracted backlog that is greater than 7.5 million for 2022, and (ii) two times the amount of energy storage products 2023 revenue only
which exceeds the greater of either 13.5 million or 135 of the 2022 cumulative revenue, capped at 20.0 million. Revenues exceeding
 20.0 million in 2023 will not be eligible for the Earnout Consideration. The maximum aggregate number of shares of Beam Common Stock
that the Company will issue to All Cell for the Closing Consideration and Earnout Consideration will not exceed 1.8 million shares. Revenue
from energy storage products used in Beam Global products will not be considered as contributing to the Earnout calculation. 

The fair value of consideration
transferred consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Working Capital Cash Payment 

Earnout Consideration 

Total consideration transferred 

The following table summarizes
the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date (in thousands): 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposits 

Property, plant and equipment 

Right-of-use asset 

Intangible assets, including goodwill 

Total assets acquired 

Customer deposits 

Lease liability 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total assets and liabilities assumed 

The Company incurred 
million of transaction costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, directly related to the acquisition that is reflected in operating
expenses in the statement of operations. 

Goodwill represents the excess
of the total purchase price over the fair value of the underlying net assets, largely arising from synergies expected to be achieved by
the combined company and expanded market opportunities. The goodwill is expected to be fully deductible for tax purposes. 

The valuation of the Earnout
Consideration was performed using a two-factor Monte Carlo simulation, which includes estimates and assumptions such as forecasted revenues
of All Cell, volatility, discount rates, share price and the milestone settlement value. As such valuation includes the use of unobservable
inputs, it is considered to be a Level 3 measurement. The fair value of the Earnout Consideration is reassessed on a quarterly basis
with the change recorded to operating expenses. Change in the fair value of the Earnout Consideration during the year ended December
31, 2022 is as follows (in thousands): 

Acquisition of All Cell 

Change in estimated fair value 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The fair values
assigned to identifiable intangible assets and goodwill acquired are as follows in thousands): 

Trade name 

Customer relationships 

Backlog 

Goodwill 

N/A 

The fair values of the developed
technology, trade name, customer relationships and backlog were estimated using an income approach. Under the income approach, an intangible
asset s fair value is equal to the present value of future economic benefits in the form of cash flows to be derived from ownership
of the asset. The estimated fair values were developed by discounting future net cash flows to their present value at market-based rates
of return. The useful lives of the intangible assets for amortization purposes were determined by considering the period of expected cash
flows used to measure the fair values of the intangible assets adjusted as appropriate for entity-specific factors including legal, competitive,
and other factors that may limit the useful life. The identifiable intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives except for customer deposits which uses accelerated depreciation. 

Pro Forma Unaudited Financial
Information 

The following pro forma
unaudited financial information summarizes the combined results of operations of Beam Global and All Cell as if the companies had
been combined as of the beginning of the year ended December 31, 2021 (unaudited and in thousands): 

Net Loss 

The pro forma unaudited financial
information is presented for information purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved
had the acquisition been completed at the beginning of the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, the pro forma unaudited financial
information is not a projection of future results of operations of the combined company, nor does it reflect the expected realization
of any synergies or cost savings associated with the acquisition. The pro forma unaudited financial information includes adjustments to
reflect the incremental amortization expense of the identifiable intangible assets and transaction costs, as well as removes the impact
of the debt that was not acquired by the Company and payments to a non-employee. 

The statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes revenues of million and loss from operations of million , respectively, from the
acquired All Cell business. 

Deferred equity offering costs 

Prepaid insurance 

Related party receivable 

Other 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Related party receivables
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted primarily of payroll related taxes due for stock-based compensation. 

Work in process 

Raw materials 

Total inventory 

Computer equipment and software 

Leasehold improvements 

Autos 

Machinery and equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and Equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for 2022
and 2021 was million and million , respectively. In 2022, million of depreciation was capitalized into inventory as manufacturing
overhead costs. Depreciation capitalized in 2021 was immaterial. 

Trade name 

Customer relationships 

Backlog 

Patents 

Intangible assets, net 

Intangible assets as of December
31, 2021 consisted of patents, for which the gross carrying amount was million . Amortization expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 was million and immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021. Amortization expense for intangible assets held as of December
31, 2022 will be million for 2023, and million for each of the years 2024 2027. 

Accrued salaries and bonus 

Vendor accruals 

Other accrued expense 

Total accrued expenses 

million in right-of-use asset and lease liability. The lease term ends on August 31, 2023 and contains clauses for annual
rent escalation. The present values of the lease payment streams were calculated using an effective borrowing rate of . The Company
is currently evaluating options for its battery manufacturing facility. 

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was million and million , respectively.
Operating lease cost for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million , respectively. 

The future minimum rental
commitments for our operating leases reconciled to the lease liability as of December 31, 2022 is as follows (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

Total undiscounted future minimum payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

shares of its common stock upon acquiring certain assets of All Cell during the year ended December 31, 2022. See further discussion in
note 3. Business Combination. 

Committed Equity Facility 

On September 2, 2022, the
Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement with
B. Riley. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has the right, in its sole discretion, to sell to B. Riley up to million ,
or a maximum of 2.0 million shares of the Company s common stock at 97 of the volume weighted average price VWAP of the Company s common stock on the trading day, calculated in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, over a period of 24 months
subject to certain limitations and conditions contained in the Purchase Agreement. Sales and timing of any sales are solely at the election
of the Company, and the Company is under no obligation to sell any securities to B. Riley under the Purchase Agreement. As consideration
for B. Riley s commitment to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, the Company issued 10,484 shares of its common
stock and will issue an additional shares of its common stock or a cash payment of , at the Company s sole discretion,
sometime after the first VWAP purchase occurs. 

The Company incurred an aggregate
cost of approximately 0.4 million in connection with the Purchase Agreement, including the fair value of the 10,484 shares of common
stock issued to B. Riley upon the execution of the agreement, which was recorded to prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Balance
Sheet to be offset against future proceeds from the sale of the Company s common stock under the Purchase Agreement. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company issued shares under this agreement. The proceeds were fully offset by costs previously deferred. 

Awards Under Stock Incentive Plans 

On June 9, 2021, the Company s
stockholders approved the Beam Global 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan under which shares of the Company s
common stock are allowed to be issued pursuant to the exercise of stock options or other awards granted under such plan in addition to
the shares previously allowed under the Beam Global 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. The number of shares reserved for issuance under
the 2021 Plan will increase automatically on January 1 of each of 2022 through 2031 by the number of shares equal to 5 of the aggregate
number of outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31, or a lesser number
as may be determined by our board of directors or compensation committee. As of December 31, 2022, 1.9 million shares remain available
to grant under the 2021 Plan. 

Stock Options 

Stock options are granted
to new and existing employees. New employee option grants generally have a term of ten years and vest ratably over four years. Existing
employee option grants generally have a term of ten years and vest immediately upon grant. 

The fair value of each
option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model incorporates certain assumptions
for inputs including a risk-free market interest rate, expected dividend yield of the underlying common stock, expected option life
and expected volatility in the market value of the underlying common stock based on our historical volatility. The Black-Scholes
option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options, which have no vesting restrictions and
are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including the
expected stock price volatility because the Company s stock options and warrants have characteristics different from those of
its traded stock, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate. 

We used the assumptions in the
table below and we assumed there would not be dividends granted for the options granted in fiscal 2022 and 2021: 

- 
 - 
 
 Expected term 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average FV 

Option activity for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Years 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Years 

The Company s
stock option compensation expense was 
million and 
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and there was 
million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to outstanding stock options at December 31, 2022 which will be
recognized over 
years. Total intrinsic value of options exercised was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 
million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Total intrinsic value of options outstanding and options exercisable were
 
million and 
million , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Number of stock options vested and unvested as of December 31, 2022 were 
and ,
respectively. 

Restricted Stock Units 

In November 2022, the Company
granted restricted stock units (RSUs) to its Chief Executive Officer (CEO), half of which contains performance conditions (PSUs).
50 of the RSUs without performance condition vested upon grant, with 25 vesting on February 1 st of 2024 and 2025. The number
of shares issuable under the PSUs are determined based on the achievement of performance metrics specific to the Company that is measured
at the end of fiscal year 2024. 

A
summary of activity of the RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows : 

Granted 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

Stock compensation expense
related to restricted stock units was million during the year ended December 31, 2022, with million in unrecognized stock compensation
expense remaining to be recognized over years as of December 31, 2022. Fair value of restricted stock units vested during the year
ended December 31, 2022 was million . 

Restricted Stock Awards 

The Company issues restricted
stock to the members of its board of directors as compensation for such members services. Such grants generally vest ratably over
four quarters. The Company also issues restricted stock to its CEO, for which generally 50 of the shares granted vest ratably over four
quarters and the remaining 50 vest ratably over twelve quarters. The common stock related to these awards are issued to an escrow account
on the date of grant and released to the grantee upon vest. The fair value is determined based on the closing stock price of the Company s
common stock on the date granted and the related expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period. 

A summary of activity of the restricted stock
awards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

Stock compensation expense related to restricted stock awards was million and million during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Fair values of restricted stock vested during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 were million and million , respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were unreleased shares of common stock representing million of unrecognized restricted stock grant expense which will be recognized
over two years. 

Warrants 

A summary of activity of warrants outstanding
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable warrants as of
December 31, 2022 have a weighted average remaining contractual life of years. The intrinsic value of the exercisable shares of the
warrants at December 31, 2022 was million . 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, warrants to purchase shares of the Company s registered common stock and warrants to purchase shares of
the Company s unregistered common stock were exercised generating million . The unregistered securities were issued pursuant
to the private placement exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. All warrants exercised during
the year ended December 31, 2022 were for the Company s common stock. 

Maintenance fees 

Professional services 

Shipping and handling 

Discounts and allowances 

Total revenues 

During the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, and of revenues were derived from customers located in California, respectively. In addition, of revenues
in the year ended December 31, 2022 were international sales compared to none in the prior year. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
deferred revenue was million and million , respectively. These amounts consisted mainly of customer deposits in the amount of
 million and million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and prepaid multi-year maintenance plans for previously sold
products which account for million and million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and pertain to services to be provided
through 2028. Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 which pertained to revenue deferred in prior years was million 
and immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

applies to loss before taxes. The Company s tax expense differs from the expected tax expense for Federal income
tax purposes, (computed by applying the United States Federal tax rate of 
to loss before taxes), as follows (in thousands): 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Non-deductible stock options 

Non-deductible items 

True-up to tax return 

Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

Total 

Deferred income taxes reflect
the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of deferred
tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

Deferred Revenue 

Capitalized R D 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Patents/Intangible Assets 

Other 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Patents 

Depreciation 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Total net deferred taxes 

As a result of the Company s
history of incurring operating losses, a full valuation allowance has been established. The valuation allowance at December 31, 2022 was
 18.3 million . The increase in the valuation allowance during 2022 was million . 

At December 31, 2022,
the Company has a net operating loss carry forward of million , of which million is available to offset future net income through
2037. The net operating loss NOL expires during the years 2027 to 2037 and million may be carried forward indefinitely
and limited to offsetting 80 of taxable income. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards is dependent upon the ability
of the Company to generate sufficient taxable income during the carryforward period. In the event that a significant change in ownership
of the Company occurs as a result of the Company s issuance of common stock, the utilization of the NOL carry forward will be subject
to limitation under certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Management does not presently believe that such a change has occurred. 

No liability related to uncertain
tax positions is recorded on the financial statements related to uncertain tax positions. There are no unrecognized tax benefits as of
December 31, 2022. The Company does not expect that uncertain tax benefits will materially change in the next 12 months. 

All tax returns will
remain open for examination by the federal and state taxing authorities for three and four years, respectively, from the date of utilization
of any net operating loss carryforwards. 

14. 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On March 22, 2023, Beam Global
entered into a five year agreement with OCI Limited to provide a supply chain line of credit for up to 100 million. Beam Global intends
to use the funds to provide working capital to support business growth. 

F- 27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Beam Global 

Dated: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Desmond Wheatley 

Desmond Wheatley, Chief Executive Officer 
President and Chairman 

Power of Attorney 

Each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Desmond Wheatley and Katherine H. McDermott, true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign amendments to this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or
cause to be done by virtue thereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 Principal Executive Officer: 

/s/ Desmond Wheatley 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer, President and Chairman 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Desmond Wheatley 

Principal Financial Officer 
 and Principal Accounting Officer: 

/s/ Katherine H. McDermott 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Katherine H. McDermott 

Directors: 

/s/ Peter Davidson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Peter Davidson 

/s/ Anthony Posawatz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Anthony Posawatz 

/s/ Nancy Floyd 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Nancy Floyd 

S- 1 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 beam_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statement (No. 333-238701) on Form S-3, the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-248441 and 333-260036) on Form S-8 and
the Registration Statement (No. 333-267485) on Form S-1 of Beam Global of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the financial statements
of Beam Global, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Beam Global for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

Los Angeles, California 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 beam_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Desmond Wheatley, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Beam Global; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Desmond Wheatley 
 Desmond Wheatley, Chief Executive Officer 
 and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 beam_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Katherine H. McDermott, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Beam Global; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Katherine H. McDermott 
 Katherine H. McDermott, 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 beam_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Beam Global (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report I, Desmond
Wheatley, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

/s/ Desmond Wheatley 
 
 Date: March 31, 2023 

Desmond Wheatley, Chief Executive Officer 

and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies
the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 beam_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Beam Global (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report I, Katherine
H. McDermott, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

/s/ Katherine H. McDermott 
 
 Date: March 31, 2023 

Katherine H. McDermott, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies
the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 beem-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 beem-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 beem-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 beem-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

