<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1267238_0001267238-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>37545449</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>644616</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4570921</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14619920</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8687708</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8319464</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001267238-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217161213
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001267238-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		211
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASSURANT, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001267238
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE CARRIERS, NEC [6399]
		IRS NUMBER:				391126612
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31978
		FILM NUMBER:		23642634

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		260 INTERSTATE NORTH CIRCLE S.E.
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		770-763-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		260 INTERSTATE NORTH CIRCLE, S. E.
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASSURANT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001267238-23-000007.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 aiz-20221231.htm
 10-K

aiz-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of these error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion as of the last business day of the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022 based on the closing sale price of 172.85 per share for the common stock on such date as traded on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding at February 10, 2023 was . 

ASSURANT, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item Number Page Number PART I 1 Business 
 3 
 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 2 Properties 
 39 
 3 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 PART II 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 6 Reserved 
 43 
 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 
 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 66 
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 66 
 9B. Other Information 
 67 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 67 
 PART III 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 68 
 11 Executive Compensation 
 68 
 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 68 
 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 68 
 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 68 
 PART IV 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 69 
 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 72 
 Signatures 
 73 

Unless otherwise stated, all amounts are presented in United States of America U.S. Dollars and all amounts are in millions, except for number of shares, per share amounts, registered holders, number of employees, beneficial owners, number of securities in an unrealized loss position and number of loans. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Some statements in Item 1 Business and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (this Report ), including our business and financial plans and any statements regarding our anticipated future financial performance, business prospects, growth and operating strategies and similar matters, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by the use of words such as will, may, can, anticipates, expects, estimates, projects, intends, plans, believes, targets, forecasts, potential, approximately, and the negative versions of those words and other words and terms with a similar meaning. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based upon our historical performance and on current plans, estimates and expectations. The inclusion of this forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our future plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. Our actual results might differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or other developments. For a discussion of the factors that could affect our actual results, see Item 1A Risk Factors and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Factors Affecting Results. 

PART I 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the terms Assurant, the Company, we, us and our refer to Assurant, Inc. s consolidated operations. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Assurant, Inc. was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in 2004. 
 We are a leading global business services company that supports, protects and connects major consumer purchases. We support the advancement of the connected world by partnering with the world s leading brands to develop innovative solutions and to deliver an enhanced customer experience. We operate in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific through two operating segments: Global Lifestyle and Global Housing. Through our Global Lifestyle segment, we provide mobile device solutions, extended service products and related services for consumer electronics and appliances, and credit and other insurance products (referred to as Connected Living and vehicle protection, leased and financed solutions and other related services (referred to as Global Automotive ). Through our Global Housing segment, we provide lender-placed homeowners insurance, lender-placed manufactured housing insurance and lender-placed flood insurance (referred to as Lender-placed Insurance renters insurance and related products (referred to as Multifamily Housing and voluntary manufactured housing insurance, voluntary homeowners insurance and other specialty products (referred to as Specialty and Other ). Effective January 1, 2023, we realigned the composition of our reportable segments. See Segments below for additional information. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 Our financial strength and capabilities across our businesses create competitive advantages that we believe allow us to support our clients, deliver superior experience for their customers and drive sustainable profitable growth over the long term. 
 Our financial strength. We believe we have a strong balance sheet and operating cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, we had 33.12 billion in total assets and our debt to total capital was 33.5 . Our Global Lifestyle and Global Housing segments generate significant operating cash flows, which provides us with the flexibility to make investments to strengthen our strategic capabilities and enhance our partnerships with our clients. 
 Insights and capabilities enable innovation to meet evolving consumer needs. We have a deep understanding of our clients and the consumer markets they serve. We seek to leverage consumer insights, together with extensive capabilities, to identify and anticipate the needs of our clients and the consumers they serve. We intend to leverage those insights with investments in emerging technologies and operations, including digital-first solutions, to introduce innovative products and services and continuously adapt those offerings to the changing needs of the consumers in the connected world. 
 Value chain integration and customer experience. We own or manage multiple pieces of the value chain, which enables us to create products and service offerings based on client and consumer needs and provide a seamless customer experience. Offering end-to-end solutions allows us to provide additional value for consumers and adapt more quickly and efficiently to their needs. Visibility across the value chain helps us leverage insights to further improve the customer experience and our offerings. Our ability to introduce value-added services and capabilities across the value chain and provide a superior customer experience allows us to strengthen our partnerships and our competitive position. 
 Our Strategy for Profitable Growth 
 Our vision is to be the leading global business services company supporting the advancement of the connected world. As we focus on executing our vision, we believe we are positioned for continued long-term profitable growth by: 
 Growing our portfolio of market-leading businesses . Our businesses represent a group of leading, service-oriented offerings focused on compelling growth opportunities. This includes capitalizing on the convergence of the connected world in the global markets and geographies in which we operate. We intend to grow our businesses by strengthening our partnerships with major clients and prospects globally, while continuing to invest in talent, capabilities and technology, including digital, to enable us to deliver a superior customer experience, as well as further broadening our offerings and diversifying our distribution channels. As our service offerings expand, we expect to generate a more diversified mix of business and earnings, with decreasing exposure to catastrophe risk. 
 Providing integrated offerings through a superior, digital-first customer experience . As we continue to evolve our product and service capabilities and respond to client and consumer needs, we expect to accelerate the pace of innovation for our integrated offerings and drive additional value through a superior, digital-first customer experience. 
 Deploying our capital strategically. We intend to maintain our strong financial position and our prudent capital management approach. We generally deploy capital to invest in and grow our businesses, pay dividends and repurchase shares. 
 3 

Our approach to mergers, acquisitions and other growth opportunities reflects our strategic and disciplined approach to capital management. We target new businesses and capabilities, organically and through acquisitions, that complement or support our strategy. 
 Investing in talent. Our employees play a critical role in contributing to our success and supporting our business strategy. We believe in fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture to drive sustained profitable growth through innovation. We are focused on strategically attracting, developing, retaining and motivating our talent, as we prioritize programs and initiatives aimed at investing in our talent. 
 2022 Highlights 
 On January 1, 2022, Keith Demmings succeeded as the Company s chief executive officer CEO and joined the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). Under his leadership, the Company made progress in executing on its vision to be the leading global services provider supporting the advancement of the connected world. We continued to strengthen partnerships with key clients and delivered new, innovative solutions, while navigating more volatile market conditions. We continued to execute on our commitment to being a socially responsible company for our stakeholders, including being recognized as a Great Place to Work and advancing goals to reduce our environmental impact. We remain focused on engaging and developing our diverse talent pool through enhanced leadership and skills development programs. 
 Our business model represents a group of leading, service-oriented businesses supporting the connected world. In Global Lifestyle, our ability to continuously innovate our products and services supported a stronger and differentiated customer experience. In addition to key partner renewals, we secured new business opportunities and new client partnerships. In Global Housing, we initiated a business transformation, including exiting certain non-core businesses discussed below, as well as international catastrophe-exposed business, where we did not see a path to leadership positions. We took action to mitigate the impact of high inflation within our Lender-placed Insurance business and have continued to renew clients. While growth from our affinity partnerships in Multifamily Housing has slowed, our property management channel continues to expand. 
 Broadly across the Company, we accelerated several initiatives to realize greater efficiencies to position us for continued long-term growth. This included realigning our organizational structure, including in Global Housing, to better deploy talent to support the diverse needs of our businesses. We also accelerated our ongoing real estate consolidation to support work-from-home arrangements given our increasingly hybrid workforce. We expect to complete these actions in 2023. The Company expects approximately 55 million in gross annualized run rate savings to be realized from these actions by year-end 2024, with more than half expected to be realized in 2023. These savings will mitigate the impact of higher labor costs and headwinds from the macroeconomic environment, as well as fund additional investments, including increasing automation. 
 Throughout the year, we have maintained a strong balance sheet as we navigated macroeconomic uncertainty. In 2022, we returned 717.8 million to shareholders through share repurchases and common stock dividends, including the remaining net proceeds from the sale of the Global Preneed businesses. In June 2022, we redeemed 75.0 million of the 300.0 million then outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 4.20 Senior Notes due September 2023 at a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 
 In conjunction with the CEO transition, we changed our segment measure of profitability for our reportable segments to an Adjusted EBITDA metric, as the primary measure used for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing performance, from segment net income from continuing operations, effective as of that date. In addition, in the second quarter of 2022, we made the decision to fully exit certain businesses, including the long-tail commercial liability businesses in Global Housing (sharing economy and small commercial businesses), as well as certain legacy long-duration insurance policies within Global Lifestyle (collectively referred to as non-core operations ), and revised the calculation of our segment measure of profitability, Adjusted EBITDA. Prior period amounts have been revised accordingly. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for more information. 
 Environment, social and governance ESG priorities 
 Assurant is a purpose-driven company committed to making meaningful advancements each year to integrate our sustainability efforts with our long-term strategy, global business operations and our product and service offerings. In 2022, we continued to make progress on building a more sustainable company for all of our stakeholders. Our Board, Management Committee and employees understand the importance of sustainability to deliver greater value as we operate our business each day and support Assurant s long-term strategy. 
 Our sustainability strategic framework centers on four pillars against which we track our progress on significant ESG topics core to our business, as discussed below. Each of these pillars is dynamic with multiple dimensions that we align to our long-term business strategy. 
 4 

Responsible employer. We are a responsible employer with a culture that values diversity, equity and inclusion, and recognizes the importance of investing in employee talent. For additional information, refer to Human Capital Resources below. 
 Impact on society. We actively engage to strengthen the communities where we live and work worldwide while operating our business and managing our investments with a meaningful environmental commitment. 
 Customer commitment. We deliver differentiated experiences by being customer-centric and anticipating the needs of the people we serve. 
 Integrity and ethics. We adhere to unwavering standards of integrity, ethics, governance, privacy and information security. 
 Our longer-term strategic planning process, overseen by our Board, prioritized three multiyear ESG areas of focus: 
 Talent: Foster a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture to drive innovation for the benefit of all stakeholders, 
 Products: Help customers thrive in a connected world, and 
 Climate: Operate to minimize our carbon footprint and align our commitments to enhance climate action and environment performance. 
 
 For additional information on our ESG priorities, including our most recent Sustainability report, please refer to our website at https://www.assurant.com/our-story/sustainability . The information found on our website and in such reports is not incorporated by reference into and does not constitute a part of this Report. 
 Segments 
 The composition of our reportable segments matches how we view and manage our business. For additional information on our segments, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations and Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Effective January 1, 2023, we realigned the composition of our reportable segments to correspond with changes to the Global Housing operating structure. As a result, the Global Housing segment is now comprised of two key lines of business, Homeowners, and Renters and Other. Certain specialty products, mainly the Leased and Financed business, previously reported in the Global Housing segment are now reported in Global Lifestyle to better align with our go-to-market strategy. The realignment has no impact on our consolidated results and will be reflected beginning with first quarter 2023 reporting. 

Global Lifestyle 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net earned premiums, fees and other income by product: Connected Living (1) 4,233.4 4,303.2 4,216.5 Global Automotive 3,702.7 3,436.9 3,115.1 Total 7,936.1 7,740.1 7,331.6 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 753.4 702.1 636.0 Segment equity (2) 4,582.9 4,559.1 4,491.2 
 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 46.2 , 47.7 , and 48.8 , respectively, of net earned premiums, fees and other income was from mobile products, 44.0 , 43.3 , and 42.2 , respectively, was from extended service contracts and 9.8 , 9.0 , and 9.0 , respectively, was from financial services and other products. 
 (2) Segment equity does not include components of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ), which is primarily comprised of net unrealized gains on securities, net of taxes. For additional information on total AOCI, see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 Our Products and Services 
 The key lines of business in Global Lifestyle are: Connected Living, which includes mobile device solutions, extended service contracts (insurance policies and warranties) ESCs for consumer electronics and appliances, and credit and other insurance products; and Global Automotive. 
 Connected Living: Through partnerships with mobile device carriers, retailers, multiple system operators MSOs ), original equipment manufacturers OEMs and financial and other institutions, we underwrite and provide administrative support and related services for ESCs. These contracts provide consumers with coverage on mobile devices and consumer electronics and appliances, protecting them from certain covered losses. We pay the cost of repairing or replacing these 
 5 

consumer goods in the event of loss, theft, accidental damage, mechanical breakdown or electronic malfunction after the manufacturer's warranty expires. Our strategy is to provide integrated service offerings to our clients that address all aspects of the insurance, ESC or warranty, including program design and marketing strategy, risk management, data analytics, customer support and claims handling, supply chain services, service delivery and repair and logistics management. For example, we provide end-to-end mobile device lifecycle solutions in our mobile business from when the device is received and inspected, repaired or refurbished, to when it is ultimately disposed of through a sale to a third-party or used to support an insurance claim. In addition to extended protection for multiple devices, our mobile offerings include trade-in and upgrade programs, premium technical support, including device self-diagnostic tools, and device disposition. We also sell repaired or refurbished mobile and other electronic devices. We provide in-store, same-day device repairs to customers through our nationwide network of nearly 500 Cell Phone Repair locations. We believe that with the required administrative capability, digital platforms enabling on-boarding, claims management and service delivery, supply chain management, technical support infrastructure, insurance underwriting capabilities and a variety of adjacent value-added services, like trade-in and upgrade and asset value recovery, we maintain a differentiated position in this marketplace. 
 Within Connected Living, our global financial services business maintains a suite of protection and assurance products that deliver a combination of features and benefits for varying customer segment needs. With major financial services clients, we provide value-added financial services in the U.S. and internationally, ranging from credit insurance to inclusive credit card benefits and travel coverages. Although traditional credit insurance has been in decline in North America, traditional credit and travel and credit card benefit products remain a core offering in select international markets. 
 Global Automotive: We underwrite and provide administrative services for vehicle service contracts VSCs and ancillary products providing coverage for vehicles, including automobiles, trucks, recreational vehicles, motorcycles, construction and agricultural equipment, as well as parts. For VSCs, we pay the cost of repairing a customer s vehicle in the event of mechanical breakdown. For ancillary products, coverage varies, but, generally, we pay the cost of repairing, servicing or replacing parts or provide other financial compensation in the event of mechanical breakdown, accidental damage or theft. We provide integrated service offerings to our clients, including program design and marketing strategy, risk management, data analytics, customer support and claims handling, reinsurance facilitation, actuarial consulting, experiential and digital training and performance management. 
 Distribution and Clients 
 Global Lifestyle operates globally, with approximately 82 of its revenue from North America (the U.S. and Canada), 8 from Latin America (Brazil, Argentina, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Chile, Colombia and Peru), 5 from Europe (the United Kingdom (the U.K. ), France, Italy, Spain, Germany and the Netherlands) and 5 from Asia Pacific (South Korea, China (and Hong Kong), Japan, Australia, India, Singapore and New Zealand) for the year ended December 31, 2022. Global Lifestyle focuses on establishing strong, long-term relationships with clients that are leaders in their markets, including leading distributors of our products and services. In Connected Living, we partner with mobile device carriers, retailers, MSOs, OEMs and financial and other institutions to market our mobile device solutions and with some of the largest OEMs, consumer electronics retailers, appliance retailers (including e-commerce retailers) and MSOs to market our ESC products and related services. In addition, we partner with financial institutions, insurers and retailers to market our credit insurance and embedded card offerings. In Global Automotive, we partner with auto dealers and agents, third-party administrators and manufacturers to market our vehicle protection, leased and financed solutions and other related services. 
 Most of our distribution agreements are exclusive. Typically, these agreements are multi-year with terms generally between three and five years and allow us to integrate our administrative systems with those of our clients. 
 Global Lifestyle is dependent on a few clients, in particular mobile device carriers, and the loss of any one or more such clients could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues. 
 Our Addressable Markets and Market Activity 
 The mobile protection market is a large and growing global market, characterized by growth in the Internet of Things and evolving wireless standards, particularly the advent of 5G. While smartphone penetration in the U.S., Japanese and European markets is high, other markets are less mature and present growth opportunities. Global adoption of 5G by subscribers is a high priority for mobile device carriers in all markets. The worldwide used and refurbished smartphone market is also expected to continue to grow. 
 Consumer needs relating to mobile devices are continuing to expand in scope. We believe there are growth opportunities in bundled protection products, which support customers as they take full advantage of the features and functions of their mobile devices through their daily interaction with a connected world. Customer support, device financing, buyback, trade-in 
 6 

and upgrade programs are some of the areas that continue to gain traction. Expanded capabilities like repair and logistics, technical support for customers and digital security allow us to create product and service offerings that customers find compelling. We believe there are additional growth opportunities in new device categories, such as accessories (e.g., ear buds, watches) and connected smart devices (e.g., smart speakers, laptops, tablets). 
 Our business is subject to fluctuations in mobile device trade-in and upgrade volumes based on the release of new devices and carrier promotional programs, as well as customer preferences. As a general trend, we believe the average smartphone replacement cycle is lengthening, which may increase attachment rates for mobile protection offerings, including for our large, installed customer base. However, this trend may be reversed based on new technology and innovation. Recently, major manufacturers have expressed a temporary challenge in mobile device production resulting from COVID-related lockdowns in China, which limits available inventory and increases lead time for consumers ordering new devices. Based on publicly available information, we expect this to correct itself in the first half of 2023. See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our mobile business is subject to the risk of declines in the value and availability of mobile devices in our inventory, and to export compliance and other risks 
 In the vehicle sales markets, U.S. new vehicle sales have tempered as supply chain constraints, including chip shortages, and rising interest rates are creating headwinds in the used vehicle market. We expect new vehicle sales to increase as chip availability increases while the used vehicle market is expected to decline as sales shift to new vehicles. Assurant continues to expand our footprint in the U.S. by adding new dealership clients and growing our dealer and third-party administrator networks. We work closely with our global partners to develop innovative offerings that reflect the evolution of the auto market, such as our enhanced products for battery electric vehicles and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles. In addition, new vehicle sales outside of the U.S. continue to grow in most markets. 
 Consumers are becoming increasingly connected across their mobile devices, vehicles and homes, which is creating a global market for smart home devices and related services. As we continue into the Connected Decade , we believe it will create long-term opportunities for Assurant as consumers lifestyles will increasingly intertwine with their connected ecosystems, which we call the connected world. Due to our capabilities, including device protection, premium technology support, service delivery and financing, as well as technology components such as dynamic fulfillment, which integrates a dynamic mobile claims management process with risk and fraud mitigation, we are well positioned to support customers as the smart home market continues to grow. 
 In our financial services business, we anticipate continued declines in our traditional credit insurance in North America. Our focus is on expanding our partnerships with leading financial institutions to offer credit card benefit offerings to their customers. The traditional credit and travel and credit card benefit products are actively sold in select international markets. 
 Risk Management 
 We earn premiums on our insurance and warranty products and fees for our other services. We write a portion of our contracts on a retrospective commission basis. This allows us to adjust commissions on the basis of claims experience. Under these commission arrangements, our clients compensation is based upon the actual losses incurred compared to premiums earned after a specified net allowance to us. We believe that these arrangements better align our clients interests with ours and help us to better manage risk exposure. For additional risks relating to our Global Lifestyle segment, please see Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 Inventory 
 In our mobile business, we carry inventory to meet the delivery requirements of certain clients. These devices are ultimately disposed of through sales to third parties. Our inventory includes devices and parts on consignment with our nationwide network of nearly 500 Cell Phone Repair locations through which we provide in-store repairs. Inventory levels may vary from period to period due to, among other things, differences between actual and forecasted demand, supply chain constraints, the addition of new devices and parts, and strategic purchases. Payment terms with clients also vary, which may result in less inventory financed by clients and more inventory financed with our own capital. 
 We take various actions to manage our inventory, including monitoring our inventory levels, managing the timing of purchases and obtaining return rights for some programs and devices. However, the value of certain inventory will be adversely impacted by technological changes affecting the usefulness or desirability of the devices and parts, physical problems resulting from faulty design or manufacturing, increased competition, decreased consumer demand, including due to changes in customer preferences and changes in client promotions, supply chain constraints, growing industry emphasis on cost containment and adverse foreign trade relationships. No assurance can be given that we will be adequately protected against declines in inventory value. See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our mobile business is subject to the risk of declines in the value and availability of mobile devices in our inventory, and to export compliance and other risks. 
 Seasonality 
 7 

We experience seasonal fluctuations that impact demand in each of our lines of business. For example, seasonality for ESCs and VSCs aligns with the seasonality of the retail and automobile markets. In addition, our mobile results, which align with the seasonality of mobile device sales and are affected by trade-in volumes, may fluctuate quarter to quarter due to the actual and anticipated timing and availability of the release of new devices and carrier promotional programs. 

Global Housing 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net earned premiums, fees and other income by product: Lender-placed Insurance 1,124.0 1,065.9 1,052.5 Multifamily Housing 482.4 482.3 451.6 Specialty and Other 404.0 393.2 397.9 Total 2,010.4 1,941.4 1,902.0 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 302.0 357.1 318.0 Segment equity (1) 1,433.2 1,399.0 1,471.2 
 
 (1) Segment equity does not include components of AOCI, which is primarily comprised of net unrealized gains on securities, net of taxes. For additional information on total AOCI, see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 Our Products and Services 
 The key lines of business in Global Housing are: Lender-placed Insurance; Multifamily Housing (which is comprised of renters insurance and related products); and Specialty and Other (which is comprised of voluntary manufactured housing insurance, voluntary homeowners insurance and other specialty products). 
 Lender-placed Insurance: We provide lender-placed homeowners, lender-placed manufactured housing and lender-placed flood insurance as described below. 
 Lender-placed homeowners insurance . Lender-placed homeowners insurance consists principally of fire and dwelling hazard insurance offered through our lender-placed program. The lender-placed program provides collateral protection to lenders, mortgage servicers and investors in mortgaged properties in the event that a homeowner does not maintain insurance on a mortgaged dwelling. Lender-placed homeowners insurance provides structural coverage, similar to that of a standard homeowners policy. The amount of coverage is often based on the last known insurance coverage under the prior policy for the property and provides replacement cost coverage on the property. It protects both the lender s interest and the borrower s interest and equity. We also provide real estate owned REO insurance, consisting of insurance on foreclosed properties managed by our clients. 
 In the majority of cases, we use proprietary insurance-tracking administration systems linked with the administrative systems of our clients to monitor clients mortgage portfolios to verify the existence of insurance on each mortgaged property and identify those that are uninsured. If there is a potential lapse in insurance coverage, we begin a process of notification and outreach to both the homeowner and the last known insurance carrier or agent through phone calls and written correspondence, which generally takes up to 90 days to complete. If coverage cannot be verified at the end of this process, the mortgage servicer procures a lender-placed policy. The process of tracking voluntary coverage - including determining whether voluntary coverage is in force, the policy limits in place, the perils insured and the deductibles, and obtaining other required insurance related information - is part of our risk exposure management for our Lender-placed Insurance business. The exposure management process is needed in order to underwrite the risk we assume, to understand loss exposure and to communicate with appropriate parties, including the lender, insurance agent and homeowner. Our placement rates reflect the ratio of insurance policies placed to loans tracked. The homeowner always retains the option to obtain or renew the insurance of his or her choice. 
 Lender-placed manufactured housing insurance. Lender-placed manufactured housing insurance consists principally of fire and dwelling hazard insurance for manufactured housing offered through our lender-placed program. Lender-placed manufactured housing insurance is issued after an insurance tracking and exposure management process similar to that described above. In most cases, tracking is performed using a proprietary insurance-tracking administration system. 
 Lender-placed flood insurance . Lender-placed flood insurance consists of flood insurance offered through our lender-placed program. It provides collateral protection to lenders in mortgaged properties in the event a homeowner does not maintain required flood insurance. Lender-placed flood insurance is issued after an insurance tracking and exposure management process similar to that described above. 
 8 

Multifamily Housing: We provide integrated solutions across the resident lifecycle. We offer renters insurance for a wide variety of single and multi-family rental properties, providing content protection for renters personal belongings and liability protection for the property owners against renter-caused damage. We also offer an integrated billing and tracking platform for our clients and their customers. In addition, we provide tenant bonds as an alternative to security deposits, which allows our clients to offer a lower move-in cost option while minimizing the risk of loss from damages, and receivables management, which helps our clients to maximize the collection of amounts owed by prior tenants. 
 Specialty and Other: We offer voluntary manufactured housing insurance, voluntary condominium and homeowners insurance and other specialty products. Our voluntary insurance generally provides structural coverage, contents and liability coverage. We are also the second largest administrator for the U.S. government under the voluntary National Flood Insurance Program (the NFIP ), for which we earn fees for collecting premiums and processing claims. This business is 100 reinsured to the U.S. government. 
 Distribution and Clients 
 Global Housing establishes long-term relationships with leading mortgage lenders and servicers, manufactured housing lenders, property managers and financial, insurance and other institutions. Lender-placed Insurance products are distributed primarily through mortgage lenders, mortgage servicers and financial and other institutions. The majority of our lender-placed agreements are exclusive. Typically, these agreements have terms of three to five years and allow us to integrate our systems with those of our clients. Multifamily Housing products are distributed primarily through property management companies and affinity marketing partners. We offer our Specialty and Other insurance programs primarily through manufactured housing lenders and retailers, along with independent specialty agents. Independent specialty agents also distribute flood products and other specialty property products. 
 Global Housing is dependent on a few clients, and the loss of any one or more such clients could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues. 
 Our Addressable Markets and Market Activity 
 With respect to the lender-placed market, placement rates have been and are expected to continue to be generally flat. We continue to monitor the state of the overall housing market and the potential impact of loan modifications, forbearances and foreclosure delays, including the impact to REO volumes. Should the housing market deteriorate for a prolonged period, we would expect a longer-term increase in our placement rates over time. In addition to the overall market, our lender-placed results are also impacted by inflation, which has and may continue to increase the costs of paying claims, and the mix of loans we service. 
 The U.S. renters insurance market is a growing market with new building development, occupancy and relocation trends. We believe there is opportunity to increase our market share and attachment rates with new and existing clients through our investments in digital platforms designed to deliver superior, digital-first customer experience and our expanded offerings to provide end-to-end solutions. 
 Risk Management 
 We earn premiums on our insurance products and fees for our services. Our lender-placed insurance products are not underwritten on an individual policy basis. Contracts with our clients require us to issue these policies automatically when a borrower s insurance coverage is not maintained. These products are priced to factor in the additional risk from ensuring that all client properties have continuous insurance coverage. We monitor pricing adequacy based on a variety of factors and adjust pricing as required, subject to regulatory constraints. For additional risks related to pricing and modeling, see Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks We may be unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, which could reduce our profitability and Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management. 
 Because several of our business lines (such as homeowners, manufactured housing and other property policies) are exposed to catastrophe risks, we purchase reinsurance coverage to reduce our financial exposure, protect capital, and mitigate earnings and cash flow volatility. Our reinsurance program generally incorporates a provision to allow for the reinstatement of coverage, which provides protection against the risk of multiple catastrophes in a single year. 
 For 2022, our property catastrophe reinsurance program includes U.S. per-occurrence catastrophe coverage providing 1.16 billion of protection in excess of 80.0 million retention in the main reinsurance program for a first event. In addition, it includes multi-year reinsurance contracts covering approximately 45 of the U.S. program, reducing volatility in future reinsurance costs. All layers of the program allow for one automatic reinstatement, except the first layer which has two reinstatements and covers the first 30.0 million of losses in excess of the 80.0 million retention. The 2022 program also 
 9 

maintains a cascading feature that provides multi-event protection in which higher coverage layers (Layers 3 through 6) drop down to 110.0 million as the lower layers and reinstatement limit are exhausted. Layer 7 does not cascade, with a retention of 955.0 million and a limit of 290.0 million. When combined with the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund, the U.S. program is covered for gross Florida losses of up to approximately 1.34 billion. The 2022 catastrophe reinsurance program also includes Caribbean catastrophe coverage providing 150.0 million, including a 2.0 million co-participation on the top layer, in excess of a 20.0 million retention. 
 For our 2023 catastrophe reinsurance program, costs have increased, generally in line with expectations. As of January 2023, approximately 64 of the 2023 program was placed and we anticipate elevated pricing will continue in June. 
 We are also subject to non-catastrophe risk from isolated fire, water and wind damage, theft and vandalism, as well as general liability in renters and homeowners policies. Losses are impacted by increases in inflation and supply chain disruptions that increase the cost of materials and labor required to settle claims. Please see Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses, including as a result of climate change and the current inflationary environment, could materially reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . 
 Seasonality 
 We experience seasonal fluctuation in several of our lines of business, which are exposed to the risk of catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses. Catastrophe events such as hurricanes typically occur in the second half of the year, and may increase in frequency and severity due to climate change. We also experience some seasonal fluctuation in non-catastrophe weather-related claims that tend to occur in the first half of the year. 

Competition 
 Our businesses focus on supporting, protecting and connecting major consumer purchases. Although we face global competition in each of our businesses, we believe that no single competitor competes against us in all of our business lines. Across Global Lifestyle and Global Housing, we compete for business, customers, agents and other distribution relationships with many insurance companies, warranty and protection companies, financial services companies, mobile device repair and logistics companies, technology and software companies and specialized competitors that focus on one market, product or service. We must respond to the threat of disruption by traditional players, as well as from new entrants, such as Insurtech start-up companies and others. Competition in each business is based on a number of factors, including scope of products and services offered, ability to tailor products and services to client and consumer needs, product features and terms, pricing, technology offerings, diversity of distribution resources, brand recognition, costs, financial strength and ratings, resources, and quality of service, including speed of claims payment and the overall customer experience. The relative importance of these factors varies by product and market. To remain competitive in many of our businesses, we must also anticipate and respond effectively to changes in customer preferences, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, disruptive technology developments and alternate business models. For further information on the risks associated with competition, see Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Human Capital Resources 
 A cornerstone of Assurant is the employees who bring our purpose, values and commitments to life each day for the millions of customers we serve worldwide. We believe in fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture to drive sustained profitable growth through innovation. We regularly evaluate our policies, practices and programs to ensure we continue to attract, develop and retain the best talent to support our strategy. This includes ongoing investments in competitive total rewards and wellbeing offerings, and providing programs for learning, development and engagement, while continuously enhancing the experience of our employees who are critical to our long-term success. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Assurant had approximately 13,700 employees in 21 countries. Our diverse workforce spans a wide range of roles and skills to further our vision of supporting the advancement of the connected world. While 80 of our employee base was located in North America, we continued to expand our presence in key international markets across Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific to support our increasingly global client portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 64 of our employees were frontline workers, inclusive of hourly roles such as customer care, claims administration and mobile repair and logistics. The remaining 36 were in managerial roles, inclusive of salaried employees engaged in an array of business and support functions. As of December 31, 2022, 60 of our global workforce were female. In the U.S., our largest market, women accounted for 62 of employees while other underrepresented minority groups accounted for 53 of our domestic workforce. We continue to promote a more diverse and inclusive workforce across all levels of the Company in support of our business strategy. 
 10 

For full-year 2022, our global turnover rate was 25 , reflecting our blended workforce; turnover for managerial and salaried roles was 10 , generally consistent with the prior year despite an increasingly competitive market for talent. This compares to 32 turnover for frontline employees where turnover rates are typically higher. Following the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have seen an increase in turnover in these roles reflecting the tight market for hourly workers in customer care and claims roles, as well as the larger concentration of in-store mobile service and repair technicians in the U.S. in 2022. 
 The Board, through its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, in conjunction with the Compensation Committee, oversee the significant human capital management programs of Assurant, which are led by Assurant s CEO and its Chief Administrative Officer. 
 Attracting, developing and retaining the best talent globally is key to our success in sustaining long-term profitable growth. In conjunction with the appointment of Keith Demmings as President and CEO in January 2022, we refreshed the composition of our Management Committee and evolved our organizational model and structure to support the execution of our strategy in alignment with our culture. In December 2022, we finalized a restructuring plan to further optimize our organizational structure in response to evolving business needs. We expect those actions will enable us to not only realize operational efficiencies, but also better leverage our global talent pool to support our business. 
 Overall, our talent strategy is focused on employee engagement and investments in programs to support career development, as well as recognizing and rewarding performance. We believe these programs and opportunities create a diverse pipeline of talent and leadership necessary to drive and deliver on our long-term strategy. 
 In 2022, we refreshed the key tenets of our culture, specifically to foster greater understanding of our renewed purpose and why the work we do each day matters to the stakeholders we serve, as well as the behaviors that drive success at Assurant. 
 We regularly engage with our employees to seek feedback through an array of forums and channels, including one-on-one discussions with managers, interactive townhall meetings, targeted employee surveys and our enterprise-wide listening program designed to expand opportunities for anonymous, real-time feedback between managers and employees. Key topics covered include our culture, diversity, equity and inclusion, learning and development, wellbeing and recognition. Based on employee feedback, action plans are implemented to address gaps or to further enhance employee satisfaction in alignment with our overall human capital strategy. 
 Results from our most recent listening program concluded in June 2022 benefited from strong employee participation and highlighted that employees generally feel engaged and aligned with the Company s priorities. In many areas, such as mental wellbeing, recognition and freedom of opinion, results trended more favorably against our 2021 engagement survey and at or above comparable industry benchmarks. The 2022 results reinforced that our culture is a differentiator and strengths identified last year in the areas of overall engagement, goal setting, management support, work environment and flexibility, and diversity and inclusion continue to trend positively. Areas for continuing improvement include career development opportunities and managing workload. We will continue to develop actions plans in areas for improvement and monitor our progress each year. 
 Fostering Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 At Assurant, we believe diversity, equity and inclusion DE I fosters innovation and creates growth opportunities by strengthening employee engagement for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. We believe diverse teams and inclusive cultures perform better by improving our ability to respond to the changing global marketplace and social landscape. 
 We are committed to gender, racial and ethnic diversity at all levels of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, women comprised 60 of our global workforce, 43 at the managerial levels, 18 at the Assurant Management Committee level and 31 of our Board; and 53 of our U.S. workforce, 44 at the managerial levels, 18 at the Assurant Management Committee level and 23 of our Board identified as racially or ethnically diverse. Four of the Company s diverse directors held leadership roles, including the Board Chair and three committee chairs. 
 We are committed to continuing to increase representation and engagement of underrepresented groups within Assurant. Assurant s Executive Inclusion Council, chaired by our CEO and comprised of our Management Committee, provides leadership oversight, engagement and accountability throughout Assurant to foster greater DE I. Our Chief Administrative Officer has direct oversight and responsibility for our DE I strategy. Additionally, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is committed to including women and minority candidates in the pool of qualified candidates from which Board nominees are chosen and will continue to review its processes and procedures to ensure that diverse candidates are included. 
 We recruit talent in diverse communities, including through strategic and educational partnerships that bring greater visibility and expertise. We continue to strengthen our recruiting and talent practices to identify and remove inherent biases that could influence outcomes, including ongoing enterprise-wide diversity training and diverse slate and interviewing requirements for all managerial and above job openings. We are focused on inclusion through global programming that spotlights the experiences of underrepresented groups. In 2022, we launched three Employee Resource Groups to provide forums for 
 11 

employees to raise topics that are important to underrepresented groups. To augment local initiatives, we sponsored an inaugural, enterprise-wide diversity and inclusion mentorship program. In the marketplace, we support social justice causes through the Assurant Foundation and we partner with nonprofit organizations to provide leadership development opportunities. In 2022, we expanded our employees participation in targeted development programs for women and underrepresented groups including representation at various HACE (Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement), ELC (Executive Leadership Council) and LEAP (Leadership Acceleration Program) forums. 
 Pay Equity 
 Assurant is committed to pay equity. Our compensation practices and programs consider a variety of factors designed to set fair and equitable compensation levels. We take a holistic approach to evaluating and aligning roles with compensation levels based on job responsibilities, market competitiveness, geographical location, strategic importance of roles and other relevant factors. We periodically evaluate our compensation practices and for the last several years have engaged in a multi-step process to ensure that we are compensating equitably across employees performing similar job responsibilities. Results from our last review completed in 2022, which examined base pay for U.S. and U.K.-based employees, confirmed that we are fairly administering pay and see no evidence of systemic and material pay equity issues. We expect to continue to assess compensation practices annually and remain committed to remediate any significant pay disparities we may discover. We also continue to monitor and adjust market wages as necessary to ensure we provide competitive wages, consistent with our ongoing compensation practices. 
 We remain committed to investing in our people through competitive rewards and development opportunities. In 2022, this included making targeted off-cycle adjustments to ensure alignment of pay with the market and continuing to reward high performers. We continued to invest in merit increases, allocating more funding to front-line employees in recognition of the disproportionate impact of the current challenging economic environment. We have advanced our commitment to pay transparency, particularly in North America, by providing employees with base salary ranges for their role and grade beginning in 2023. 
 Total Rewards and Wellbeing 
 We are committed to the health and safety of our employees as we believe the success of our business is directly connected to their wellbeing. In addition to providing robust compensation and benefits programs and opportunities to invest in their financial future, we offer employees and their families access to a variety of health and wellness programs. Our Total Rewards programs help to provide protection and security related to events that may require time away from work or that impact their financial wellbeing, such as paid time off, family leave, family care resources and flexible work schedules. Our Global Employee Assistance Plan provides additional support to help employees and their families access critical resources for their wellbeing, including financial, physical and mental health. 
 We regularly benchmark our Total Rewards against companies of similar size and industries to ensure our offerings remain competitive and solicit employee feedback on the evolving needs of our workforce. In 2022, we conducted employee focus groups that helped validate that recommended plan changes for 2023 met the needs of our diverse workforce particularly around predictability and affordability of health care costs. We will continue to assess additional opportunities across Total Rewards and Wellbeing to help attract and retain top talent. 
 Recognizing the benefit of flexible work arrangements for our business, customers and employees, in 2022, we enabled a long-term shift to a hybrid work model to support our business and talent strategy. A majority of our employees now work virtually on a full-time or part-time basis and while we will continue to encourage purposeful in-person engagement to support our culture, team development and product innovation, we believe our hybrid work model will remain a key competitive advantage to support the evolving needs of our customers and employees. Within this hybrid environment, we introduced a new framework to support enterprise engagement. We accelerated our ongoing real estate consolidation to support work-from-home arrangements given our increasingly hybrid workforce, while making necessary investments in key facilities and markets to support the long-term strategy of the Company. 
 Learning and Development 
 Learning and development are essential to Assurant s success. We continually invest in our employees career growth and provide employees with a wide range of training and development opportunities, including face-to-face, virtual and self-directed learning, mentoring and external development opportunities. We delivered live-virtual training to support the initial rollout of our redefined culture tenets which will continue as we further embed into our talent practices around key areas such as recruiting, performance management and recognition. Strengthening employees leadership, technical and professional skills to broaden career opportunities, while also reinforcing a culture of strong ethics and compliance, are primary focus areas. In 2022, we implemented key initiatives to increase adoption of new technology and processes providing both learning tools and change support, furthering our focus on a digital-first mindset. Assurant also assists employees in the pursuit of undergraduate and graduate degrees, certifications and continuing education required by certain professional organizations. 
 12 

We have adapted our learning and development programs and delivery modes to meet the varying needs of our business and our predominantly virtual workforce. We provide a broad array of training on topics such as managing virtual and hybrid teams, mental health awareness and building resilience, managerial skills, and diversity and inclusion. 
 Succession Planning 
 An important element of our talent strategy is succession planning and building diverse leadership pipelines for our most critical roles across the organization. 
 We assess the performance and potential of current incumbents, identify and assess potential successors, and create targeted development plans to strengthen the preparedness and diversity of our talent pipeline. Annually, we conduct a comprehensive talent review to discuss potential successors of our Management Committee and other key leadership roles. In 2022, we extended this to a broader group of top talent as we look to ensure better visibility into our strengths and opportunities for prioritized roles. The Board and the Nominating Committee annually review the CEO succession plan and succession plans for senior executives, which includes emergency successors for each role, with the goal to ensure we have the right leadership in place to execute the Company s long-term strategic plans. 
 For more information on our human capital resources, please refer to our most recent Sustainability Report available at https://www.assurant.com/our-story/sustainability and our most recent Proxy Statement available at ir.assurant.com . The information found on our website and in such reports is not incorporated by reference into and does not constitute a part of this Report. 

Ratings 
 Independent rating organizations periodically review the financial strength of insurers, including many of our insurance subsidiaries. Financial strength ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to meet its financial obligations to policyholders and contract holders. These ratings are not applicable to our common stock or debt securities. Ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. 
 Rating agencies also use an outlook statement of positive, stable, negative or developing to indicate a medium- or long-term trend in credit fundamentals which, if continued, may lead to a rating change. A rating may have a stable outlook to indicate that the rating is not expected to change; however, a stable outlook does not preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time, without notice. 
 Most of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries are rated by A.M. Best Company A.M. Best ). In addition, three of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries are rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s and S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc. S P ). The ratings issued on our operating insurance subsidiaries by these agencies are announced publicly and are available from the agencies. 
 For information on the risks associated with ratings downgrades, see Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks A decline in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The following table summarizes the financial strength ratings and outlooks of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022: 
 A.M. Best (1) Moody s (2) S P (3) Company American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida A A2 A American Bankers Life Assurance Company of Florida A A2 A American Security Insurance Company A A2 A Caribbean American Life Assurance Company A N/A N/A Caribbean American Property Insurance Company A N/A N/A Reliable Lloyds Insurance Company A N/A N/A Standard Guaranty Insurance Company A N/A N/A Virginia Surety Company, Inc. A N/A N/A Voyager Indemnity Insurance Company A N/A N/A 
 (1) A.M. Best financial strength ratings range from A++ (superior) to D (poor). Ratings of A fall under the excellent category, which is the second highest of A.M. Best s seven ratings categories. A.M. Best has a stable outlook on American Bankers Life Assurance Company of Florida and Caribbean American Life Assurance Company and a positive outlook on all of our other domestic operating insurance subsidiaries financial strength ratings. 
 13 

(2) Moody s insurance financial strength ratings range from Aaa (highest quality) to C (lowest rated). A numeric modifier may be appended to ratings from Aa to Caa to indicate relative position within a category, with 1 being the highest and 3 being the lowest. A rating of A2 is considered upper-medium-grade and falls within the third highest of Moody s nine ratings categories. Moody's has a stable outlook on all of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries insurance financial strength ratings. 
 (3) S P s insurer financial strength ratings range from AAA (extremely strong) to D (general default). A + or - may be appended to ratings from categories AA to CCC to indicate relative position within a category. Ratings of A (strong) are within the third highest of S P s nine ratings categories. S P has a stable outlook on all of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries insurer financial strength ratings. 

Regulation 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state and international regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions in which we do business. Regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. 
 The following is a summary of significant regulations that apply to our businesses, but is not intended to be a comprehensive review of every regulation to which we are subject. For information on the risks associated with regulations applicable to us, see Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks , Item 1A Risk Factors Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks and Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks. 
 Holding Company Insurance Regulations 
 Under applicable insurance holding company regulations, no person may acquire a controlling interest in the Company or any of our insurance company subsidiaries, unless such person has obtained prior regulatory approval for such acquisition. Under these laws, control is presumed when any person acquires or holds, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of our common stock or of the voting securities of any of our insurance company subsidiaries. To obtain approval, the proposed acquiror must file an application with the relevant regulator. For more information on the risks associated with holding company insurance regulations, see Item 1A Risk Factors General Risk Factors Applicable laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. 
 U.S. Insurance Regulation 
 We are subject to the insurance holding company laws in the states and territories where our insurance companies are domiciled. These laws generally require insurance companies within the insurance holding company system to register with the insurance departments of their respective states and territories of domicile and furnish reports to such insurance departments regarding capital structure, ownership, financial condition, risk management, corporate governance, general business operations and intercompany transactions. These laws also require that transactions between affiliated companies be fair and equitable. In addition, certain intercompany transactions, changes of control, certain dividend payments and certain transfers of assets between the companies within the holding company system are subject to prior notice to, or approval by, regulatory authorities in such states and territories. 
 We are licensed to sell insurance through our insurance subsidiaries in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia. Like all U.S. insurance companies, our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions where they do business. In general, these regulations are designed to protect the interests of policyholders, and not necessarily the interests of shareholders and other investors. To that end, the laws of the various jurisdictions establish insurance departments with broad powers with respect to such things as: 
 licensing; 
 capital, surplus and dividends; 
 underwriting requirements and limitations (including, in some cases, minimum or target loss ratios); 
 entrance into and exit from markets; 
 introduction, cancellation and termination of certain coverages; 
 statutory accounting and annual statement disclosure requirements; 
 product types, policy forms and mandated insurance benefits; 
 premium rates; 
 fines, penalties and assessments; 
 claims practices, including occasional regulatory requirements to pay claims on terms other than those mandated by underlying policy contracts; 
 transactions between affiliates; 
 the form and content of disclosures to consumers; 
 14 

the type, amounts and valuation of investments; 
 annual tests of solvency and reserve adequacy; 
 assessments or other surcharges for guaranty funds and the recovery of assessments through premium increases; and 
 market conduct and sales practices of insurers and agents. 
 Risk-Based Capital Requirements. In order to enhance the regulation of insurer solvency, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (the NAIC has established certain risk-based capital RBC standards applicable to life, health and property and casualty insurers. RBC, which regulators use to assess the sufficiency of an insurer s statutory capital, is calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, expense, liability and reserve items. Factors are higher for items that the NAIC views as having greater underlying risk. The NAIC periodically reviews the RBC formula and changes to the formula could occur in the future. 
 In December 2020, the NAIC adopted a group capital calculation tool using an RBC aggregation methodology for all entities within the insurance holding company system, including non-U.S. entities. The goal is to provide U.S. regulators with a method to aggregate the available capital and the minimum capital of each entity in a group in a way that applies to all groups regardless of their structure in order to identify risks that may emanate from an insurer s holding company system. The NAIC has stated that the calculation will be a regulatory tool and will not constitute a requirement or standard. State legislatures began adoption of the group capital calculation model regulations in 2021 and state adoption is expected to continue in 2023. 
 Investment Regulation. Insurance company investments must comply with applicable laws and regulations that govern the kind, quality and concentration of investments made by insurance companies. These regulations require diversification of insurance company investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain asset categories. 
 Financial Reporting. Regulators closely monitor the financial condition of licensed insurance companies. Our insurance subsidiaries are required to file periodic financial reports with insurance regulators. Moreover, states and territories regulate the form and content of these statutory financial statements. 
 Products and Coverage. Insurance regulators have broad authority to regulate many aspects of our products and services. Additionally, certain non-insurance products and services we offer, such as service contracts, may be regulated by regulatory bodies other than departments of insurance and may be subject to consumer protection laws. 
 Pricing and Premium Rates. Nearly all states and territories have insurance laws requiring insurers to file price schedules and policy forms with the state s or territory s regulatory authority. In many cases, these price schedules and/or policy forms must be approved prior to use, and state and territory insurance departments have the power to disapprove increases or require decreases in the premium rates we charge. 
 Market Conduct Regulation. Activities of insurers are highly regulated by state and territory insurance laws and regulations, that govern the form and content of disclosure to consumers, advertising, sales practices and complaint handling. State and territory regulatory authorities enforce compliance through periodic market conduct examinations. 
 Guaranty Associations and Indemnity Funds. Most states and territories require insurance companies to support guaranty associations or indemnity funds, which are established to pay claims on behalf of insolvent insurance companies. These associations may levy assessments on member insurers. In some states and territories, member insurers can recover a portion of these assessments through premium tax offsets and/or policyholder surcharges. 
 Insurance Regulatory Initiatives. The NAIC, state and territory regulators and professional organizations have considered and are considering various proposals that may alter or increase state and territory authority to regulate insurance companies and insurance holding companies. For example, at their Spring 2021 meeting, the NAIC adopted the NAIC Real Property Lender-Placed Insurance Model Act (the LPI Model Act ). The LPI Model Act governs the insurance that a mortgage servicer obtains when a borrower fails to obtain or maintain required insurance. In 2022, Rhode Island enacted legislation that mirrors the LPI Model Act. It is anticipated that several states will follow suit and introduce state-level legislation relating to lender-placed insurance during their 2023 legislative session. See Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth for a discussion of the risks related to such initiatives. 
 Federal Regulation 
 Although our business in the United States is primarily regulated by the states, federal initiatives often have an impact on our business in a variety of ways. Impacted areas include financial services regulation, privacy, tort reform legislation and taxation. In addition, various forms of direct and indirect federal regulation of insurance have been proposed from time to time, 
 15 

including proposals for the establishment of an optional federal charter for insurance companies. See Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions. 
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act. We are subject to regulation under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ). ERISA places certain requirements on how we may administer employee benefit plans covered by ERISA. Among other things, regulations under ERISA set standards for certain notice and disclosure requirements and for claim processing and appeals. 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Certain of our activities are subject to the privacy requirements of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which, along with regulations adopted thereunder, generally requires insurers to provide customers with notice regarding how their nonpublic personal financial information is used and the opportunity to opt out of certain disclosures, if applicable. 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act . Regulations under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act address mortgage servicers obligations to correct errors asserted by mortgage loan borrowers; provide certain information requested by such borrowers; and provide protections to such borrowers in connection with Lender-placed Insurance. These requirements affect our operations because, in many instances, we administer such operations on behalf of our mortgage servicer clients. While the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB does not have direct jurisdiction over insurance products, it is possible that additional regulations promulgated by the CFPB may extend its authority more broadly to cover these products and thereby affect us or our clients. 
 Tax Reform . On December 22, 2017, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA ), which significantly amended the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, was enacted. Of particular interest to the Company was the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 . In 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA introduced a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax for corporations that report an average annual adjusted income of more than 1 billion for a period of three consecutive years and a 1 excise tax on corporate share repurchases, among other things. The overall impact of the IRA is uncertain due to the ambiguities in the application of certain provisions, the impact of future guidance, interpretations or rules issued by government agencies and potential court decisions interpreting the legislation. See Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Changes in tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 International Regulation 
 We are subject to regulation and supervision of our international operations in various jurisdictions. These regulations, which vary depending on the jurisdiction, include, among others, anti-corruption laws; solvency and market conduct regulations; various privacy, insurance, tax, tariff and trade laws and regulations; and corporate, employment, intellectual property and investment laws and regulations. We operate in various jurisdictions, including Canada, the U.K., France, Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Chile, Peru, Colombia, Germany, India, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Spain, Italy, Mexico, Japan, South Korea, China and Singapore, and, in several of these jurisdictions, our businesses are supervised by local regulatory authorities. 
 In the past few years, the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (the IAIS developed a model common framework for the supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups IAIGs ), which includes group-wide supervisory oversight across national boundaries and the establishment of ongoing supervisory colleges ComFrame ). ComFrame applies to entities that meet the IAIS s criteria for IAIGs and that are so designated by their group-wide supervisor. The NAIC previously adopted changes to the Model Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act to allow state insurance regulators in the U.S. to be designated as group-wide supervisors for U.S.-based IAIGs. While we do not currently meet the criteria for IAIG designation, we are monitoring developments of reforms adopted by the IAIS as they influence NAIC activities, including those related to risk and group capital oversight. 
 Securities and Corporate Governance Regulation 
 As a company with publicly-traded securities, we are subject to certain legal and regulatory requirements applicable generally to public companies, including the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE relating to public reporting and disclosure, accounting and financial reporting, corporate governance and other matters. Additionally, we and our subsidiaries are subject to the corporate governance laws of our respective jurisdictions of incorporation or formation. 
 Consumer Protection Laws 
 Numerous federal, state and international consumer protection laws affect the Company. For example, as part of the Dodd-Frank Act, Congress established the CFPB to supervise and regulate institutions that provide certain financial products and services to consumers. Although the consumer financial services subject to the CFPB s jurisdiction generally exclude insurance businesses, the CFPB may take the position that it has the authority to regulate certain non-insurance consumer 
 16 

services we provide. In addition, new or amended international regulations relating to fair value and fair treatment relating to products and services for consumers are being further considered or proposed, depending on the jurisdiction. 
 Anti-Corruption Regulation 
 We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption laws. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA regulates U.S. companies in their dealings with foreign officials and prohibits bribes and similar practices. In addition, the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act has wide applicability to certain activities that affect U.K. companies, their commercial activities in the U.K., and potentially that of their affiliates located outside of the U.K. Anti-bribery and corruption laws and regulations continue to be implemented and/or enhanced across most of the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 Cybersecurity and Privacy Regulation 
 We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. These laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. For example, the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, greatly increased the jurisdictional reach of the European Commission s laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, such as the public disclosure of significant data breaches, privacy impact assessments, data portability and the appointment of data protection officers. Since the enactment of GDPR, other countries where we conduct business have or are in the process of enacting stricter data protections laws that model GDPR, including Brazil, China, Japan and India. 
 At the state level, the NAIC Insurance Data Security Model Law has been enacted in multiple states, imposing an array of detailed security measures, reporting and attestation requirements on insurance companies. With respect to privacy rights, five states (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia) have enacted comprehensive privacy laws that further increase privacy rights in a manner similar to the GDPR. The accelerated rate of adoption of privacy legislation by states poses challenges for businesses as implementation and compliance may necessitate modifications to businesses processes, technological infrastructure, security measures and customer-facing websites. 
 Cybersecurity risks and incidents remain a focus for regulators. In March 2022, the SEC proposed rules to enhance disclosures regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy, governance and incident reporting by public companies; and in November 2022, the New York Department of Financial Services proposed amendments to require substantial updates to companies cybersecurity compliance programs. 
 Environmental Regulation 
 Because we own and operate real property, we are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws. Potential environmental liabilities and costs in connection with any required remediation of such properties is an inherent risk in property ownership and operation. Additionally, under the laws of several states, contamination of a property may give rise to a lien on the property to secure recovery of the costs of the cleanup, which could have priority over the lien of an existing mortgage against the property. To the extent we hold a mortgage loan on any property subject to such a lien, our ability to foreclose on that property should the related loan be in default would be impaired. Further, under certain circumstances, we may be liable for the costs of addressing releases or threatened releases of hazardous substances at properties securing mortgage loans held by us. 
 Other Regulation 
 As we continue to grow and evolve our business mix to cover other non-insurance-based products and services, we have and will continue to become subject to other legal and regulatory requirements, including regulations of the CFPB and other federal, state and municipal regulatory bodies, as well as additional regulatory bodies in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Examples include U.S. and local customs and trade regulations for the movement of mobile devices across geographic borders; health, safety, labor and environmental regulations, including those impacting our mobile supply chain operations; U.S. and international laws and regulations broadly relating to the performance, transparency and reporting of environmental, social and governance matters, including the SEC s proposed rules to enhance climate-related disclosures, including greenhouse gas emissions, governance of climate-related risks and climate-related financial statement metrics; and antitrust and competition-related laws and regulations that may impact future transactions or business practices. 

Global Risk Management 
 Governance 
 We employ a risk governance structure, overseen by our Board and senior management and coordinated by the Global Risk Management function, to provide a common framework for evaluating the risks embedded in and across our businesses and functional areas, developing risk appetites, managing these risks, and identifying current and future risk challenges and opportunities. 
 17 

Global risk management is the responsibility of the Chief Strategy and Risk Officer, who leads the Global Risk Management function and reports directly to the Chief Executive Officer and reports at least quarterly to the Finance and Risk Committee of the Board and to the Board; and the Global Head of Risk, who reports directly to the Chief Strategy and Risk Officer. Our Enterprise Risk Management Policy, which outlines our risk management framework and establishes principles for its effectiveness, has been approved by the Enterprise Risk Committee and the Board, and is reviewed annually to align with the Company s business operations and strategy as well as changes to applicable laws, regulations and industry standards. 
 Our risk management framework cascades downwards into the enterprise through various management committees. Our risk governance structure is headed by the management-level Enterprise Risk Committee, comprised of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Strategy and Risk Officer, the Chief Legal Officer, the Treasurer, Chief Internal Auditor, Global Ethics and Compliance Officer, and other members of the risk leadership team. The Enterprise Risk Committee reviews the most significant risks, the alignment to the risk appetite of the Company, and the mitigation and remediation plans that correspond to these risks. 
 Board of Directors and Committee Oversight 
 The Board, directly and through its committees as described below and in their charters, oversees our risk management policies and practices, including our risk appetite, and discusses risk-related issues at least quarterly. The Board reviews management s assessment of the Company s key enterprise risks and receives a risk management update from the Chief Strategy and Risk Officer annually and management s strategy with respect to each risk. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee coordinates Board and committee oversight of the key risks. The Board and its committees receive updates from management on specific risks throughout the year, and each committee chair reports significant risk updates at least quarterly to the full Board so that the Board has the benefit of the committee s specific areas of risk oversight. 
 The Audit Committee reviews the Company s policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management and coordinates with the Finance and Risk Committee with respect to Board oversight of risk management and global risk management activities. The Audit Committee also focuses on risks relating to financial statements, internal control over financial reporting, disclosures (including disclosure of the Company s material risks within this Report), and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The Audit Committee receives reports at least quarterly from the Chief Internal Auditor and the Global Ethics and Compliance Officer. The Finance and Risk Committee has primary oversight responsibility of the Global Risk Management function and corresponding risk activities, and receives risk management updates at least quarterly from the Chief Strategy and Risk Officer and the Global Head of Risk that include the identification, assessment, reporting and mitigation of existing and emerging key enterprise risks. The Finance and Risk Committee also focuses on risks relating to investments, capital management and catastrophe reinsurance. The Compensation Committee focuses on risks relating to executive retention and compensation plan design, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee focuses on risks relating to director and management succession. The Information Technology Committee is responsible for oversight of information technology risk assessment and risk management. This includes oversight of cybersecurity policies, controls and procedures, such as procedures to identify and assess internal and external cybersecurity risks. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Board and each committee has the authority to retain external advisors. 
 Management Oversight 
 Global Risk Management is headed by our Global Head of Risk. Global Risk Management develops risk assessment and risk management policies, and facilitates the identification and assessment, monitoring and reporting, and mitigation of risks. 
 The Company uses the three lines of defense operating model to provide structure around risk management and internal controls. The first line of defense is comprised of the business and functional areas that are responsible for the day-to-day management of Company s business operations and related risks. The second line of defense provides independent oversight of risk-taking activities in the first line and is comprised of the Company s Global Risk Management function and other enterprise staff control functions. The second line of defense assists in determining the risk appetite, strategies, policies and structure for managing risk, including business resiliency and operational risk. The third line of defense is comprised of the Internal Audit function and is independently governed by the Audit Committee. Internal Audit evaluates the adequacy of compliance with policies, procedures and processes established in the first and second lines, and assesses the design and ongoing effectiveness of risk management and the risk management framework. 
 Risk Appetite, Identification and Assessment, Monitoring and Reporting, and Mitigation 
 Risk appetite is defined as the levels, types and amount of risk that the Company is willing to accept to in the pursuit of its business and strategic objectives, consistent with prudent management of risk concomitant with available levels of capital. Global Risk Management, in conjunction with various management committees, develops recommendations for risk limits as part of our risk appetite framework. Using metrics as appropriate in establishing these risk limits allows for a cohesive 
 18 

assessment of risk, resources and strategy, and supports management and the Board in making well-informed business decisions. 
 Risk identification and assessment, which involve the identification of risks, information gathering and analyses, are performed by Global Risk Management and conducted in coordination with the second and third lines of defense. Global Risk Management measures risk exposure, and monitors and manages internal and external risk reporting using a central risk depository as the single source for risk information. The register collects information obtained from the processes described above and other sources and is periodically reviewed and approved by the Enterprise Risk Committee. Risks are classified using an enterprise-wide risk taxonomy. Risk mitigation includes determining a course of action and monitoring progress against remediation. 

Available Information 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as well as the Statements of Beneficial Ownership of Securities on Forms 3, 4 and 5 for our directors and officers, are available free of charge through the SEC website at www.sec.gov . We make our periodic reports and other information filed with or furnished to the SEC available, free of charge, through the Investor Relations page of our website www.assurant.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 
 We use our website www.assurant.com and social media accounts, including Twitter @Assurant ), LinkedIn @Assurant and Facebook @AssurantInc ), as a means of disclosing information about us and our services and for complying with our disclosure obligations under the SEC s Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure). The information we post on our website and social media accounts may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor our website and social media accounts in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. Except as specifically noted, the information found on our website and social media accounts are not incorporated by reference into, and do not constitute a part of, this Report or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. You should carefully consider them, along with the other information presented in this Report. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The following is a summary of the material risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Business, Strategic and Operational Risks 
 Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues. 
 Significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The success of our business depends on the execution of our strategy, including through the continuing service of key executives, senior leaders, highly-skilled personnel and a high-performing workforce. 
 We may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, integrate acquired businesses or divest of non-strategic businesses effectively or identify new areas for organic growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a business continuity event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure to successfully manage vendors and other third parties could adversely affect our business. 
 We face risks associated with our international operations. 
 Our mobile business is subject to the risk of declines in the value and availability of mobile devices in our inventory, and to export compliance and other risks. 
 Sales of our products and services may decline if we are unable to develop and maintain distribution sources or attract and retain sales representatives and executives with key client relationships. 
 19 

We face risks associated with joint ventures, franchises and investments in which we share ownership or management with third parties. 
 Catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses, including as a result of climate change and the current inflationary environment, could materially reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Negative publicity relating to our business, industry or clients may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Macroeconomic, Political and Global Market Risks 
 General economic, financial market and political conditions and conditions in the markets in which we operate may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital. 
 We may be unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, which could reduce our profitability. 
 A decline in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 A credit rating agency downgrade of our corporate senior debt rating could materially and adversely impact on our business. 
 Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar and other foreign currencies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 An impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations and book value. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 Unfavorable conditions in the capital and credit markets may significantly and adversely affect our access to capital and our ability to pay our debts or expenses. 
 Our investment portfolio is subject to market risk, including changes in interest rates, that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our investment portfolio is subject to credit, liquidity and other risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The value of our deferred tax assets could become impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Reinsurance may not be adequate or available to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers. 
 Through reinsurance, we have sold or exited businesses that could again become our direct financial and administrative responsibility if the reinsurers become insolvent. 
 Due to the structure of our commission program, we are exposed to risks related to the creditworthiness and reporting systems of some of our agents, third-party administrators and clients. 
 Our subsidiaries inability to pay us sufficient dividends could prevent us from meeting our obligations and paying future stockholder dividends. 
 Our ability to declare and pay dividends on our capital stock may be limited. 
 Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management. 
 Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks 
 The failure to effectively maintain and modernize our information technology systems and infrastructure and integrate those of acquired businesses could adversely affect our business. 
 We could incur significant liability if our information technology systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 20 

The costs of complying with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and reputation. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which increase our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business, and violations or alleged violations of such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions. 
 Our business is subject to risks related to reductions in the insurance premium rates we charge. 
 Changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our common stock may be subject to stock price and trading volume volatility. 
 Employee misconduct could harm us by subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. 
 Applicable laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. 
 For a more complete discussion of these risks, please see below. 
 Business, Strategic and Operational Risks 
 Our revenues and profits may decline if we are unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties, or renew contracts with them on favorable terms, or if those parties face financial, reputational or regulatory issues . 
 The success of our business depends largely on our relationships and contractual arrangements with significant clients, distributors and other parties, including vendors. Many of these arrangements are exclusive and some rely on preferred provider or similar relationships. If our key clients, distributors or other parties terminate important business arrangements with us, or renew contracts on terms less favorable to us, we may fail to meet our business objectives and targets, and our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Each of our Global Lifestyle and Global Housing segments receives a substantial portion of its revenue from a few clients. A reduction in business with or the loss of one or more of our significant clients could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and cash flows of individual segments or the Company. Reliance on a few significant clients may weaken our bargaining power, and we may be unable to renew contracts with them without concessions (including up-front payments) or on favorable terms or at all. Examples of important business arrangements include, at Global Lifestyle, exclusive and non-exclusive relationships with mobile device carriers, retailers, dealerships and agents, MSOs, OEMs, consumer electronics retailers, appliance retailers (including e-commerce retailers), and financial, insurance and other institutions through which we distribute our products and services. At Global Housing, we have exclusive and non-exclusive relationships with mortgage lenders and servicers, manufactured housing lenders, property managers, and financial, insurance and other institutions. 
 We are subject to the risk that clients, distributors and other parties may face financial difficulties (including as a result of macroeconomic challenges), reputational issues, problems with respect to their own products and services, or regulatory restrictions or compliance issues that may lead to lower than expected or cessation of sales of our products and services and have other adverse impacts on our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, our clients and other parties with whom we do business may change their strategic priorities or initiatives, including exiting or deprioritizing products, services, programs, distribution channels or lines of business that we service or support, or they may disintermediate us by developing internal capabilities, products or services that would allow them to service their clients without our involvement, which could materially reduce our revenues and profits. Furthermore, if one or more of our clients or distributors, for example in the wireless, automotive or mortgage servicing markets, consolidate or align themselves with other companies with whom we do not do business, they may choose to utilize or distribute the products and services of our competitors, which could materially reduce our revenues and profits. 
 Significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations . 
 We compete for business, customers, agents and other distribution relationships with many insurance companies, financial services companies, mobile device repair and logistics companies, technology and software companies and specialized 
 21 

competitors that focus on one market, product or service. Some of our competitors may offer a broader array of products and services than we do or be better able to tailor those products and services to customer needs, including through better technology systems or infrastructure, or may have greater diversity of distribution resources, better brand recognition, more competitive pricing, lower costs, greater financial strength, more resources or higher ratings. 
 There is a risk that purchasers may be able to obtain more favorable terms and offerings from competitors, vendors or other third parties, including pricing and technology. Additionally, customers may turn to our competitors as a result of our or our client s failure, or perceived failure, to deliver on customer expectations, product or service flaws, technology issues, gaps in operational support or other issues affecting customer experience. As a result, competition may adversely affect the persistency of our policies, our ability to sell products and provide services, maintain client relationships, and our revenues and results of operations. 
 To remain competitive in many of our businesses, we must anticipate and respond effectively to changes in customer preferences, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, and disruptive technology developments and alternate business models. The evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences and improvements in technology could result in a reduction in consumer demand and in the prices of the products and services we offer. In addition, across many of our businesses, we must respond to the threat of disruption by traditional players, such as insurers, as well as from new entrants, such as Insurtech start-up companies and others. These players are focused on using technology and innovation to simplify and improve the customer experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the markets in which we operate. In order to maintain a competitive position, we must continue to invest in new technologies and new ways to deliver our products and services. If we do not anticipate and respond to customer preferences and disruptive changes, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 The success of our business depends on the execution of our strategy, including through the continuing service of key executives, senior leaders, highly-skilled personnel and a high-performing workforce . 
 Our strategy is focused on delivering long-term profitable growth. As part of our strategy, we are developing new and innovative products and services, and enhancing existing offerings. We are investing in technology and other capabilities to continuously improve the customer experience, while seeking to increase efficiencies. We will continue to incur expenses related to, among other things: investments in digital capabilities and large-scale, critical programs, such as information technology and global financial systems and infrastructure; research and development of new products and capabilities; scaling our global operations, including accessing the global labor market; and costs associated with the implementation of new contracts and businesses in runoff, including sharing economy and small commercial, and improvements in operational efficiency. In December 2022, we announced restructuring initiatives that include realigning our organizational structure and talent to support our business strategy, which has resulted in severance and employee benefits charges, and accelerating ongoing real estate consolidation efforts to support work-from-home arrangements. Actual costs to implement these initiatives may exceed our estimates and we may not be able to fully realize our expected run rate savings and operational efficiency improvements. Our long-term strategy depends on successful operational execution and our ability to execute on our transformational initiatives, including acquisitions, combined with our ability to innovate and develop new products, achieve operating efficiencies and attract and retain a global and diverse workforce. See We may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, integrate acquired businesses or divest of non-strategic businesses effectively or identify new areas for organic growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 We rely on the continued service of key executives, senior leaders, highly-skilled personnel and a high-performing workforce to achieve our long-term strategy. We believe that our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to attract, recruit, motivate, develop and retain a high-performing workforce, particularly those with specialized industry knowledge or within critical or in-demand areas such as sales, digital, customer experience, data and analytics, and supply chain, across our lines of businesses. Doing so may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions; employee expectations; the effectiveness of our talent strategies and total rewards and wellbeing programs, including compensation; and fluctuations in the labor market, including rising wages and competition for talent, which has increased due to persistent labor shortages and wage inflation. In addition, the global talent market and shift to remote or hybrid work arrangements at many companies, including us, have significantly increased competition for highly-skilled personnel, who are no longer limited to opportunities within a particular geographic area. A lack of employee engagement, including as a result of working remotely, may reduce efficiency and productivity; increase turnover, burnout and absenteeism; cause product development delays and hamper new product innovation; and otherwise adversely affect our business and impede the achievement of our strategy. We rely on attracting and retaining talent, including at the executive level, with diverse backgrounds and experiences to effectively oversee our businesses and our long-term strategy. If we do not succeed in attracting, retaining and motivating key personnel, including diverse personnel, our revenue growth and profitability may be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for and successfully carry out the succession of our key executives and senior leaders. 
 22 

We may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, integrate acquired businesses or divest of non-strategic businesses effectively or identify new areas for organic growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or new venture opportunities, or to finance or complete transactions on acceptable terms. Additionally, the integration of acquired businesses and divestiture of non-strategic businesses may result in significant challenges and additional costs, and we may be unable to accomplish such transactions smoothly or successfully. 
 Acquisitions and divestitures of non-strategic businesses may not provide us with the benefits that we anticipate, require significant effort and expenditures, and entail numerous risks, difficulties and uncertainties. These include, among others, diversion of management s attention and resources to the integration of operations and infrastructure, which could otherwise have been devoted to other strategic opportunities; inaccurate assessment of risks and liabilities; difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies, synergies and cost savings, including the incurrence of unexpected integration or divestiture costs; difficulties in keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers; exposure to jurisdictions or businesses with heightened legal and regulatory risks, including corruption, which may increase compliance costs; difficulties in integrating operations and systems, including cybersecurity and other technology systems, and internal control over financial reporting; difficulties in assimilating employees and corporate cultures; failure to achieve anticipated revenues, earnings, cash flows, business opportunities and growth prospects; an increase in our indebtedness or future borrowing costs; and limitations on our ability to access additional capital when needed. Our failure to adequately address these and other transaction risks, difficulties and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The market price of our stock may decline if we are unable to integrate acquired businesses or divest of non-strategic businesses successfully, if the integration or divestiture takes longer than expected or fails to achieve financial benefits to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors, or if the effect of the business combination on the financial results of the combined company or the divestiture on the financial results of the standalone company is otherwise not consistent with the expectations of financial analysts or investors. 
 Our ability to effectively identify and capitalize on opportunities for organic growth depends on, among other things, our ability to: deliver on customer expectations and provide a positive customer experience; successfully execute large-scale, critical programs and projects in a timely and cost-effective manner; identify and successfully enter and market our services in new geographic markets and market segments; recruit and retain qualified personnel; coordinate our efforts across various geographic markets and market segments; maintain and grow relationships with our existing customers and expand our customer base; offer new products and services; form strategic alliances and partnerships; secure key vendor and distributor relationships; and access sufficient capital. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in executing on our organic growth initiatives or that those initiatives will provide us with the expected benefits. Our failure to effectively identify and capitalize on opportunities for organic growth could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. See The success of our business depends on the execution of our strategy, including through the continuing service of key executives, senior leaders, highly-skilled personnel and a high-performing workforce. 
 Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a business continuity event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we experience a business continuity event, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, security breach, cyber attack, power loss, telecommunications outage or other systems failure, or other disaster, our ability to continue operations will depend on an effective business continuity and disaster recovery plan, including the safety and continued availability of our personnel, vendors and other third parties and facilities, and the proper functioning of our telecommunications and other systems and operations. An extended period of such conditions may strain our business continuity and disaster recovery plan, introduce additional operational risk, including cybersecurity and fraud risks, and negatively impact employee morale, and our inability to successfully recover from a business continuity event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have from time to time experienced business continuity events, including events that impacted the availability of our systems and the COVID-19 pandemic that impacted various aspects of our operations such as the safety and continued availability of our personnel. See Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks The failure to effectively maintain and modernize our information technology systems and infrastructure and integrate those of acquired businesses could adversely affect our business . 
 Our operations depend upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage and interruption. If a business continuity event occurs, we could lose Company, customer, vendor and other third-party data, lose significant processing capability or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of products and services to our clients and their customers, which has occurred from time to time and which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A cyber attack or other business continuity event affecting us or key third parties with whom we work could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems 
 23 

or operations, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. An extended outage could result in the loss of income and clients, negative publicity and reputational damage, substantial volatility in our financial results and a decline in our revenues. See Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks We could incur significant liability if our information technology systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations . 
 The risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas across the world, including the cities in which our device care centers, data centers and operations personnel are located; major metropolitan centers, such as Atlanta, where our headquarters is located; and certain catastrophe-prone areas, such as Miami, Florida, where we have significant operations. This risk is heightened in certain countries and regions in which we operate that are subject to higher potential threat of terrorist attacks, military conflicts, political instability and data breaches. 
 A disaster or other business continuity event on a significant scale or affecting our key businesses or our data centers, or our inability to successfully and quickly recover from such an event and any legislative and regulatory responses thereto, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, loss of customers or damaged customer relationships, legal liability and other adverse consequences. Our liability insurance policies may not fully cover, in type or amount, the cost of a successful recovery in the event of such a disruption. 
 Failure to successfully manage vendors and other third parties could adversely affect our business. 
 As we continue to improve operating efficiencies, we rely on vendors and other third parties, including independent contractors, to conduct business and provide services to our clients. For example, we use vendors and other third parties for business, investment management, information technology, operations, facilities management and other services. We take steps to monitor and regulate the performance of vendors and other third parties, including in our agreements with such parties, but our oversight controls could prove inadequate. Since we do not fully control the actions of vendors and other third parties, we are subject to the risk that their decisions or operations adversely impact us and replacing them could create significant delay and expense. If these vendors or other third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements in a high-quality and timely manner, our operations and reputation could be compromised, we may not realize the anticipated economic and other benefits from these arrangements, and we could suffer adverse legal, regulatory and financial consequences. In addition, these third parties face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee or Company information or failure to comply with applicable law, could cause harm to our reputation or otherwise expose us to liability. An interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties or for any other reason could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services and result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims from clients or employees, damage to our reputation and harm to our business. If we are unable to attract and retain relationships with qualified vendors, independent contractors and other third-party service providers, or if changes in law or judicial decisions require independent contractors to be classified as employees, our business could be significantly adversely affected. 
 To the extent we engage international vendors or third parties to provide services or carry out business functions, we are exposed to the risks that accompany operations in a foreign jurisdiction, including international economic and political conditions, foreign laws and regulations, fluctuations in currency values and, potentially, increased risk of data breaches. For more information on the risks associated with the use of international vendors and third parties, see We face risks associated with our international operations. 
 We face risks associated with our international operations. 
 Our international operations face economic, political, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational, supply chain and other risks. For example, we face the risk of restrictions on currency conversion and the repatriation of non-U.S. investments and earnings; burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations and the associated risk and costs of non-compliance; exposure to undeveloped or evolving legal systems, which may result in unpredictable or inconsistent application of laws and regulations; exposure to commercial, political, legal or regulatory corruption; political, economic or other instability in countries in which we conduct business, including possible terrorist acts; the imposition of sanctions, tariffs, trade barriers or other protectionist laws or business practices that favor local competition, increase costs and may otherwise adversely affect our business; inflation and foreign exchange rate fluctuations; diminished ability to enforce our contractual rights; potential increased risk of data breaches; differences in cultural environments; changes in regulatory requirements, including changes in regulatory treatment of certain products or services; exposure to local economic conditions and its impact on our clients performance and creditworthiness; and a competitive global labor market. 
 If our business model is not successful in a particular country or region, or a country or region in which we do business experiences economic, political or other instability, we may lose all or part of our investment in that country or region. As we 
 24 

continue to scale our global operations, our business becomes increasingly exposed to these and other risks, in particular where certain countries or regions have recently experienced economic or political instability, such as in Argentina and Brazil. 
 As we engage with international clients, we may make certain up-front commission payments or similar cash outlays, which we may not recover if the business does not develop as we expect. These up-front payments are typically supported by various protections, such as letters of credit, letters of guarantee and real estate, but we may not fully or timely recover amounts owed to us as a result of difficulties in enforcing contracts or judgments in undeveloped or evolving legal systems and other factors. In addition, we rely on fronting carriers in certain countries to maintain their licenses and product approvals, satisfy local regulatory requirements and continue in business. If they fail to do so, our business, reputation, and relationships with our clients and their customers could be adversely affected. 
 For additional information on the significant international regulations that apply to us, including data protection regulations, and the risks relating thereto, see Item 1 Business Regulation International Regulation in this Report, Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which increase our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business, and violations or alleged violations of such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, Legal and Regulatory Risks Our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions and Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks The costs of complying with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and reputation. 
 Our mobile business is subject to the risk of declines in the value and availability of mobile devices in our inventory, and to export compliance and other risks . 
 The value of the mobile devices that we collect and refurbish for our clients may fall below the prices we have paid or guaranteed, which could adversely affect our profitability. In our mobile business, we carry inventory to meet the delivery requirements of certain clients. These devices are ultimately disposed of through sales to third parties. In addition, our inventory includes devices and parts on consignment with our nationwide network of nearly 500 Cell Phone Repair locations for in-store repairs. Our mobile business is subject to the risk that the value, including selling price, or availability of devices and parts will be adversely affected by: technological changes affecting the usefulness or desirability of the devices and parts; physical problems resulting from faulty design or manufacturing; increased competition; decreased customer demand, including due to changes in customer preferences, changes in client promotions and seasonality; supply chain constraints; and growing industry emphasis on cost containment. The value and availability of devices may also be impacted by adverse foreign trade relationships and an escalation of U.S.-China and China-Taiwan trade tensions, including with respect to trade policies, treaties, government relations, tariffs and other trade restrictions. If the value or availability of devices or parts is significantly reduced, it could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 
 Our sales of mobile devices to third parties domiciled outside of the U.S. subject us to compliance risks relating to export control laws and regulations, which may adversely impact our ability to find buyers. Furthermore, certain businesses we acquire may violate, and from time to time have violated, such laws and regulations, which could subject us to liability. Non-compliance with such laws could adversely affect our business, reputation, relationships with our clients and their customers, financial condition and results of operations. See We face risks associated with our international operations and Significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Sales of our products and services may decline if we are unable to develop and maintain distribution sources or attract and retain sales representatives and executives with key client relationships. 
 We distribute many of our insurance products and services through a variety of distribution channels, including mobile carriers, financial institutions, mortgage lenders and servicers, retailers, association groups, other third-party marketing organizations and, to a limited extent, our own captives and affiliated agents. Our relationships with these distributors are significant for our revenues and profits. There is intense competition for distribution outlets. Agents who distribute our products are typically not exclusively dedicated to us, but also market the products of our competitors. In some cases, such agents may be affiliated with other insurers who may choose to write the product that such agents are now selling on our behalf. 
 We have our own sales representatives. We depend in large part on our sales representatives and segment executives to develop and maintain client relationships. Our inability to attract and retain effective sales representatives and executives with key client relationships could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We face risks associated with joint ventures, franchises and investments in which we share ownership or management with third parties. 
 From time to time, we have and may continue to enter into joint ventures and franchises and invest in entities in which we share ownership or management with third parties. In certain circumstances, we may not have complete control over governance, financial reporting, operations, legal and regulatory compliance or other matters relating to such joint ventures, 
 25 

franchises or entities. As a result, we may face certain operating, financial, legal and regulatory compliance and other risks relating to these joint ventures, franchises and entities, including risks related to the financial strength of joint venture partners, franchisees and other investors; the willingness of joint venture partners, franchisees and other investors to provide adequate funding for the joint venture, franchise or entity; differing goals, strategies, priorities or objectives between us and joint venture partners, franchisees or other investors; our inability to unilaterally implement actions, policies or procedures with respect to the joint venture, franchise or entity that we believe are favorable; legal and regulatory compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture, franchise, entity, joint venture partners, franchisees or other investors; the risk that the actions of joint venture partners, franchisees and other investors could damage our brand image and reputation; and the risk that we will be unable to resolve disputes with joint venture partners, franchisees or other investors. As a result, joint ventures, franchises and investments in which we share ownership or management subject us to risk and may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows. 
 Catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses, including as a result of climate change and the current inflationary environment, could materially reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition . 
 Our insurance operations expose us to claims arising from catastrophes and non-catastrophes, particularly in our homeowners insurance, renters insurance and flood offerings, as well as in certain businesses the Company is exiting, including the sharing economy and commercial liability businesses. Catastrophes include hurricanes, windstorms, tornados, earthquakes, hailstorms, floods, severe winter weather, wildfires, epidemics and pandemics, terrorist attacks and accidents, and may result in reportable catastrophe losses, which are individual catastrophe events that generate losses in excess of 5.0 million, pre-tax and net of reinsurance. Non-catastrophe losses include losses from isolated fire, water and wind damage, theft and vandalism, as well as general liability in renters and homeowners policies, and losses from the sharing economy and small commercial businesses. Losses are impacted by increases in inflation and supply chain disruptions that increase the cost of materials and labor required to settle claims. In addition, non-catastrophe losses related to the sharing economy and small commercial businesses in particular have been, and may continue to be, impacted by increased claim settlement and loss adjustment expenses. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses that materially reduce our profitability and impact our available capital, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changing weather patterns and climate change have increased the unpredictability, frequency and severity of weather-related events, such as wildfires, hurricanes, floods and tornadoes, particularly in coastal areas, and may result in increased claims and higher catastrophe losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Regulation in the area of climate change is increasing and we cannot predict how legal, regulatory, political and social responses to concerns around climate change may impact our business. While the frequency and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, increases in the value and geographic concentration of insured property and the effects of inflation have and may continue to increase the frequency and severity of claims from catastrophes. In addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and court decisions may have the effect of limiting the ability of insurers to manage catastrophe losses, including by forcing expansion of certain insurance coverages for catastrophe claims, which may adversely impact our business. See Macroeconomic, Political and Global Market Risks General economic, financial market and political conditions and conditions in the markets in which we operate may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses can vary widely and could significantly exceed our expectations. We use modeling tools that help estimate our probable losses, but these projections are based on historical data and other assumptions that may differ materially from actual events, and their reliability and predictive value may decrease as a result of climate change. These modeling tools may not be able to anticipate emerging trends or changing marketplace conditions. See Financial Risks Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management. 
 We purchase reinsurance for certain risks, but if the severity of an event were sufficiently high, our losses could exceed our reinsurance coverage limits and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, recent availability and cost of reinsurance have been adversely impacted by market conditions. See Financial Risks Reinsurance may not be adequate or available to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers. In addition, claims from catastrophe and non-catastrophe events could result in substantial volatility in our results of operations and financial condition for any particular fiscal quarter or year. 
 Accounting rules do not permit insurers to reserve for catastrophe or non-catastrophe events before they occur. Once such an event occurs, the establishment of appropriate reserves is an inherently uncertain and complex process. The ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded reserves and such variance may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and capital. See Financial Risks Our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for 
 26 

claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital. 
 Because Global Housing s lender-placed homeowners and lender-placed manufactured housing insurance products are designed to automatically provide property coverage for client portfolios, our exposure to certain catastrophe-prone locations, such as Florida, California, Texas, North Carolina and South Carolina, may increase. The withdrawal of other insurers from these or other states may lead to adverse selection and increased use of our products in these areas, and may negatively affect our loss experience and increase our costs. 
 Negative publicity relating to our business, industry or clients may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We communicate with and distribute our products and services ultimately to individual consumers. From time to time, regulators, consumer advocacy groups and the media may focus their attention on our products and services, which may subject us to negative publicity. We may be negatively affected if another company in one of our industries or in a related industry, or if one of our clients, engages in practices that subject our industry or businesses to negative publicity. Negative publicity may result from judicial inquiries, unfavorable outcomes in lawsuits, social media, regulatory or governmental actions with respect to our products or services and industry commercial practices. For example, we may be subject to regulatory queries to assess practices in the insurance sector that potentially disadvantage people of color or historically underrepresented groups in certain insurance lines of business, or whether consumers have received fair value from our products and services. In addition, there is increased investor and regulatory focus on sustainability matters, including diversity, equity and inclusion, and commitment to long-term sustainability and efforts related to climate. A failure or perceived failure in our achievement of various sustainability initiatives and goals we may from time to time announce, or an actual or perceived increase in related risks as a result of our or our industry s business activities, may subject us to negative publicity. 
 Negative publicity may cause increased regulation and legislative scrutiny of industry practices as well as increased litigation or enforcement action by civil and criminal authorities. Additionally, negative publicity may increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability by impeding our ability to market our products and services, constraining our ability to price our products appropriately for the risks we are assuming, requiring us to change the products and services we offer or increasing the regulatory burdens under which we operate. 
 Macroeconomic, Political and Global Market Risks 
 General economic, financial market and political conditions and conditions in the markets in which we operate may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Limited availability of credit, deteriorations of the global mortgage and real estate markets, declines in consumer confidence and consumer spending, including in Europe, increases in prices or in the rate of inflation, periods of high unemployment or labor shortages, persistently low or rapidly increasing interest rates, disruptive geopolitical events, including the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, China-Taiwan relations and supply chain disruptions, and other events outside of our control, such as a major epidemic or a pandemic, including the COVID-19 pandemic, political or civil unrest, or the possibility of a U.S. government default on its debt obligations, could contribute, and in some cases have contributed, to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the financial markets, including the market for our stock, and may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Specifically, during periods of economic downturn: 
 individuals and businesses may (i) choose not to purchase our insurance products, warranties and other products and services, (ii) terminate existing policies or contracts or permit them to lapse and (iii) choose to reduce the amount of coverage they purchase; 
 conditions in the markets in which we operate may deteriorate, impacting, among other things, consumer demand for the mobile devices, electronics, appliances, automobiles, housing and other products we insure, including the rate of introduction and success of new products, technologies and promotional programs that provide opportunities for growth; 
 clients are more likely to underperform expectations, experience financial distress and declare bankruptcy, which could have an adverse impact on the remittance of premiums from such clients and the collection of receivables from such clients for items such as unearned premiums and could otherwise expose us to credit risk; 
 claims on certain specialized insurance products tend to rise; 
 there is a risk of fraudulent insurance claims; 
 there may be an impairment in the value of our tangible and intangible assets and our investment portfolio may be adversely affected; 
 there may be fluctuations in the labor market and a negative impact on employee retention; 
 our ability to access the capital markets on favorable terms or at all may be negatively impacted; and 
 27 

there may be substantial decreases in loan availability and origination, which may reduce the demand for credit insurance that we write or debt cancellation or debt deferment products that we administer. 
 General inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions, including within the current environment, has and may continue to increase the costs of paying claims, including for materials and labor, particularly in our Global Housing segment. In addition, inflationary pressures and shortages in the labor market have increased, and may continue to increase, our labor costs, including employee wages, and rising interest rates in response to rising inflation has impacted, and may continue to impact, our investment portfolio and capital. See Financial Risks Our investment portfolio is subject to market risk, including changes in interest rates, that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Conversely, deflationary pressures may affect the pricing of our products and services. 
 Financial Risks 
 Our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital . 
 We maintain reserves to cover our estimated ultimate exposure for claims and claim adjustment expenses with respect to reported claims and incurred but not reported IBNR claims as of the end of each accounting period. Whether calculated under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), Statutory Accounting Principles or accounting principles applicable in foreign jurisdictions, reserves are estimates. Reserving is inherently a matter of judgment and our ultimate liabilities could exceed reserves for a variety of reasons, including changes in macroeconomic factors (such as inflation, unemployment and interest rates), case development and other factors. From time to time, we adjust our reserves, and may adjust our reserving methodology, as these factors, our claims experience and estimates of future trends in claims frequency and severity change. In 2022, we have had 77.4 million of unfavorable loss development from our sharing economy and small commercial products, two lines of business that we expect to fully exit. Reserve development, changes in our reserving methodology and paid losses exceeding corresponding reserves could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates Reserves in this Report for additional detail on our reserves. 
 We may be unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, which could reduce our profitability. 
 Our profitability could be reduced if we are unable to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, including the frequency and severity of property and other claims. This ability could be affected by various factors, including macroeconomic conditions, inflation, changes in the regulatory environment, changes in industry practices, changes in legal, social or environmental conditions, new technologies, or domestic and global supply chain and labor issues. In addition, modeling tools that support business decisions involve historical data and numerous assumptions that may differ materially from actual events. Climate change may make it more difficult to predict and model catastrophes, reducing our ability to accurately price our exposure to such events and mitigate risks. The inability to accurately predict and price for claims and other costs, including costs related to climate change and macroeconomic conditions, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. See Financial Risks Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management. 
 A decline in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition . 
 Ratings are important considerations in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. A.M. Best rates most of our domestic and significant international operating insurance subsidiaries. Moody s and S P rate three of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries. These ratings are subject to periodic review by A.M. Best, Moody s and S P, and we cannot assure that we will be able to retain them. Rating agencies may change their methodology or requirements for determining ratings, or they may become more conservative in assigning ratings. S P is expected to announce proposed changes to its rating methodologies for comment in first quarter 2023, the impact of which is uncertain at this time. Rating agencies could increase capital requirements for our subsidiaries or the enterprise, thereby reducing deployable capital at such subsidiary or at the holding company. Any reduction in these ratings could materially adversely affect our standing in the insurance industry and the demand for our products from intermediaries and consumers, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our operations had a significant number of contracts that contain provisions that require the applicable subsidiaries to maintain minimum financial strength ratings, typically from A.M. Best, ranging from A or better to B+ or better, depending on the contract. Our clients may terminate these contracts or fail to renew them if the subsidiaries ratings fall below these minimums. Termination of or failure to renew these agreements could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 28 

A credit rating agency downgrade of our corporate senior debt rating could materially and adversely impact on our business. 
 Currently, Assurant, Inc. s senior debt is rated BBB by S P and Baa2 by Moody s, and both ratings carry a stable outlook. 
 If our senior debt credit ratings were downgraded, particularly if downgraded below investment grade, our business, financial condition and results of operations, and perceptions of our financial strength, could be materially and adversely affected. A downgrade could adversely affect our liquidity and ability to access liquidity quickly, increase our borrowing costs, decrease demand for our debt securities, and increase the expense and difficulty of financing our operations, including temporary financing for subsidiaries necessary to address any immediate liquidity concerns, or refinancing our existing indebtedness on similar or more favorable terms. For example, the interest rate payable on certain series of our senior notes is subject to increase if either of S P or Moody s downgrades the credit rating assigned to such series of senior notes to BB+ or below or to Ba1 or below, respectively. Additionally, we could be subject to more restrictive financial and operational covenants in any indebtedness we issue in the future, which could reduce our operational flexibility. There can be no assurance that our credit ratings will not be downgraded. See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for additional information on our senior notes and the impact of rating changes. 
 Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar and other foreign currencies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations . 
 While most of our costs and revenues are in U.S. Dollars, some are in other currencies. Because our financial results in certain countries are translated from local currency into U.S. Dollars upon consolidation, our results of operations, including period-over-period comparisons, have been and may continue to be affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. To a large extent, we do not currently hedge foreign currency risk. If the U.S. Dollar weakens against a local currency, the translation of our foreign-currency-denominated balances will result in increased net assets, net revenue, operating expenses and net income. Similarly, our net assets, net revenue, operating expenses and net income will decrease if the U.S. Dollar strengthens against a local currency. In 2022, we reported a 13.4 million unfavorable impact to net income due to foreign exchange-related losses. These fluctuations in currency exchange rates may result in losses that materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Additionally, we may incur foreign exchange losses in connection with the designation of the U.S. Dollar as the functional currency of our international subsidiaries. For example, management has classified Argentina s economy as highly inflationary in accordance with GAAP accounting requirements and, as a result, the functional currency of our Argentina subsidiaries was changed from the local currency to U.S. Dollars and their non-U.S. Dollar denominated monetary assets and liabilities were subject to remeasurement resulting in losses. We could incur additional losses, which would adversely affect our results of operations. For additional information on the change in functional currency for our Argentina subsidiaries and the effect thereof, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 An impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets could materially adversely affect our results of operations and book value. 
 As a result of acquisitions, we have added a considerable amount of goodwill and other intangible assets to our balance sheet. Goodwill represented 62 of our total equity as of December 31, 2022. We review our goodwill annually in the fourth quarter for impairment or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. Such circumstances include a significant adverse change in legal factors, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, loss of key personnel or a significant decline in our expected future cash flows due to changes in company-specific factors or the broader business climate. In addition, other intangible assets collectively represented 15 of our total equity as of December 31, 2022. Estimated useful lives of finite intangible assets are reassessed on an annual basis. Generally, other intangible assets with finite lives are only tested for impairment if there are indicators of impairment identified, including a significant adverse change in the extent, manner or length of time in which the other intangible asset is being used or a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the other intangible asset. 
 An impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, or significant reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and book value. For more information on our annual goodwill impairment testing, the goodwill of our segments and related reporting units and intangible asset impairment testing, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates Valuation and Recoverability of Goodwill and Notes 2 and 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. While management has certified that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, because internal control over financial reporting is complex, there can be no assurance that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective 
 29 

in the future. We rely on manual processes and procedures that subject us to increased risk of error and internal control failure compared to automated processes. In second quarter 2022, we identified and disclosed certain accounting errors. Although we are in the process of implementing an integrated global financial system to, among other things, minimize our reliance on and use of manual processes, there can be no assurance that the implementation will be completed in a timely manner or on budget, or that it will achieve all of its intended goals. Any failure to implement required controls, or difficulties or errors encountered in their operation, including as a result of remote work arrangements, could adversely affect our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, which could deteriorate investor confidence. If we are not able to maintain or document effective internal control over financial reporting, our independent registered public accounting firm would be unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or opine that our financial statements fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with GAAP. Significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting may prevent us from reporting our financial information on a timely basis or cause us to restate previously issued financial information, and thereby subject us to litigation and adverse regulatory consequences, including fines and other sanctions. If any of the foregoing were to occur, investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements could erode, resulting in a decline in our stock price, impairing our ability to raise capital, negatively affecting our reputation and subjecting us to legal and regulatory risk. 
 Unfavorable conditions in the capital and credit markets may significantly and adversely affect our access to capital and our ability to pay our debts or expenses. 
 The global capital and credit markets have experienced periods of uncertainty, volatility and disruption, including the possibility of a U.S. government default on its debt obligations, changes to U.S. and foreign tax and trade policies, imposition of new or increased tariffs, other trade restrictions, other government actions, foreign currency fluctuations and other factors. Our ability to raise money during such periods could be severely or entirely restricted. Our ability to borrow or raise money is important if our operating cash flow is insufficient to pay our expenses, meet capital requirements, repay debt, pay dividends on our common stock or make investments. As a holding company, we have limited direct operations of our own. The principal sources of our liquidity are dividends and other statutorily permissible payments from our subsidiaries, cash flow from our investment portfolio, the Credit Facility (as defined below) and liquid assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily convertible into cash. Sources of liquidity in normal markets include a variety of short-and long-term instruments. If our access to the capital and credit markets is restricted, our cost of capital could increase, thus decreasing our profitability and reducing our financial flexibility, including our ability to refinance maturities of existing indebtedness on similar or more favorable terms. Our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and statutory capital position could be materially and adversely affected by periods of uncertainty, volatility and disruption in the capital or credit markets. 
 Our investment portfolio is subject to market risk, including changes in interest rates, that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition . 
 Investment returns are an important part of our profitability. Our investments are subject to market-wide risks and fluctuations, including in the fixed maturity and equity securities markets, which could impair our profitability, financial condition and cash flows. Further, in pricing our products and services, we incorporate assumptions regarding returns on our investments. Market conditions may not allow us to invest in assets with sufficiently high returns to meet our pricing assumptions and profit targets over the long term. 
 We are subject to interest rate risk in our investment portfolio. Changes in interest rates have, and may continue to, materially adversely affect the performance of some of our investments, including by materially reducing the fair value of and investment income from fixed maturity securities and increasing unrealized losses in our investment portfolio, which can adversely impact our capital. As of December 31, 2022, fixed maturity securities represented approximately 84 of our total investments and full year 2022 gross investment income from fixed maturity securities totaled 270.0 million. The fair market value of fixed maturity securities generally increases or decreases in an inverse relationship with fluctuations in interest rates, while net investment income realized by us from future investments in fixed maturity securities generally increases or decreases directly with fluctuations in interest rates. In addition, actual investment income and cash flows from investments that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, may differ from those anticipated at the time of investment as a result of interest rate fluctuations. 
 Recent periods have been characterized by increasing interest rates. A prolonged period during which interest rates remain at high levels may result in greater unrealized losses in our investment portfolio. Conversely, a prolonged period during which interest rates are at lower levels may result in lower-than-expected investment income. Though we employ asset/liability management strategies to manage the adverse effects of interest rate changes, significant fluctuations may require us to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a significant loss to pay claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. See Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk in this Report. 
 30 

Our investment portfolio is subject to credit, liquidity and other risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to credit risk in our investment portfolio, primarily from our investments in corporate bonds, preferred stocks, leveraged loans, municipal bonds and commercial mortgages. Defaults by third parties in the payment or performance of their obligations could reduce our investment income and result in realized investment losses. The value of our investments may be materially adversely affected by downgrades in the corporate bonds included in our portfolio, increases in treasury rates or credit spreads and by other factors that may result in realized and unrealized investment losses and other-than-temporary impairments. The determination that a security has incurred an other-than-temporary impairment requires the judgment of management and there are inherent risks and uncertainties involved in making these judgments. Changes in facts, circumstances or critical assumptions could cause management to conclude that further impairments have occurred, which could lead to additional losses on investments. Each of these events may cause us to reduce the carrying value of our investment portfolio. For further details on net investment losses, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 The value of any particular fixed maturity security is subject to impairment based on the creditworthiness of its issuer. As of December 31, 2022, fixed maturity securities represented approximately 84 and below investment grade securities (rated BB or lower by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations) represented approximately 5 of our total investments. Below investment grade securities generally are expected to provide higher returns but present greater risk and can be less liquid than investment grade securities. A significant increase in defaults and impairments on our fixed maturity securities portfolio could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. See Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Credit Risk in this Report for additional information on the composition of our fixed maturity securities portfolio. 
 Equity securities represented approximately 4 of our total investments as of December 31, 2022. However, we have had higher percentages of equity securities in the past and may make more equity investments in the future. Investments in equity securities generally are expected to provide higher total returns but present greater risk to preservation of capital than our fixed maturity securities. All changes in the fair value of equity securities are reported in our statements of operations, which has increased the volatility of our financial results. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for more information. 
 Our investments in commercial mortgage loans on real estate (which represented approximately 4 of our total investments as of December 31, 2022) are relatively illiquid. If we require extremely large amounts of cash on short notice, we may have difficulty selling these investments at attractive prices and in a timely manner. 
 The manner in which we allocate our resources across the portfolio or the types of assets in which we seek to invest may increase credit, liquidity and other risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The value of our deferred tax assets could become impaired, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 In accordance with applicable income tax guidance, we must determine whether our ability to realize the value of our deferred tax asset or to recognize certain tax liabilities related to uncertain tax positions is more likely than not . Under current income tax guidance, a deferred tax asset should be reduced by a valuation allowance, or a liability related to uncertain tax positions should be accrued, if, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income of the same character during the carryback or carry-forward periods. 
 In determining the appropriate valuation allowance, management made certain judgments relating to recoverability of deferred tax assets, use of tax loss and tax credit carry-forwards, levels of expected future taxable income and available tax planning strategies. The assumptions in making these judgments are updated periodically on the basis of current business conditions affecting us and overall economic conditions. These management judgments are therefore subject to change due to factors that include changes in our ability to realize sufficient taxable income of the same character in the same jurisdiction or in our ability to execute other tax planning strategies. Furthermore, any future changes in tax laws could impact the value of our deferred tax assets. Management will continue to assess and determine the need for, and the amount of, the valuation allowance in subsequent periods. Any change in the valuation allowance could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Reinsurance may not be adequate or available to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers . 
 As part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various operating segments. We also access the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund FHCF to reinsure eligible Florida risks. Although reinsurers are liable to us for claims properly ceded under our reinsurance arrangements, we remain liable to the insured as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. Ceded reinsurance arrangements therefore do not eliminate our obligation to 
 31 

pay claims. We are subject to credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. The inability to collect amounts due from reinsurers and any changes in the FHCF could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 The availability and cost of reinsurance are subject to prevailing reinsurance market conditions, which have been, and in the future may continue to be, adversely impacted by: the occurrence of significant reinsured events, including catastrophes, or expectations regarding increased occurrences of such events due to climate change; and other impacts on reinsurers capital, such as increased demand for coverage driven by inflation, a volatile investment market or unforeseen litigation costs. Recently, premiums charged for reinsurance coverage increased significantly and we expect elevated pricing to continue through 2023. In the future, we may not be able to obtain reinsurance coverage for some of our businesses at commercially reasonable rates or at all. In such a situation, we might be adversely affected by state and other regulations that prohibit us from excluding catastrophe exposures or from withdrawing from or increasing premium rates in catastrophe-prone areas. In addition, we may not be able to renew our current reinsurance facilities or obtain other reinsurance facilities in adequate amounts, at favorable rates and with favorable terms. The inability to obtain reinsurance at favorable rates or at all could cause us to reduce the level of our underwriting commitments, take more risk, hold more capital or incur higher costs. Any of these developments could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Through reinsurance, we have sold or exited businesses that could again become our direct financial and administrative responsibility if the reinsurers become insolvent . 
 In the past, we have sold, and in the future we may sell, businesses through reinsurance ceded to third parties. We have exited certain businesses through reinsurance. We have a reinsurance recoverable balance with John Hancock Life Insurance Company John Hancock of 436.5 million as of December 31, 2022, related to the sale of our Long-Term Care division through reinsurance. The A.M. Best rating of John Hancock is currently A+. Certain assets backing reserves reinsured under this sale and other sales are held in trusts or separate accounts. However, if the reinsurers became insolvent, the assets in the trusts or separate accounts could prove insufficient to support the liabilities that would revert to us and we may again become responsible for administering these businesses. We do not currently have the administrative systems and capabilities to process these businesses. We might be forced to obtain such capabilities on unfavorable terms with a resulting material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, other third parties to whom we have sold businesses in the past may in turn sell these businesses to other third parties, through reinsurance or otherwise, and we could face credit risks and risks related to the new administrative systems and capabilities of these third parties in administering these businesses. 
 For more information on these arrangements, including the reinsurance recoverables and risk mitigation mechanisms used, see Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks Credit Risk in this Report. 
 Due to the structure of our commission program, we are exposed to risks related to the creditworthiness and reporting systems of some of our agents, third-party administrators and clients. 
 We are subject to the credit risk of some of the agents, third-party administrators and clients with which we contract in our businesses. We may incur losses related to accounts receivables, write-downs of upfront fees, write-downs of deferred acquisition costs, insurance reserves held by third parties without collateral, reimbursement of claims or commissions prepaid by us and loans granted to such counterparties. In addition, some of our agents, third-party administrators and clients collect and report premiums or pay claims on our behalf. These parties failure to remit all premiums collected or to pay claims on our behalf on a timely and accurate basis could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 32 

Our subsidiaries inability to pay us sufficient dividends could prevent us from meeting our obligations and paying future stockholder dividends . 
 As a holding company whose principal assets are the capital stock of our subsidiaries, we rely primarily on dividends and other statutorily permissible payments from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations for payment of interest and principal on outstanding debt obligations, to repurchase shares or debt, to pay for certain expenses, to acquire new businesses, and to pay dividends to common stockholders. Our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends and to make such other payments depends on their GAAP equity or statutory surplus, future earnings, cash position, rating agency requirements and regulatory restrictions, as applicable. Regulators could increase capital requirements for our subsidiaries, thereby reducing deployable capital at such subsidiary. Except to the extent that we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, claims of our subsidiaries creditors, including policyholders, have priority over our claims with respect to our subsidiaries assets and earnings. If any of our subsidiaries should become insolvent, liquidate or otherwise reorganize, our creditors and stockholders will have no right to proceed against our subsidiaries assets or to cause the liquidation, bankruptcy or winding-up of our subsidiaries under applicable liquidation, bankruptcy or winding-up laws. The applicable insurance laws of the jurisdiction where each of our insurance subsidiaries is domiciled would govern any proceedings relating to that subsidiary and the insurance authority of that jurisdiction would act as a liquidator or rehabilitator for the subsidiary. 
 The payment of dividends by any of our regulated domestic insurance company subsidiaries in excess of specified amounts (i.e., extraordinary dividends) must be approved by the subsidiary s domiciliary jurisdiction department of insurance. Ordinary dividends, for which no regulatory approval is generally required, are limited to amounts determined by a formula, which varies by jurisdiction. The formula for the majority of the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries are domiciled is based on the prior year s statutory net income or 10 of the statutory surplus as of the end of the prior year. Some jurisdictions have an additional stipulation that dividends may only be paid out of earned surplus. If insurance regulators determine that payment of an ordinary dividend or any other payments by our insurance subsidiaries to us (such as payments under a tax sharing agreement or payments for employee or other services) would be adverse to policyholders or creditors, they may block such payments that would otherwise be permitted without prior approval. Future regulatory actions could further restrict our insurance subsidiaries ability to pay us dividends. For more information on the maximum amount of dividends our regulated U.S. domiciled insurance subsidiaries could pay us in 2022 under applicable laws and regulations, without prior regulatory approval, see Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividend Policy. 
 Any additional material restrictions on our insurance subsidiaries ability to pay us dividends could adversely affect our ability to pay any dividends on our common stock, service our debt and pay other expenses. 
 Our ability to declare and pay dividends on our capital stock may be limited. 
 Our declaration and payment of dividends on our common stock in the future will be determined by the Board in its sole discretion and will depend on various factors, including: our subsidiaries payment of dividends and other statutorily permissible payments to us; our results of operations and cash flows; our financial condition and capital requirements; general business conditions and growth prospects; any legal, tax, regulatory and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends; and any other factor the Board deems relevant. The payment of dividends on our common stock is subject to the preferential rights of preferred stock that the Board may create from time to time. The Credit Facility contains limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders if we are in default, or such dividend payments would cause us to be in default, of our obligations thereunder. In addition, if we defer the payment of interest on our Subordinated Notes (as defined hereafter), we generally may not make payments on our capital stock. Furthermore, the agreements governing any of our or our subsidiaries future indebtedness may limit our ability to declare and pay dividends on our common stock. In the event that any agreements governing any such indebtedness restrict our ability to declare and pay dividends in cash on our common stock, we may be unable to declare and pay dividends in cash on our common stock unless we can repay or refinance the amounts outstanding under such agreements. 
 At any time when we have given notice of our election to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes, we generally may not make payments on our capital stock, subject to certain limited exceptions. 
 Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management. 
 We use various modeling techniques and data analytics throughout the organization to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends, and other risks associated with our assets, liabilities, profitability and cash flows. This includes both proprietary and third-party modeled outputs and related analysis to assist us in decision-making related to pricing and rate filings, catastrophe and non-catastrophe modeling, loss reserving, asset management, corporate tax, financial reporting, and risk and capital management, among other things. The modeled outputs and related analyses are subject to uncertainties and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including model design errors; rely on numerous assumptions and the use of historical internal and industry data; and may lead to unintentional bias. In addition, climate change may make it more difficult to predict 
 33 

and model catastrophes, reducing our ability to accurately price our exposure to such events and mitigate risks. As a result, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. If, based upon these models, we misprice our products, underestimate the frequency or severity of catastrophes and non-catastrophe losses, or fail to appropriately estimate the risks we are exposed to, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 Technology, Cybersecurity and Privacy Risks 
 The failure to effectively maintain and modernize our information technology systems and infrastructure and integrate those of acquired businesses could adversely affect our business. 
 The success of our business depends on our ability to maintain effective, secure and reliable information technology systems and infrastructure and to modernize them to support current and new clients and grow in an efficient and cost-effective manner. Some of the Company s information technology systems and software are legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards, including business continuity procedures. We are undergoing a multiyear transformation of our information technology systems and infrastructure involving several enterprise-wide technology initiatives to support our strategy and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology and evolving industry and regulatory requirements. This includes implementing an integrated global financial system; enhancing existing systems, procedures and controls; developing new systems and products; and retiring certain legacy systems. We have also migrated many of our systems and applications to the cloud, which is key to our technology strategy. We currently rely on significant manual processes and procedures that subject us to increased risk of error and internal control failure compared to automated processes, such as the accounting errors that were identified and disclosed in second quarter 2022. We must integrate the systems of acquired businesses effectively so that technology gained through acquisitions meets the required level of security and performance capabilities to avoid additional risk to existing operations. 
 Our ability to modernize our information technology systems and infrastructure requires us to execute large-scale, complex programs and projects, which rely on the commitment of significant financial and managerial resources and effective planning and management processes. We may be unable to implement these programs and projects effectively, efficiently or in a timely manner, which could result in operational resiliency issues, poor customer experience, cost overruns, additional expenses, reputational harm, legal and regulatory actions, and other adverse consequences. 
 If we are unable to maintain information technology systems, infrastructure, procedures (including technology continuity planning and recovery testing) and controls that function effectively without interruption and securely (including through a failure to replace or update redundant or obsolete hardware, applications or software systems), or to update or integrate our systems, we may not be able to service our clients and their customers, successfully offer our products, grow our business and account for transactions in an appropriate and timely manner, and our relationships with clients could be adversely affected. We are dependent on vendors and other third parties to maintain reliable network systems that provide adequate speed and data capacity. For example, we utilize third-party cloud service providers in connection with certain key aspects of our business and operations, including in the Global Automotive businesses and in implementing an integrated global financial system, and any disruption of, or interference with, our use of such cloud services could have a material adverse impact on our business and operations. We have from time to time experienced operational resiliency issues, including the unavailability of information technology systems upon which our clients rely. Such failures could result in loss of business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For risks relating to the security of our information technology systems and cyber attacks, see We could incur significant liability if our information technology systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We could incur significant liability if our information technology systems or those of third parties are breached or we or third parties otherwise fail to protect the security of data residing on our respective systems, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We rely on the uninterrupted and secure operation of our information technology systems to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. This electronic information includes confidential and other sensitive information, including personal data, that we receive from our customers, vendors and other third parties. Our information technology systems and safety control systems and those of our vendors and other third parties with whom we share sensitive information are vulnerable to, and in some cases have been subject to, damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyber attacks, computer viruses, malware and ransomware, as well as targeted attacks against our employees, which recently have been increasing in frequency. 
 Cyber attacks are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated. We are at risk of attack by a growing list of adversaries, including state-sponsored organizations, organized crime, hackers and hacktivists (activist hackers), through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including long-term, persistent attacks referred to as advanced persistent threats, attacks via yet unknown vulnerabilities referred to as zero-day threats and credential harvesting attacks against our 
 34 

employees. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures, resulting in potential data loss or other damage to information technology systems. As the breadth and complexity of the technologies we use continue to grow, and as a result of the remote and hybrid work arrangements for a portion of our employees, the risk of security breaches and cyber attacks has increased. 
 Our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees and third parties who may have otherwise legitimate access to our systems. Our call centers subject us to additional risk from internal threats due to access to personal data. Moreover, we face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. Remote and hybrid work arrangements, including the use of personal devices and home networks that are not managed by the organization s security control framework, bypass certain physical security controls for our employees and the employees of our vendors who have access to sensitive information. While additional technical controls have been put in place, they may not be sufficient to discover compromises that occur due to the loss of physical controls. The latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. We could experience significant financial and reputational harm as a result of operational resiliency issues, including if our information technology systems are breached, sensitive client or Company data are compromised, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time or maliciously made public, or if we fail to make adequate disclosures to the public or law enforcement agencies following any such event. 
 Our data protection measures may not be effective to protect our network and systems from external and internal threats. Should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user or otherwise, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. Certain measures that could increase the security of our systems take significant time and resources to deploy broadly and may not be effective against an attack. Additionally, our policies, procedures and technical safeguards may be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information and other cybersecurity incidents, assess the severity or impact of any such incidents or appropriately respond in a timely manner. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade effective protective measures and other safeguards or adequately respond to a breach could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Although we continue to invest in security and engage in best practices for software development, code vulnerabilities may still be introduced into production environments. Our information technology systems must be continually patched and upgraded to protect against vulnerabilities, including zero-day threats, and we are at risk that cyber attackers exploit these vulnerabilities before they have been addressed. Due to the large number and age of the systems and platforms that we operate and the increased frequency with which vendors issue security patches to their products, the need to test patches and, in some cases coordinate with clients and vendors, before they can be deployed, we are at risk that we cannot deploy these patches in a timely and effective manner. We are dependent on vendors and other third parties, such as cloud service providers, to keep their systems patched in order to protect our data. We have vendors and other third parties who receive data from us in connection with the services we offer our customers. In addition, we have migrated certain data, and may increasingly migrate data, to the cloud hosted by third-party providers. We are at risk of a cyber attack involving a vendor or other third party, which could result in a breakdown of such third party s data protection measures or access to our infrastructure through the third party. To the extent that a vendor or third party suffers a cyber attack that compromises their operations, our data and our customers data could be compromised or we may experience service interruption. Any failure related to these activities and operational resiliency could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 The process of integrating the information technology systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. For instance, we may not adequately identify weaknesses in an acquired entity s information technology systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyber attack. We may be unable to integrate the systems of the businesses we acquire into our environment in a timely manner, which could further increase these risks until such integration takes place. 
 We have from time to time experienced cybersecurity incidents, such as malware incursions, distributed denial of service attacks, hardware misconfigurations, zero-day exploits, employee misconduct and incidents resulting from human error, such as loss of portable and other data storage devices. Like many companies, we are subject to regular phishing email and social media engineering campaigns directed at our employees that can result in malware infections and financial and data losses. Although some of these incidents have resulted in data loss and other damages, to date, they have not had a material adverse effect on our business or operations. In the future, these types of incidents could result in confidential, restricted personal or proprietary information being lost or stolen, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time, or maliciously made public, including client, employee or Company data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Improper access to or disclosure of sensitive client or Company information could harm our reputation and subject us to significant liability under our contracts, as well as under existing or future laws, rules and regulations. In the event of a cyber 
 35 

attack, we might have to take our systems offline, which could interfere with services to our clients or damage our reputation. We may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond and recover any financial and data loss in a timely manner. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to mitigate the damage and to protect against future damage. In addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber attacks and other related data and system incidents. 
 The costs of complying with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and reputation. 
 In providing services and solutions to our customers and operating our business, we process, store and transfer sensitive customer, end-consumer and Company data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. As a result, we are or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. For discussion of the various laws and regulations affecting our business, see Item 1 Business Regulation in this Report. The scope and interpretation of these laws and additional laws that are or may be applicable to us are continuously evolving, often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time and may restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations. Complying with these and similar laws and regulations requires us to make significant changes to our operations, which rely on the commitment of significant financial and managerial resources and effective planning and management processes. We may be unable to implement required operational changes effectively, efficiently or in a timely manner, which could result in cost overruns, additional expenses, reputational harm, legal and regulatory actions and other adverse consequences. 
 Unauthorized disclosure or transfer of personal or otherwise sensitive data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud, misappropriation or other means, by us, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business could subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines, criminal prosecution and other adverse consequences in one or more jurisdictions. Such events could result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation and cause us to lose clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which increase our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business, and violations or alleged violations of such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations. 
 We are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the U.S. and its various states and territories, the E.U. and its member states, the U.K. and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, such as the FCPA and the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, trade sanctions, export control regulations and restrictions and anti-money laundering laws. We are subject to other laws and regulations on matters as diverse as antitrust, internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, accounting standards implemented by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and accounting-related rules and interpretations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, environmental protection, wage-and-hour standards, and employment and labor relations. In addition, new or proposed environmental, social and governance laws and regulations, including those related to climate change, may result in expanded mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure. Furthermore, our domestic and international insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulatory oversight, including: restrictions and requirements related to licensing; capital, surplus and dividends; underwriting limitations; the ability to enter, exit and continue to operate in markets; statutory accounting and other disclosure requirements; the ability to provide, terminate or cancel certain coverages; premium rates, including regulatory ability to disapprove or reduce the premium rates companies may charge; trade and claims practices; product forms, including regulatory ability to disapprove new product filings; content of disclosures to consumers; type, amount and valuation of investments; assessments or other surcharges for guaranty funds and companies ability to recover assessments through premium increases; and market conduct and sales practices. 
 The U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our operations are complex and may change rapidly, and our efforts to comply and keep up with them require significant resources and increase the costs and risks of doing business in these jurisdictions. The regulations we are subject to have become more stringent over time, may decrease the need for our services, impose significant operational limits on our business and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions. Further, the laws and regulations affecting our business are subject to change as a result of, among other things, new interpretations and judicial decisions, and any such changes may increase the regulatory requirements imposed on us, impact the way we are able to do business, impact efforts to protect intellectual and other property, and significantly harm our business and results of operations. While we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we or our employees, consultants, contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations at all times or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to investigations, criminal penalties, civil remedies or other adverse consequences, including fines, injunctions, loss of 
 36 

an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business, redress to clients, exposure to negative publicity or reputational damage and harm to client, employee and other relationships. Moreover, our failure to comply with laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may result in increased regulatory scrutiny by other regulatory agencies in that jurisdiction or regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions. The cost of compliance and the consequences of non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For additional discussion of the various laws and regulations affecting our business, see Item 1 Business Regulation in this Report. 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Federal, state or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, are subject to significant change and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, in 2017, the TCJA, which significantly amended the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, was enacted; and in 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA ), which introduced a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax applicable to corporations in certain situations and a 1 excise tax on corporate share repurchases, among other things, was enacted. Compliance with the TCJA and the IRA may require the collection of information not regularly produced within the Company, the use of estimates in our Consolidated Financial Statements, the exercise of significant judgment in accounting for its provisions and increase costs. The overall impact of the TCJA and the IRA is uncertain due to the ambiguities in the application of certain provisions, the impact of future guidance, interpretations or rules issued by government agencies and potential court decisions interpreting the legislation. Future changes in tax laws, including changes in the application or interpretation of the TCJA or the IRA, or increases to the corporate tax rate, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s efforts around Global Pillars I and II dealing with possible new digital taxes and global minimum taxes, if implemented, could increase the Company s overall tax burden, adversely impacting the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions . 
 From time to time, we may be, and in certain cases have been, subject to a variety of legal and regulatory actions relating to our current and past business operations, including: 
 industry-wide investigations regarding business practices, including the use and marketing of certain types of insurance policies or certificates of insurance, and compliance with guidance issued by regulators; 
 actions by regulatory authorities that may restrict our ability to increase or maintain our premium rates, require us to reduce premium rates, require us to allow customers to defer premium payments on certain of our products, make offering our products more expensive or unattractive to our clients, impose fines or penalties, and result in other expenses; 
 market conduct examinations, for which we are required to pay the expenses of the regulator as well as our own expenses, and which may result in fines, penalties, and other adverse consequences; 
 disputes regarding our Lender-placed Insurance products, including those relating to rates, agent compensation, consumer disclosure, continuous coverage requirements, loan tracking services and other services that we provide to mortgage servicers; 
 disputes over coverage or claims adjudication; 
 disputes over our treatment of claims, in which states or insureds may allege that we failed to make required payments or meet prescribed deadlines for adjudicating claims; 
 disputes regarding regulatory compliance, sales practices, disclosures, premium refunds, licensing, underwriting and compensation arrangements; 
 disputes over liability claims under comprehensive general liability policies involving property damage or personal injury at insured properties or relating to insured vehicles; 
 disputes alleging bundling of credit insurance and warranty products with other products provided by financial institutions; 
 disputes with tax and insurance authorities regarding our tax liabilities; 
 investigations alleging violations of sanctions and/or export control laws; 
 disputes relating to customers claims that they were not aware of the full cost or existence of the insurance or limitations on insurance coverage; and 
 employment litigation claims brought by current or former employees. 
 37 

Further, actions by certain regulators may cause additional changes to the structure of the Lender-placed Insurance industry, including the arrangements under which we track coverage on mortgaged properties. These changes could materially adversely affect the results of operations of Global Housing and the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. For additional information, see Item 1 Business Regulation in this Report. 
 We are involved in a variety of litigation and legal and regulatory proceedings relating to our current and past business operations and may, from time to time, become involved in other such actions. We continue to defend ourselves vigorously in these proceedings. 
 We participate in settlements on terms that we consider reasonable; however, the results of any pending or future litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently unpredictable and involve significant uncertainty. Unfavorable outcomes in litigation or regulatory proceedings or significant problems in our relationships with regulators could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, reputation, ratings and ability to continue to do business. They could expose us to further investigations or litigation. In addition, certain of our clients in the mortgage, auto financing, credit card and banking industries are the subject of various regulatory investigations and litigation matters regarding mortgage lending practices, credit insurance, debt-deferment and debt cancellation products, and the sale of protection products, which could indirectly negatively affect our businesses. For additional information, see Item 3 Legal Proceedings and Note 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Our business is subject to risks related to reductions in the insurance premium rates we charge. 
 The premiums we charge are subject to review by regulators. If they consider our loss ratios to be too low, they could require us to reduce our rates. Significant rate reductions could materially reduce our profitability. 
 We file rates with the state departments of insurance in the ordinary course of business. In addition to this routine correspondence, from time to time we engage in discussions and proceedings with certain state regulators regarding our Lender-placed Insurance business. The results of such reviews may vary. As previously disclosed, we have reached agreements with state insurance regulators in certain states, including New York, Florida, California, Indiana, Texas and Minnesota, regarding our Lender-placed Insurance business in those states. In addition, we completed a regulatory settlement agreement (the RSA to resolve a targeted multistate market conduct examination sponsored by the NAIC and focused on Lender-placed Insurance, which includes a number of requirements and restrictions that are applicable in all participating states and U.S. territories. Among other things, the terms of the RSA require more frequent rate filings for Lender-placed Insurance. This could result in downward pressure on premium rates for these products. If such filings result in significant decreases in premium rates for our Lender-placed Insurance products, our cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth . 
 Legislation or other regulatory reform related to the insurance industry that increases the regulatory requirements imposed on us or that changes the way we are able to do business may significantly harm our business or results of operations. Various state and federal regulatory authorities have taken actions with respect to our Lender-placed Insurance business, including the multistate market conduct examination and related RSA. If we were unable for any reason to comply with any new or revised requirements, including the RSA, it could result in substantial costs to us and may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, new interpretations of existing laws or new judicial decisions affecting the insurance industry could adversely affect our business. 
 Insurance industry-related legislative or regulatory changes that could significantly harm our subsidiaries and us include: 
 imposed reductions in premium rates, limitations on the ability to raise premiums on existing policies, or new minimum loss ratios; 
 increases in minimum capital, reserves and other financial viability requirements; 
 enhanced or new regulatory requirements intended to prevent future financial crises or to otherwise ensure the stability of institutions; 
 new licensing requirements; 
 restrictions on the ability to offer certain types of insurance products, service contracts or other protection products; 
 prohibitions or limitations on provider financial incentives and provider risk-sharing arrangements; 
 more stringent standards of review for claims denials or coverage determinations; 
 increased regulation relating to Lender-placed Insurance; and 
 new or enhanced regulatory requirements that require insurers to pay claims on terms other than those mandated by underlying policy contracts. 
 38 

In addition, regulators in certain states have hired third-party auditors to audit the unclaimed property records of insurance companies operating in those states. Among other companies, we are currently subject to these audits in a number of states and have been responding to information requests from these auditors. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our common stock may be subject to stock price and trading volume volatility. 
 Our common stock price and trading volume could materially fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, including: variations in our quarterly operating results, including against expectations; catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses; the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; changes in our insurance subsidiaries financial strength ratings; changes in our corporate debt ratings; changes to our registered securities; limitations on premium levels or the ability to maintain or raise premiums on existing policies; regulatory developments affecting our products or services; and negative publicity relating to us or our competitors. In addition, macroeconomic, geopolitical conflicts and industry fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the trading price or volume of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 
 Employee misconduct could harm us by subjecting us to significant legal liability, regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. 
 Our ability to attract, recruit, hire, motivate, develop and retain employees and clients depends upon our corporate culture. Our employees are the cornerstone of our culture and acts of misconduct by any employee, and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation. Our employees could engage or be accused of engaging in misconduct that subjects us to litigation, regulatory sanctions, financial costs and serious harm to our reputation or financial position. Employee misconduct could prompt regulators to allege or determine, on the basis of such misconduct, that we have not established an adequate program to inform employees of applicable rules or to detect and deter violations of such rules. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct and the precautions we take to detect and prevent misconduct may not be effective. Misconduct by employees, or even unsubstantiated allegations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, reputation and business. 
 Applicable laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests . 
 Applicable laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. For example, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware may limit the ability of an interested stockholder to engage in business combinations with us. An interested stockholder is defined to include persons owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These provisions may make it difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our directors, which could delay, defer or prevent a change in control. Such provisions may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging future takeover attempts. 
 Additionally, applicable state and foreign insurance laws may require prior approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer. State statutes generally provide, and certain foreign statutes provide, that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist when any person directly or indirectly owns, controls, has voting power over, or holds proxies representing, 10 or more of the domestic insurer s voting securities. The application process can be extensive, thereby discouraging the acquisition of a control position. 
 Our certificate of incorporation or by-laws contain provisions that permit the Board to issue one or more series of preferred stock, prohibit stockholders from filling vacancies on the Board, prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders and from taking action by written consent and impose advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at stockholder meetings. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 We own four properties. We have a shared headquarters building in Atlanta, Georgia, which serves as our corporate headquarters, as well as the headquarters for our Global Lifestyle and Global Housing businesses. It is also a primary 
 39 

information technology center. In addition, our Miami, Florida location serves as a shared office space supporting our Global Lifestyle and Global Housing businesses, and Global Housing has operations centers located in Florence, South Carolina and Springfield, Ohio. We lease office space and device care centers globally, with terms ranging from month-to-month to fifteen years. We believe that our owned and leased properties are sufficient to support our current business operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For a description of any material pending legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Commitments and Contingencies Legal and Regulatory Matters in Note 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report, which is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 40 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol AIZ. On February 10, 2023, there were approximately 209 registered holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return (stock price increase plus reinvestment of dividends paid) on our common stock from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 with the cumulative total returns for the S P 400 MidCap Index and the S P 500 Index, as the broad equity market indexes, and the S P 500 Multi-line Insurance Index, as the published industry index. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index was 100 on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. 

41 

Total Values/Annual Return Percentages 
 (Includes reinvestment of dividends) 
 Initial Investment at 12/31/2017 
 TOTAL VALUES December 31, Security / Index 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Assurant, Inc. Common Stock 100.00 90.82 136.03 144.32 168.07 137.25 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P 400 MidCap Index 100.00 88.92 112.21 127.54 159.12 138.34 S P 500 Multi-line Insurance Index 100.00 75.56 102.49 83.75 122.09 133.90 ANNUAL RETURN PERCENTAGES Years Ended December 31, Security / Index 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Assurant, Inc. Common Stock (9.18) 49.78 6.09 16.46 (18.34) S P 500 Index (4.38) 31.49 18.40 28.71 (18.11) S P 400 MidCap Index (11.08) 26.20 13.66 24.76 (13.06) S P 500 Multi-line Insurance Index (24.44) 35.64 (18.28) 45.78 9.67 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The table below provides information regarding purchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Period in 2022 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) October 1 October 31 89,887 144.63 89,887 274.5 November 1 November 30 274.5 December 1 December 31 274.5 Total fourth quarter 89,887 144.63 89,887 274.5 
 
 (1) Shares purchased pursuant to the May 2021 publicly announced share repurchase authorizations of up to 900.0 million aggregate cost at purchase of outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2022, 274.5 million aggregate cost at purchase remained unused under the repurchase authorization. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 Any determination to pay future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and will be dependent upon various factors, including: our subsidiaries payments of dividends and other statutorily permissible payments to us; our results of operations and cash flows; our financial condition and capital requirements; general business conditions and growth prospects; any legal, tax, regulatory and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends; and any other factors the Board deems relevant. 
 We are a holding company and, therefore, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock, repurchase shares or debt, service our debt and meet our other obligations depends primarily on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other statutorily permissible payments to us. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to significant regulatory and other restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. See Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks Our subsidiaries inability to pay us sufficient dividends could prevent us from meeting our obligations and paying future stockholder dividends. For the year ending December 31, 2023, the maximum amount of dividends our regulated U.S. domiciled insurance subsidiaries could pay us under applicable laws and regulations, without prior regulatory approval, is approximately 344.7 million. We may seek approval of regulators to pay dividends in excess of any amounts that would be permitted without such approval. However, there can be no assurance that we would obtain such approval if sought. Our international and non-insurance subsidiaries provide additional sources of dividends. Dividends or returns of capital paid by our subsidiaries, net of infusions of liquid assets and excluding amounts used for acquisitions or received from dispositions, was approximately 549.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 349.4 million was generated by our U.S. domiciled insurance subsidiaries. 
 42 

Payments of dividends on shares of common stock are subject to the preferential rights of any preferred stock that the Board may create from time to time. In addition, the Credit Facility restricts payments on our capital stock, including common stock dividends, if an event of default has occurred or if a proposed common stock dividend payment would cause an event of default under the Credit Facility. Further, if we elect to defer the payment of interest on our Subordinated Notes, we generally may not make payments on our capital stock. For more information regarding the Credit Facility, the Subordinated Notes and restrictions on the payment of dividends by us and our insurance subsidiaries, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Item 12 of this Report for information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Report. It contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report, particularly under the headings Item 1A Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements. 
 General 
 Reportable Segments 
 We report our results through three segments: Global Lifestyle, Global Housing and Corporate and Other. Corporate and Other includes corporate employee-related expenses and activities of the holding company. 
 In conjunction with the transition of our CEO and chief operating decision maker on January 1, 2022, we changed our segment measure of profitability for our reportable segments to an Adjusted EBITDA metric, as the primary measure used for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segments and assessing performance, from segment net income from continuing operations, effective as of that date. Prior period amounts have been revised to reflect the new segment measure of profitability. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for more information. 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income from continuing operations, excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and fair value changes to equity securities, COVID-19 direct and incremental expenses, loss on extinguishment of debt, non-core operations (defined below), net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, interest expense, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation expense, amortization of purchased intangible assets, restructuring costs related to strategic exit activities (outside of normal periodic restructuring and cost management activities), as well as other highly variable or unusual items. 
 Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements 
 Beginning with second quarter 2022, we changed the calculation of our segment measure of profitability, Adjusted EBITDA, to exclude certain businesses which we expect to fully exit, including the long-tail commercial liability businesses in Global Housing (sharing economy and small commercial businesses), as well as certain legacy long-duration insurance policies within Global Lifestyle (collectively referred to as non-core operations ). All prior period amounts have been revised, which impacts segment Adjusted EBITDA but does not impact consolidated net income. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for more information. 
 We have also revised our prior period financial statements to reflect the correction of an error identified in second quarter 2022 related to reinsurance of claims and benefits payable within the Connected Living business unit in our Global Lifestyle segment, as well as other immaterial errors which were previously recorded in the periods in which we identified them. See Notes 2 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for more information. Additionally, prior period disclosures have been revised to include Hurricane Eta, which should have been classified as a reportable catastrophe. 
 43 

Discontinued Operations 
 In August 2021, we completed the sale of the legal entities which comprise the businesses previously reported as the Global Preneed segment and certain businesses previously disposed of through reinsurance, which were previously reported in the Corporate and Other segment (collectively, the disposed Global Preneed business to subsidiaries of CUNA Mutual Group for an aggregate purchase price at closing of 1.34 billion. For additional information, refer to Results of Operations Discontinued Operations below and Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 The following discussion covers the year ended December 31, 2022 Twelve Months 2022 ), the year ended December 31, 2021 Twelve Months 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020 Twelve Months 2020 ). Please see the discussion that follows, for each of these segments, for a more detailed comparative analysis. 
 Executive Summary 
 Overview 
 In December 2022, we finalized our plan to realize greater efficiencies by continuing to simplify our business portfolio and leverage our global footprint to reduce costs. This included realigning our organizational structure, including in Global Housing, and talent to support our business strategy. We also accelerated our ongoing real estate consolidation to support work-from-home arrangements given our increasingly hybrid workforce. We expect to complete these actions in 2023. See Item 1 Business. 
 Summary of Financial Results 
 Consolidated net income from continuing operations decreased 326.3 million, or 54 , to 276.6 million for Twelve Months 2022 from 602.9 million for Twelve Months 2021. The decline was primarily driven by a net decrease in unrealized gains to unrealized losses from Assurant Ventures (our corporate venture capital team), net realized losses from sales of fixed maturity securities in 2022, and a decrease from non-core operations. 
 Global Lifestyle Adjusted EBITDA increased 51.3 million, or 7 , to 753.4 million for Twelve Months 2022 from 702.1 million for Twelve Months 2021. The increase was driven by growth across U.S. Connected Living and Global Automotive, partially offset by weaker performance in Europe and Asia Pacific, including the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. Growth in Connected Living reflected increased mobile subscribers in North America and more favorable mobile loss experience. Global Automotive increased primarily from higher investment income and favorable loss experience in select ancillary products. For the year, segment results included 24.1 million of income from real estate and a 11.2 million one-time client contract benefit. 
 Global Lifestyle net earned premiums, fees and other income increased 196.0 million, or 3 , to 7.94 billion for the Twelve Months 2022 from 7.74 billion for Twelve Months 2021, driven by strong prior period sales in Global Automotive. Connected Living decreased mainly from runoff mobile programs, partially offset by mobile subscriber growth in North America. In-store mobile service and repair contributed 148.4 million of fee income, and as previously announced, is not expected to continue in 2023. 
 Global Housing Adjusted EBITDA decreased 55.1 million, or 15 , to 302.0 million for Twelve Months 2022 from 357.1 million for Twelve Months 2021. Pre-tax reportable catastrophes (defined as individual catastrophic events that generate losses in excess of 5.0 million pre-tax, net of reinsurance and client profit sharing adjustments, and including reinstatement and other premiums) increased 17.6 million. Excluding reportable catastrophes, Adjusted EBITDA decreased 37.5 million, or 7 , primarily due to declines in Multifamily Housing and Specialty and Other, mainly from higher non-catastrophe loss experience. Lender-placed Insurance increased modestly, as strong revenue growth and improved profitability in fourth quarter 2022 more than offset higher non-catastrophe loss experience throughout the year. Global Housing results were also impacted by increased catastrophe reinsurance costs. 
 Global Housing net earned premiums, fees and other income increased 69.0 million, or 4 , to 2.01 billion for Twelve Months 2022 from 1.94 billion for Twelve Months 2021, largely from Lender-placed Insurance. This was driven by higher average insured values, premium rates and policies in-force, including contributions from a new client onboarded in fourth quarter 2022. 
 Corporate and Other Adjusted EBITDA was (99.2) million for Twelve Months 2022 compared to (93.3) million for Twelve Months 2021, primarily driven by lower investment income and higher employee-related and third-party expenses. 
 44 

Critical Factors Affecting Results 
 Our results depend on, among other things, the appropriateness of our product pricing, underwriting, the accuracy of our reserving methodology for future policyholder benefits and claims, the frequency and severity of reportable and non-reportable catastrophes, returns on and values of invested assets, our investment income, and our ability to realize greater operational efficiencies and manage our expenses. Our results also depend on our ability to profitably grow all of our businesses, including our Connected Living, Renters and Global Automotive businesses, and maintain our position in our Homeowners business. Factors affecting these items, including conditions in the financial markets, the global economy, political conditions and the markets in which we operate, fluctuations in exchange rates, interest rates and inflation, including the current period of inflationary pressures, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. For more information on these and other factors that could affect our results, see Item 1A Risk Factors. 
 Our results may also be impacted by our ability to continue to grow in the markets in which we operate, including in our Connected Living, Renters and Global Automotive businesses, which will be impacted by our ability to provide a superior digital-first customer experience, including from our investments in technology and digital initiatives, and capitalize on the smart home opportunity. Our mobile business is subject to volatility in mobile device trade-in volumes and margins based on the actual and anticipated timing of the release of new devices and carrier promotional programs, as well as to changes in customer preferences. Our Homeowners revenues will be impacted by changes in the housing market. In addition, across many of our businesses, we must respond to the threat of disruption and the competition for talent, which has increased due to labor shortages and wage inflation. See Item 1A Risk Factors Business, Strategic and Operational Risks Significant competitive pressures, changes in customer preferences and disruption could adversely affect our results of operations, Our mobile business is subject to the risk of declines in the value and availability of mobile devices in our inventory, and to export compliance and other risks and The success of our business depends on the execution of our strategy, including through the continuing service of key executives, senior leaders, highly-skilled personnel and a high-performing workforce. 
 For Twelve Months 2022, net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was 596.9 million; net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was 262.1 million; and net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was 818.4 million. We had 1.54 billion in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. Please see Liquidity and Capital Resources below for further details. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues primarily from the sale of our insurance policies, service contracts and related products and services, and from income earned on our investments. Sales of insurance policies are recognized in revenue as earned premiums while sales of administrative services are recognized as fee income. 
 Our premium and fee income is supplemented by income earned from our investment portfolio. We recognize revenue from interest payments, dividends, change in market value of equity securities and sales of investments. Currently, our investment portfolio is primarily invested in fixed maturity securities. Both investment income and changes in market value on these investments can be significantly affected by changes in interest rates. 
 Interest rate volatility can increase or reduce unrealized gains or losses in our investment portfolios. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions, inflation and other factors beyond our control. Fluctuations in interest rates affect our returns on, and the market value of, fixed maturity and short-term investments. 
 The fair market value of the fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio and the investment income from these securities fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. The fair market value generally increases or decreases in an inverse relationship with fluctuations in interest rates, while net investment income realized by us from future investments in fixed maturity securities generally increases or decreases with fluctuations in interest rates. We also have investments that are subject to pre-payment risk, such as mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. Interest rate fluctuations may cause actual net investment income and/or timing of cash flows from such investments to differ from estimates made at the time of investment. In periods of declining interest rates, mortgage prepayments generally increase and mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage obligations and bonds are more likely to be prepaid or redeemed as borrowers seek to borrow at lower interest rates. Therefore, in these circumstances we may be required to reinvest those funds in lower interest-earning investments. 
 Please see Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk below for further details. 
 Expenses 
 Our expenses are primarily policyholder benefits, underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses and interest expense. 
 45 

Policyholder benefits are affected by our claims management programs, reinsurance coverage, contractual terms and conditions, regulatory requirements, economic conditions, and numerous other factors. Benefits paid or reserves required for future benefits could substantially exceed our expectations, causing a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of commissions, premium taxes, licenses, fees, amortization of deferred costs, general operating expenses and income taxes. In addition to the restructuring plan announced in December 2022, we continue to undertake various expense savings initiatives while also making investments in talent, capabilities and technology, among other things, which will impact our expenses. 
 We also incur interest expense related to our debt. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Certain items in our Consolidated Financial Statements are based on estimates and judgment. Differences between actual results and these estimates and judgments could in some cases have material impacts on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The following critical accounting policies require significant estimates and judgment: 
 
 Reserves, Net of Reinsurance 
 Valuation of Investments 
 Valuation and Recoverability of Goodwill 

Reserves, Net of Reinsurance 
 Reserves are established using generally accepted actuarial methods and reflect significant judgment and estimates about expected future claim payments. Factors used in their calculation include experience derived from historical claim payments and actuarial assumptions. Calculations incorporate assumptions about the incidence of incurred claims, the extent to which all claims have been reported, reporting lags, expenses, inflation rates, future investment earnings, internal claims processing costs and other relevant factors. While the methods of making such estimates and establishing the related liabilities are periodically reviewed and updated, the estimation of reserves includes an element of uncertainty given that management is using historical information and methods to project future events and reserve outcomes. 
 The recorded reserves represent our best estimate at a point in time of the ultimate costs of settlement and administration of a claim or group of claims, based upon actuarial assumptions and projections using facts and circumstances known at the time of calculation. The adequacy of reserves may be impacted by future trends in claims severity, frequency, judicial theories of liability and other factors. These variables are affected by both external and internal events, including: changes in the economic cycle, inflation, changes in repair costs, natural or human-made catastrophes, judicial trends, legislative changes and claims handling procedures. 
 Many of these items are not directly quantifiable and not all future events can be anticipated when reserves are established. Reserve estimates are refined as experience develops. Adjustments to reserves, both positive and negative, are reflected in the consolidated statement of operations in the period in which such estimates are updated. 
 Because establishment of reserves is an inherently complex process involving significant judgment and estimates, there can be no certainty that future settlement amounts for claims incurred through the financial reporting date will not vary from reported claims reserves. Future loss development could require reserves to be increased or decreased, which could have a material effect on our earnings in the periods in which such increases or decreases are made. However, based on information currently available, we believe our reserve estimates are adequate. See Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks Our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, requiring us to establish additional reserves or to incur additional expense for settling unreserved liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, profitability and capital and Financial Risks Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management for more detail on this risk. 
 Reinsurance Recoverables 
 We utilize reinsurance for loss protection and capital management, business dispositions and client risk and profit sharing. Reinsurance premiums paid are amortized as reductions to premium over the terms of the underlying reinsured policies. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in a manner consistent with claim and claim adjustment expense reserves or future policy benefits reserves. Reinsurance recoverables include amounts we are owed by reinsurers for claims paid as well as those included in reserve estimates that are subject to the reinsurance. 
 46 

We use a probability of default and loss given default methodology in estimating an expected credit loss allowance, whereby the credit ratings of reinsurers are used in determining the probability of default. The allowance is established for reinsurance recoverables on paid and unpaid future policy benefits and claims and benefits. Prior to applying default factors, the net exposure to credit risk is reduced for any collateral for which the right of offset exists, such as funds withheld, assets held in trust and letters of credit, which are part of the reinsurance arrangements, with adjustments to include consideration of credit exposure on the collateral. Our methodology incorporates historical default factors for each reinsurer based on their credit rating using comparably rated bonds as published by a major ratings service. The allowance is based upon our ongoing review of amounts outstanding, length of collection periods, changes in reinsurer credit standing and other relevant factors. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in both the assumption and cession of reinsurance with non-affiliated companies. The following table provides details of the reinsurance recoverables balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Ceded future policyholder benefits and expense 360.6 338.4 Ceded unearned premium 5,158.1 4,950.0 Ceded claims and benefits payable 1,312.7 824.0 Ceded paid losses 174.5 68.8 Total 7,005.9 6,181.2 
 For additional information regarding our reserves and reinsurance recoverables, see Notes 2, 5, 17 and 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Short Duration Contracts 
 Claims and benefits payable reserves for short duration contracts include (1) case reserves for known claims which are unpaid as of the balance sheet date; (2) IBNR reserves for claims where the insured event has occurred but has not been reported to us as of the balance sheet date; and (3) loss adjustment expense reserves for the expected handling costs of settling the claims. Periodically, we review emerging experience and make adjustments to our reserves and assumptions where necessary. 
 Ultimate loss and loss adjustment expenses are estimated utilizing generally accepted actuarial loss reserving methods. Both paid claims development as well as case incurred development are typically analyzed at the product or product grouping level, considering product size and data credibility. The reserving methods widely employed by us include the Chain Ladder, Munich Chain Ladder and Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods. For Global Housing, reportable catastrophes are analyzed and reserved for separately using a frequency and severity approach. 
 The methods all involve aggregating paid and case-incurred loss data by accident quarter (or accident year) and accident age for each product grouping. As the data ages, development factors are calculated that measure emerging claim development patterns between reporting periods. By selecting loss development factors indicative of remaining development, known losses are projected to an ultimate incurred basis for each accident period. The underlying premise of the Chain Ladder method is that future claims development is best estimated using past claims development, whereas the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method employs a combination of past claims development and prior estimates of ultimate losses based on an expected loss ratio. The Munich Chain Ladder method incorporates the correlations between paid and incurred development in projecting future development factors, and is typically more applicable to products experiencing variability in incurred to paid ratios. 
 Each of these methods applied to the data groupings produces an estimate of the loss reserves for the product grouping. The best estimate is generally selected from a blend of the different methods. The IBNR associated with the best estimate is then allocated to accident year based on a weighting of the underlying actuarial methods. The determination of the best estimate is based on many factors, including: 
 the nature and extent of the underlying assumptions; 
 the quality and applicability of historical data - whether internal or industry data; 
 current and expected future economic and market conditions; 
 regulatory, legislative, and judicial considerations; 
 the extent of data segmentation - data should be homogeneous yet credible enough for loss development methods to apply; 
 trends in loss frequency and severity for various causes of loss; 
 consideration of the distribution of loss reserves, management s selection of the best estimate that may exceed an estimate based on median values, suggesting that favorable development may be more likely than unfavorable development; and 
 47 

hindsight testing of prior loss estimates - the loss estimates on some product lines will vary from actual loss experience more than others. 
 When employing the reserving methods, consideration is given to contractual requirements, historical utilization trends and payment patterns, coverage changes, seasonality, product mix, the legislative and regulatory environment, economic factors, natural catastrophes and other relevant factors. We consistently apply reserving principles and methodologies from year to year, while also giving due consideration to the potential variability of these factors. 
 While management has used judgment in establishing its best estimate of required reserves, different assumptions and variables could lead to significantly different reserve estimates. Two key measures of loss activity are loss frequency, which is a measure of the number of claims per unit of insured exposure, and loss severity, which is a measure of the average size of claims. Factors affecting loss frequency include the effectiveness of loss controls, changes in economic activity and weather patterns. Factors affecting loss severity include changes in policy limits, retentions, rate of inflation and judicial interpretations. 
 If the actual level of loss frequency and severity are higher or lower than expected, the ultimate reserves required will be different than management s estimate. The effect of higher and lower levels of loss frequency and severity on our ultimate costs for claims occurring in 2022 would be as follows: 
 Change in both loss frequency and severity 
 for all Global Lifestyle and Global Housing 
 Ultimate cost of claims 
 occurring in 2022 
 Change in cost of claims 
 occurring in 2022 
 3 higher 1,914.0 110.2 2 higher 1,877.0 73.2 1 higher 1,840.0 36.2 Base scenario (1) 1,803.8 1 lower 1,768.0 (35.8) 2 lower 1,731.0 (72.8) 3 lower 1,694.0 (109.8) 
 (1) Represents the sum of the case reserves and incurred but not reported reserves as of December 31, 2022 for Global Lifestyle and Global Housing. 
 
 Non-Core Operations 
 Short duration contracts in non-core operations consist of the sharing economy and small commercial products previously reported within Global Housing. While the contracts are classified as short duration, the coverages were predominantly commercial liability and have a long reporting and settlement tail compared to property coverages which make up most of our core operations. 
 The reserving methodology described for other short duration contacts is applicable for non-core operations. Given the nature of commercial liability coverages and its relatively long claim runoff duration, additional emphasis is placed on elevated loss activity from increasing attorney involvement and analysis of individual case reserve adequacy on known claims. This is done through use of average cost per claim methods that include an allowance for future inflation impacts, detailed open claim inventory analysis, and leveraging industry development patterns to supplement our own historical claims experience. 
 Long Duration Contracts, including Disposed and Runoff Long Duration Lines 
 Reserves for future policy benefits represent the present value of future benefits to policyholders and related expenses less the present value of future net premiums. Reserve assumptions reflect best estimates for expected investment yield, inflation, mortality, morbidity, expenses and withdrawal rates. These assumptions are based on our experience to the extent it is credible, modified where appropriate to reflect current trends, industry experience and provisions for possible unfavorable deviation. We also record an unearned revenue reserve which represents premiums received which have not yet been recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. 
 Risks related to the reserves recorded for certain discontinued individual life, annuity and long-term care insurance policies have been fully ceded via reinsurance. While we have not been released from our contractual obligation to the policyholders, changes in and deviations from economic, mortality, morbidity, and withdrawal assumptions used in the calculation of these reserves will not directly affect our results of operations unless there is a default by the assuming reinsurer. 

Valuation of Investments 
 In determining the estimated fair value of our investments, fair values are primarily based on unadjusted quoted prices for identical investments in active markets that are readily and regularly obtainable. When such unadjusted quoted prices are not available, estimated fair values are based on quoted prices for identical or similar investments in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs. If these observable inputs are not available, or observable inputs are not determinable, unobservable 
 48 

inputs or adjustments to observable inputs requiring management judgment are used to determine the estimated fair value of investments. The methodologies, assumptions and inputs utilized are described in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. Our ability to sell investments and the price ultimately realized for investments depends upon the demand and liquidity in the market. 
 See also Notes 2, 8 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report, Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks Our investment portfolio is subject to credit, liquidity and other risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and Investments contained in this Item 7. 
 
 Valuation and Recoverability of Goodwill 
 Our goodwill related to acquisitions of businesses was 2.60 billion and 2.57 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We review our goodwill annually in the fourth quarter for impairment, or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. Such indicators include: a significant adverse change in legal factors, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, unanticipated competition, loss of key personnel or a significant decline in our expected future cash flows due to changes in company-specific factors or the broader business climate. The evaluation of such factors requires considerable management judgment. Any adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill and could have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is either at the operating segment or one level below, if that component is a business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews such information. Components within an operating segment can be aggregated into one reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. A goodwill impairment loss is measured as the excess of the carrying value, including goodwill, of the reporting unit over its fair value. An impairment loss is limited to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. 
 Our Global Lifestyle operating segment is disaggregated into the following three reporting units: Connected Living, Global Automotive and Global Financial Services. Our reporting unit for goodwill testing was at the same level as the operating segment for Global Housing. In second quarter of 2022, we exited the sharing economy and small commercial businesses (which are now included within non-core operations) and reclassified 7.8 million of goodwill from Global Housing to Corporate and Other. The entire 7.8 million of goodwill reported in Corporate and Other was impaired and written off in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The following table illustrates the amount of goodwill carried by operating segment as of the dates indicated: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Global Lifestyle (1) 2,193.9 2,192.1 Global Housing (2) 409.1 379.5 Total 2,603.0 2,571.6 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, 689.1 million, 1,432.9 million and 71.9 million of goodwill was assigned to the Connected Living, Global Automotive and Global Financial Services reporting unit, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, 698.7 million, 1,420.5 million, and 72.9 million of goodwill was assigned to the Connected Living, Global Automotive and Global Financial Services reporting unit, respectively. 
 (2) Goodwill of 7.8 million associated with the sharing economy and small commercial businesses was included in Global Housing as of December 31, 2021 and subsequently reclassified to Corporate and Other, impaired and written off in 2022. 
 
 Quantitative Impairment Testing 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed a quantitative assessment for the Global Lifestyle and Global Housing reporting units given the uncertainty in macro-economic conditions, inflation concerns, and lingering COVID-19 impacts on industry performance. Based on this quantitative assessment, the Company determined that it was more likely than not that the reporting units fair values were more than their carrying amounts and that there was no impairment for the Global Lifestyle and Global Housing reporting units as of October 1, 2022. 
 The determination of fair value of the reporting units requires many estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include earnings and required capital projections discussed above, discount rates, terminal growth rates, operating income and dividend forecasts for each reporting unit and the weighting assigned to the results of each valuation method included in the fair value calculation. Changes in certain assumptions could have a significant impact on the goodwill impairment assessment. 
 49 

Should the operating results of these reporting units decline substantially compared to projected results, or should further interest rate declines increase the net unrealized investment portfolio gain position, we could determine that we need to perform an updated impairment test due to the potential impairment indicators, which may require the recognition of a goodwill impairment loss in any of the reporting units. 
 For the fourth quarter of 2022 quantitative assessment, had the net book value for of the reporting units exceeded its estimated fair value, the Company would have recognized a goodwill impairment loss for the difference up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. 
 Refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for further detail. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Please see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 

Results of Operations 
 Assurant Consolidated 
 The table below presents information regarding our consolidated results of operations: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Net earned premiums 8,765.3 8,572.1 8,277.9 Fees and other income 1,243.3 1,172.9 1,042.3 Net investment income 364.1 314.4 285.6 Net realized (losses) gains on investments and fair value changes to equity securities 
 (179.7) 128.2 (8.2) Total revenues 10,193.0 10,187.6 9,597.6 Benefits, losses and expenses: Policyholder benefits 2,359.8 2,201.9 2,275.2 Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses 7,366.3 7,081.9 6,639.8 Goodwill impairment 7.8 Interest expense 108.3 111.8 104.5 Loss on extinguishment of debt 0.9 20.7 Total benefits, losses and expenses 9,843.1 9,416.3 9,019.5 Income before provision for income taxes 349.9 771.3 578.1 Provision for income taxes 73.3 168.4 58.7 Net income from continuing operations 276.6 602.9 519.4 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 758.9 (77.7) Net income 276.6 1,361.8 441.7 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (0.9) Net income attributable to stockholders 276.6 1,361.8 440.8 Less: Preferred stock dividends (4.7) (18.7) Net income attributable to common stockholders 276.6 1,357.1 422.1 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net Income from Continuing Operations 
 Consolidated net income from continuing operations decreased 326.3 million, or 54 , to 276.6 million for Twelve Months 2022 from 602.9 million for Twelve Months 2021, primarily due to a net decrease in unrealized gains from changes in fair value of equity securities mostly driven by the four equity positions that went public in 2021 through SPAC mergers. The changes in fair value of these investments resulted in 84.1 million of after-tax unrealized losses in 2022 compared to 67.5 million of after-tax unrealized gains in 2021. The decrease was also due to 50.3 million of net realized losses from sales of fixed maturity securities in 2022 compared to 13.6 million of net realized gains from sales in 2021, and a 52.8 million after- 
 50 

tax decrease in earnings from our non-core operations mostly related to adverse prior year reserve development from the sharing economy business. Also contributing to the decrease was 41.8 million of after-tax restructuring costs related to realigning our organizational structure and the acceleration of real estate consolidation strategy announced in December 2022, and lower earnings contributions from Global Housing, mainly due to higher non-catastrophe loss experience, partially offset by higher earnings contributions from Global Lifestyle driven by favorable results from both Connected Living and Global Automotive. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Net Income from Continuing Operations 
 Consolidated net income from continuing operations increased 83.5 million, or 16 , to 602.9 million for Twelve Months 2021 from 519.4 million for Twelve Months 2020, primarily due to higher net realized gains on investments and fair value changes to equity securities compared to net losses in the prior period, including 67.5 million of after-tax unrealized gains from four equity positions that went public during Twelve Months 2021, the absence of 25.5 million of after-tax net unrealized losses on collateralized loan obligations in Twelve Months 2020 and 19.2 million of after-tax unrealized gains from equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative. The increase was also due to favorable earnings contributions from Global Lifestyle, mainly due to continued organic growth and favorable loss experience in Global Automotive. These increases were partially offset by the absence of an 84.4 million tax benefit that was recorded in Twelve Months 2020 related to the utilization of net operating losses in connection with the 2020 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. 
 51 

Global Lifestyle 
 The table below presents information regarding the Global Lifestyle segment s results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Net earned premiums 6,829.9 6,712.7 6,436.2 Fees and other income 1,106.2 1,027.4 895.4 Net investment income 249.4 198.8 191.5 Total revenues 8,185.5 7,938.9 7,523.1 Benefits, losses and expenses: Policyholder benefits 1,325.5 1,333.1 1,411.8 Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses 6,106.6 5,903.7 5,475.3 Total benefits, losses and expenses 7,432.1 7,236.8 6,887.1 Global Lifestyle Adjusted EBITDA 753.4 702.1 636.0 Net earned premiums, fees and other income: Connected Living 4,233.4 4,303.2 4,216.5 Global Automotive 3,702.7 3,436.9 3,115.1 Total 7,936.1 7,740.1 7,331.6 Net earned premiums, fees and other income: Domestic 6,156.3 5,871.5 5,402.3 International 1,779.8 1,868.6 1,929.3 Total 7,936.1 7,740.1 7,331.6 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 51.3 million, or 7 , to 753.4 million for Twelve Months 2022 from 702.1 million for Twelve Months 2021, driven by growth across U.S. Connected Living and Global Automotive, partially offset by weaker performance in Europe and Asia Pacific, including the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. Growth in Connected Living reflected increased mobile subscribers in North America and more favorable mobile loss experience. Global Automotive increased primarily from higher net investment income, after client profit sharing, favorable loss experience in select domestic ancillary products and expansion across distribution channels. Segment results included 24.1 million of income from real estate and a 11.2 million one-time client contract benefit. 
 Total revenues increased 246.6 million, or 3 , to 8.19 billion for Twelve Months 2022 from 7.94 billion for Twelve Months 2021. Net earned premiums increased 117.2 million, or 2 , primarily driven by continued organic growth from strong prior period U.S. sales in our Global Automotive business across all distribution channels and domestic mobile subscriber growth within our cable operator distribution channel. The increase in net earned premiums was partially offset by the run-off of certain global mobile programs and unfavorable foreign exchange. Fees and other income increased 78.8 million, or 8 , mainly driven by an increase in global mobile devices serviced, which included 148.4 million from in-store mobile service and repair program, which, as previously announced, is not expected to continue in 2023. Net investment income increased 50.6 million, or 25 , primarily due to income from higher fixed maturity yields and asset levels and higher real estate related income. 
 Total benefits, losses and expenses increased 195.3 million, or 3 , to 7.43 billion for Twelve Months 2022 from 7.24 billion for Twelve Months 2021. Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 202.9 million, or 3 , mainly due to higher commission expenses, primarily from growth across our Global Automotive business and domestic mobile subscriber growth within our cable operator distribution channel, as well as higher cost of sales in Connected Living due to an increase in global mobile devices serviced, which included expenses from the in-store mobile service and repair program, and higher operating costs to support growth. This was partially offset by lower commission expenses related to the run-off of certain global mobile programs. The increase in total benefits losses and expenses was partially offset by a decrease in policyholder benefits of 7.6 million, or 1 , due to the run-off of certain global mobile programs and favorable loss experience 
 52 

from select domestic ancillary products in Global Automotive and from mobile device protection products, partially offset by growth across our Global Automotive and Connected Living businesses. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 66.1 million, or 10 , to 702.1 million for Twelve Months 2021 from 636.0 million for Twelve Months 2020, primarily due to Global Automotive from underlying growth from prior period sales driven by expanded and new client relationships globally, favorable loss experience in select ancillary products and 10.4 million of one-time benefits in Twelve Months 2021 that are not expected to repeat. Connected Living also contributed to the increase, led by mobile, mainly from higher mobile trade-in volumes, including our acquisition of Hyla Mobile, Inc.( Hyla ), better performance in Asia Pacific and additional domestic mobile subscribers across carrier and cable operator clients, as well as financial services and other products, mainly due to claims and sales recoveries as Twelve Months 2020 included unfavorable impacts related to COVID-19. This increase was partially offset by investments to build out service and repair capabilities in mobile and an 11.1 million benefit for an extended service contract client recoverable in Twelve Months 2020. 
 Total revenues increased 415.8 million, or 6 , to 7.94 billion for Twelve Months 2021 from 7.52 billion for Twelve Months 2020. Net earned premiums increased 276.5 million, or 4 , primarily driven by continued growth from strong U.S. sales in our Global Automotive business across all distribution channels. The increase in net earned premiums was partially offset by modest declines in Connected Living, as the run-off of certain global mobile programs was offset by growth in extended service contract programs and domestic mobile subscribers within our cable operator distribution channel. Fees and other income increased 132.0 million, or 15 , primarily driven by Connected Living from higher mobile repair and logistics volumes mainly from Hyla contributions and mobile carrier promotions, partially offset by the 176 million reduction from the previously disclosed program contract change. Net investment income increased 7.3 million, or 4 , primarily due to higher income from real estate related investments. 
 Total benefits, losses and expenses increased 349.7 million, or 5 , to 7.24 billion for Twelve Months 2021 from 6.89 billion for Twelve Months 2020. Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 428.4 million, or 8 , primarily due to growth across the businesses, including higher mobile repair and logistics volumes, with contributions from Hyla, and investments to build out service and repair capabilities, partially offset by the impact of the previously disclosed program contract change. The increase in total benefits, losses and expenses was partially offset by a 78.7 million, or 6 , decrease in policyholder benefits, primarily due to the run-off of certain global mobile programs in our Connected Living business and lower loss experience in select ancillary products in Global Automotive, partially offset by growth across our Global Automotive and Connected Living businesses. 
 53 

Global Housing 
 The table below presents information regarding the Global Housing segment s results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Net earned premiums 1,874.0 1,796.6 1,758.3 Fees and other income 136.4 144.8 143.7 Net investment income 80.0 78.0 68.5 Total revenues 2,090.4 2,019.4 1,970.5 Benefits, losses and expenses: Policyholder benefits 915.2 798.8 794.3 Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses 873.2 863.5 858.2 Total benefits, losses and expenses 1,788.4 1,662.3 1,652.5 Global Housing Adjusted EBITDA 302.0 357.1 318.0 Impact of reportable catastrophes 172.7 155.1 178.5 Net earned premiums, fees and other income: Lender-placed Insurance 1,124.0 1,065.9 1,052.5 Multifamily Housing 482.4 482.3 451.6 Specialty and Other 404.0 393.2 397.9 Total 2,010.4 1,941.4 1,902.0 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Adjusted EBITDA decreased 55.1 million, or 15 , to 302.0 million for Twelve Months 2022 from 357.1 million for Twelve Months 2021. Pre-tax reportable catastrophes for Twelve Months 2022 increased 17.6 million to 172.7 million, compared to 155.1 million for Twelve Months 2021, primarily due to Hurricane Ian. Excluding reportable catastrophes, Adjusted EBITDA decreased 37.5 million, or 7 , mainly driven by higher non-catastrophe loss experience across all major products, due to higher claims severity from inflation, particularly from elevated fire losses, as well as higher catastrophe reinsurance costs. The decrease was partially offset by premium from higher average insured values, premium rates and policies in force in Lender-placed Insurance. 
 Total revenues increased 71.0 million, or 4 , to 2.09 billion for Twelve Months 2022 from 2.02 billion for Twelve Months 2021. Net earned premiums increased 77.4 million, or 4 , primarily due to higher average insured values, policies in force and premium rates in our Lender-placed Insurance business, including contributions from a new client onboarded during fourth quarter 2022, partially offset by higher catastrophe reinsurance costs including higher reinstatement premiums. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in fees and other income of 8.4 million, or 6 , primarily due to a decline in fees from our Multifamily Housing and Lender-placed Insurance businesses. 
 Total benefits, losses and expenses increased 126.1 million, or 8 , to 1.79 billion for Twelve Months 2022 from 1.66 billion for Twelve Months 2021. Policyholder benefits increased 116.4 million, or 15 , due to higher non-catastrophe loss experience as described above. Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 9.7 million, or 1 , mainly due to higher operating costs to support growth, with general and administrative expenses remaining relatively flat through operational savings initiatives. 
 54 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Adjusted EBITDA increased 39.1 million, or 12 , to 357.1 million for Twelve Months 2021 compared to 318.0 million for Twelve Months 2020. Adjusted EBITDA for Twelve Months 2021 included 155.1 million of pre-tax reportable catastrophes, primarily related to Hurricane Ida and the Texas winter storms, compared to 178.5 million for Twelve Months 2020. Excluding reportable catastrophes, Adjusted EBITDA increased 15.7 million, or 3 , driven by premium rate and average insured value increases in our Lender-placed Insurance business. These increases were partially offset by decreases from higher non-catastrophe loss experience from an anticipated increase to more normalized levels than experienced in Twelve Months 2020 as well as lower REO volumes related to COVID-19 foreclosure moratoriums in Lender-placed Insurance. 
 Total revenues increased 48.9 million, or 2 , to 2.02 billion for Twelve Months 2021 from 1.97 billion for Twelve Months 2020. Net earned premiums increased 38.3 million, or 2 , primarily due to average insured value and premium rate increases in our Lender-placed Insurance business and continued growth from renters insurance in our Multifamily Housing business. These increases were partially offset by lower REO volumes, higher estimated catastrophe premium, higher reinsurance reinstatement premium primarily related to Hurricane Ida, and a decline in Specialty and Other from client run-offs. Net investment income increased 9.5 million, or 14 , primarily due to higher income from real estate related investments. 
 Total benefits, losses and expenses increased 9.8 million, or 1 , to 1.66 billion for Twelve Months 2021 from 1.65 billion for Twelve Months 2020. Policyholder benefits increased 4.5 million, or 1 , primarily from higher non-catastrophe losses across all lines of business from an anticipated increase to more normalized levels than experienced in Twelve Months 2020, partially offset by a decrease in reportable catastrophe losses. Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5.3 million, or 1 , primarily due to an increase in expenses consistent with net earned premium growth and continued investments in Multifamily Housing, partially offset by a decrease in commission expense in our Specialty and Other business. 
 
 55 

Corporate and Other 
 The table below presents information regarding the Corporate and Other segment s results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Net earned premiums Fees and other income 0.5 0.3 0.5 Net investment income 26.9 31.9 17.6 Total revenues 27.4 32.2 18.1 Benefits, losses and expenses Policyholder benefits 0.5 General and administrative expenses 126.1 125.5 142.5 Total benefits, losses and expenses 126.6 125.5 142.5 Corporate and Other Adjusted EBITDA (99.2) (93.3) (124.4) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Adjusted EBITDA was (99.2) million for Twelve Months 2022 compared to (93.3) million for Twelve Months 2021. The increase in the loss was primarily due to lower investment income and higher employee-related and technology expenses. 
 Total revenues decreased 4.8 million, or 15 , to 27.4 million for Twelve Months 2022 from 32.2 million for Twelve Months 2021 primarily driven by a decrease in net investment income of 5.0 million, or 16 , mostly due to a reduction in income from limited partnerships, partially offset by increased income from higher invested assets balances, primarily reflecting the remaining proceeds from the sale of Global Preneed. 
 Total benefits, losses and expenses increased 1.1 million, or 1 , to 126.6 million for Twelve Months 2022 from 125.5 million for Twelve Months 2021. General and administrative expenses increased modestly, primarily due to higher employee-related and technology expenses. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Adjusted EBITDA was (93.3) million for Twelve Months 2021 compared to (124.4) million for Twelve Months 2020, primarily driven by lower general operating expenses and an increase in net investment income. 
 Total Revenue increased 14.1 million, or 78 , to 32.2 million for Twelve Months 2021 from 18.1 million for Twelve Months 2020, primarily d riven by a 14.3 million increase in net investment income, mostly driven by gains from the sale of real estate joint venture properties and higher income from limited partnerships. 
 Total Benefits, Losses and Expenses decreased 17.0 million, or 12 , to 125.5 million for Twelve Months 2021 from 142.5 million for Twelve Months 2020, primarily due to lower operating expenses, including employee-related and third-party expenses. 
 56 

Discontinued Operations 
 The table below presents information regarding the results of the discontinued operations for the periods indicated: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Revenues: Net earned premiums 42.6 66.9 Fees and other income 91.0 151.1 Net investment income 168.4 289.3 Net realized gains (losses) on investments and fair value changes to equity securities 4.2 (8.0) Gain on disposal of businesses 916.2 Total revenues 1,222.4 499.3 Benefits, losses and expenses: Policyholder benefits 172.7 284.4 Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses 85.2 142.6 Goodwill impairment 137.8 Total benefits, losses and expenses 257.9 564.8 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 964.5 (65.5) Provision for income taxes 205.6 12.2 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 758.9 (77.7) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Net income from discontinued operations was 758.9 million for Twelve Months 2021 compared to a net loss from discontinued operations of 77.7 million for Twelve Months 2020. The change was primarily due to a 720.1 million after-tax gain on the sale of the disposed Global Preneed business in Twelve Months 2021. The gain included 606.0 million in after-tax AOCI, primarily net unrealized gains on investments, that was recognized in earnings upon the sale. The increase was also due to the absence of a 137.8 million after-tax goodwill impairment on the disposed Global Preneed business from Twelve Months 2020. These items were partially offset by lower operating results for the disposed Global Preneed business as Twelve Months 2021 included only seven months of results since the sale closed on August 2, 2021. 
 Total revenues increased 723.1 million to 1.22 billion for Twelve Months 2021 from 499.3 million for Twelve Months 2020, primarily due to the gain on the sale of the disposed Global Preneed business. The gain included 774.2 million of pre-tax AOCI, primarily net unrealized gains on investments, that was recognized in earnings upon sale. The increase in total revenues was partially offset by a 120.9 million, or 42 , decrease in net investment income, a 60.1 million, or 40 , decrease in fees and other income and a 24.3 million, or 36 , decrease in net earned premiums, primarily because Twelve Months 2021 included only seven months of results. 
 Total benefits, losses and expenses decreased 306.9 million, or 54 , to 257.9 million for Twelve Months 2021 from 564.8 million for Twelve Months 2020, primarily due to the absence of a 137.8 million goodwill impairment on the disposed Global Preneed business from Twelve Months 2020. The decrease in total benefits, losses and expenses was also due to a 111.7 million, or 39 , decrease in policyholder benefits and a 57.4 million, or 40 , decrease in underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses, primarily because Twelve Months 2021 included only seven months of results. 
 
 57 

Investments 
 We had total investments of 7.52 billion and 8.67 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net unrealized gains/losses on our fixed maturity securities portfolio decreased 948.5 million during Twelve Months 2022, from a 311.4 million unrealized gain at December 31, 2021 to a 637.1 million unrealized loss at December 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in Treasury yields. 
 The following table shows the credit quality of our fixed maturity securities portfolio as of the dates indicated: 
 Fair Value as of Fixed Maturity Securities by Credit Quality December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Aaa / Aa / A 3,615.2 57.5 4,066.5 56.4 Baa 2,295.4 36.5 2,719.0 37.7 Ba 305.2 4.9 333.7 4.6 B and lower 67.9 1.1 96.1 1.3 Total 6,283.7 100.0 7,215.3 100.0 
 The following table shows the major categories of net investment income for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Fixed maturity securities 270.0 232.8 228.4 Equity securities 15.0 14.9 14.5 Commercial mortgage loans on real estate 14.9 8.9 8.2 Short-term investments 4.7 2.1 5.7 Other investments 48.6 61.0 16.6 Cash and cash equivalents 25.7 8.5 13.3 Revenue from consolidated investment entities (1) 56.3 Total investment income 378.9 328.2 343.0 Investment expenses (14.8) (13.8) (20.5) Expenses from consolidated investment entities (1) (36.9) Net investment income 364.1 314.4 285.6 
 (1) The following table shows the revenues net of expenses from consolidated investment entities for the periods indicated. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income from direct investments in: Real estate funds (1) 8.3 CLO entities 8.0 Investment management fees 3.1 Net investment income from consolidated investment entities 19.4 
 (1) The investment income from the real estate funds includes income attributable to non-controlling interest of 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Net investment income increased 49.7 million, or 16 , to 364.1 million for Twelve Months 2022 from 314.4 million for Twelve Months 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher yields on fixed maturity securities and cash and cash equivalents, and higher income from commercial mortgage loans on real estate due to higher invested assets, partially offset by lower income from other investments mostly due to a reduction in income from limited partnerships. 
 Net investment income increased 28.8 million, or 10 , to 314.4 million for Twelve Months 2021 from 285.6 million for Twelve Months 2020. The increase was primarily driven by higher income from other investments mostly due to higher income from sales of real estate joint venture partnerships and higher valuations in our real estate joint venture and other partnerships. Fixed maturity income increased, mostly due to higher asset levels, partially offset by lower yields. Investment expenses decreased due to prior year costs associated with the disposed Global Preneed business and one-time expenses related 
 58 

to the outsourcing of our real estate asset management. These increases were offset in part by a decrease in income from short-term investments and cash and cash equivalents mainly due to continued low yields. 
 Net realized losses on investments and fair value changes to equity securities were 179.7 million for Twelve Months 2022 compared to net realized gains and fair value changes to equity securities of 128.2 million for Twelve Months 2021. The change in Twelve Months 2022 was primarily driven by 132.7 million of net unrealized losses from changes in fair value of equity securities that included a 106.4 million decrease in net unrealized gains from four equity positions that went public in Twelve Months 2021. The change in Twelve Months 2022 was also driven by 63.7 million of net realized losses on sales of fixed maturity securities, partially offset by 18.1 million of net realized gains on sales of equity securities. The change in Twelve Months 2021 was primarily driven by 112.4 million of net unrealized gains from changes in fair value of equity securities that included 85.4 million of unrealized gains from three equity positions that went public in third quarter 2021, and 17.2 million of net realized gains from sales of fixed maturity securities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned 17.4 million of securities guaranteed by financial guarantee insurance companies. Included in this amount was 14.7 million of municipal securities, whose credit rating was A+ with the guarantee, but would have had a rating of AA- without the guarantee. 
 For more information on our investments, see Notes 8 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following section discusses our ability to generate cash flows from each of our subsidiaries, borrow funds at competitive rates and raise new capital to meet our operating and growth needs. Management believes that we will have sufficient liquidity to satisfy our needs over the next twelve months, including the ability to pay interest on our debt and dividends on our common stock. 
 Regulatory Requirements 
 Assurant, Inc. is a holding company and, as such, has limited direct operations of its own. Our assets consist primarily of the capital stock of our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our future cash flows depend upon the availability of dividends and other statutorily permissible payments from our subsidiaries, such as payments under our tax allocation agreement and under management agreements with our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries ability to pay such dividends and make such other payments is regulated by the states and territories in which our subsidiaries are domiciled. These dividend regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and by type of insurance provided by the applicable subsidiary, but generally require our insurance subsidiaries to maintain minimum solvency requirements and limit the amount of dividends they can pay to the holding company. See Item 1A Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Changes in insurance regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. Along with solvency regulations, the primary driver in determining the amount of capital used for dividends from insurance subsidiaries is the level of capital needed to maintain desired financial strength ratings from A.M. Best. For the year ending December 31, 2023, the maximum amount of dividends our regulated U.S. domiciled insurance subsidiaries could pay us, under applicable laws and regulations without prior regulatory approval, is approximately 344.7 million. Our international and non-insurance subsidiaries provide additional sources of dividends. 
 Regulators or rating agencies could become more conservative in their methodology and criteria, increasing capital requirements for our insurance subsidiaries or the enterprise. In 2022, the following actions were taken by the rating agencies: 
 A.M. Best 
 In August 2022, upgraded the insurance financial strength ratings on our insurance operating subsidiaries, American Bankers Life Assurance Company of Florida ABLAC and Caribbean American Life Assurance Company, to A from A- with a stable outlook. 
 Moody s 
 In June 2022, upgraded the senior debt rating of Assurant, Inc. to Baa2 from Baa3 with a stable outlook and upgraded the insurance financial strength ratings on our insurance operating subsidiaries, American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, ABLAC and American Security Insurance Company, to A2 from A3 with a stable outlook. 
 
 For further information on our ratings and the risks of ratings downgrades, see Item 1 Business Ratings and Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks A decline in the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 59 

Holding Company 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 446.1 million in holding company liquidity, 221.1 million above our targeted minimum level of 225.0 million. The target minimum level of holding company liquidity, which can be used for unforeseen capital needs at our subsidiaries or liquidity needs at the holding company, is calibrated based on approximately one year of corporate operating losses and interest expenses. We use the term holding company liquidity to represent the portion of cash and other liquid marketable securities held at Assurant, Inc., out of a total of 532.1 million of holding company investment securities and cash, which we are not otherwise holding for a specific purpose as of the balance sheet date. We can use such assets for stock repurchases, stockholder dividends, acquisitions and other corporate purposes. 
 Dividends or returns of capital paid by our subsidiaries, net of infusions of liquid assets and excluding amounts used for or as a result of acquisitions or received from dispositions, were 549.5 million and 728.6 million for Twelve Months 2022 and Twelve Months 2021, respectively. Twelve Months 2021 included approximately 12.0 million of dividends from subsidiaries, net of infusions, in the disposed Global Preneed business. We use these cash inflows primarily to pay holding company operating expenses, to make interest payments on indebtedness, to make dividend payments to our common stockholders, to fund investments and acquisitions, and to repurchase our common stock. From time to time, we may also seek to purchase outstanding debt in open market repurchases or privately negotiated transactions. 
 Dividends and Repurchases 
 During Twelve Months 2022 and Twelve Months 2021, we made common stock repurchases and paid dividends to our common stockholders of 717.8 million and 1.00 billion, respectively. 
 On January 19, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of 0.70 per common share payable on March 20, 2023 to stockholders of record as of February 27, 2023. We paid dividends of 0.70 per common share on December 19, 2022 to stockholders of record as of November 28, 2022. This represented a 3 increase to the quarterly dividend of 0.68 per common share paid on September 19, June 20, and March 21, 2022. 
 Any determination to pay future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board and will be dependent upon various factors, including: our subsidiaries payments of dividends and other statutorily permissible payments to us; our results of operations and cash flows; our financial condition and capital requirements; general business conditions and growth prospects; any legal, tax, regulatory and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends; and any other factors the Board deems relevant. The Credit Facility (as defined below) also contains limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders and repurchase capital stock if we are in default, or such dividend payments or repurchases would cause us to be in default, of our obligations thereunder. In addition, if we elect to defer the payment of interest on our 7.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due March 2048 or our 5.25 Subordinated Notes due January 2061 (refer to Senior and Subordinated Notes below), we generally may not make payments on or repurchase any shares of our capital stock. 
 During Twelve Months 2022, we repurchased 3,347,558 shares of our outstanding common stock at a cost of 567.6 million, exclusive of commissions. In May 2021, the Board authorized a share repurchase program for up to 900.0 million of our outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2022, 274.5 million aggregate cost at purchase remained unused under the repurchase authorization. The timing and the amount of future repurchases will depend on various factors, including those listed above. 
 As previously announced, in second quarter 2022 and within one year of closing the transaction, we completed the return of 900.0 million of net proceeds from the sale of the disposed Global Preneed business through share repurchases. For additional information, refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Assurant Subsidiaries 
 The primary sources of funds for our subsidiaries consist of premiums and fees collected, proceeds from the sales and maturity of investments and net investment income. Cash is primarily used to pay insurance claims, agent commissions, operating expenses and taxes. We generally invest our subsidiaries funds in order to generate investment income. 
 We conduct periodic asset liability studies to measure the duration of our insurance liabilities, to develop optimal asset portfolio maturity structures for our significant lines of business and ultimately to assess that cash flows are sufficient to meet the timing of cash needs. These studies are conducted in accordance with formal company-wide Asset Liability Management guidelines. 
 To complete a study for a particular line of business, models are developed to project asset and liability cash flows and balance sheet items under a varied set of plausible economic scenarios. These models consider many factors including the current investment portfolio, the required capital for the related assets and liabilities, our tax position and projected cash flows from both existing and projected new business. For risks related to modeling, see Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks 
 60 

Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management. 
 Alternative asset portfolio asset allocations are analyzed for significant lines of business. An investment portfolio maturity structure is then selected from these profiles given our return hurdle and risk appetite. Scenario testing of significant liability assumptions and new business projections is also performed. 
 Our liabilities generally do not include policyholder optionality, which means that the timing of payments is generally insensitive to the interest rate environment. In addition, our investment portfolio is largely comprised of highly liquid public fixed maturity securities with a sufficient component of such securities invested that are near maturity which may be sold with minimal risk of loss to meet cash needs. 
 Generally, our subsidiaries premiums, fees and investment income, along with planned asset sales and maturities, provide sufficient cash to pay claims and expenses. However, there may be instances when unexpected cash needs arise in excess of that available from usual operating sources. In such instances, we have several options to raise needed funds, including selling assets from the subsidiaries investment portfolios, using holding company cash (if available), issuing commercial paper, or drawing funds from the Credit Facility. 
 Senior and Subordinated Notes 
 The following table shows the principal amount and carrying value of our outstanding debt, less unamortized discount and issuance costs as applicable, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Principal Amount Carrying Value Principal Amount Carrying Value 4.20 Senior Notes due September 2023 225.0 224.7 300.0 299.0 4.90 Senior Notes due March 2028 300.0 297.8 300.0 297.5 3.70 Senior Notes due February 2030 350.0 347.6 350.0 347.3 2.65 Senior Notes due January 2032 350.0 346.7 350.0 346.4 6.75 Senior Notes due February 2034 275.0 272.5 275.0 272.4 7.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due March 2048 400.0 396.5 400.0 395.9 5.25 Subordinated Notes due January 2061 250.0 244.1 250.0 244.0 Total Debt 2,129.9 2,202.5 
 
 In June 2022, we redeemed 75.0 million of the 300.0 million then outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2023 Senior Notes at a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. In connection with the redemption, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 0.9 million. In the next five years, we have one upcoming debt maturity in September 2023 when the 2023 Senior Notes will become due and payable. For additional information, see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program 
 We have a 500.0 million five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks arranged by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The Credit Facility provides for revolving loans and the issuance of multi-bank, syndicated letters of credit and letters of credit from a sole issuing bank in an aggregate amount of 500.0 million, which may be increased up to 700.0 million. The Credit Facility is available until December 2026, provided we are in compliance with all covenants. The Credit Facility has a sublimit for letters of credit issued thereunder of 50.0 million. The proceeds from these loans may be used for our commercial paper program or for general corporate purposes. 
 We made no borrowings using the Credit Facility during Twelve Months 2022 and no loans were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our commercial paper program requires us to maintain liquidity facilities either in an available amount equal to any outstanding notes from the program or in an amount sufficient to maintain the ratings assigned to the notes issued from the program. Our commercial paper is rated AMB-1 by A.M. Best, P-2 by Moody s and A-2 by S P. Our subsidiaries do not maintain commercial paper or other borrowing facilities. This program is currently backed up by the Credit Facility, of which 499.8 million out of the 500.0 million was available as of December 31, 2022, due to 0.2 million of letters of credit outstanding. 
 61 

We did not use the commercial paper program during Twelve Months 2022 and there were no amounts relating to the commercial paper program outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 For additional information, see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 
 Letters of Credit 
 Letters of credit are issued in the ordinary course of business. These letters of credit are supported by commitments under which we are required to indemnify the financial institution issuing the letter of credit if the letter of credit is drawn. We had 2.7 million and 7.2 million of letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Cash Flows 
 We monitor cash flows at the consolidated, holding company and subsidiary levels. Cash flow forecasts at the consolidated and subsidiary levels are provided on a monthly basis, and we use trend and variance analyses to project future cash needs making adjustments to the forecasts when needed. 
 The table below shows our recent net cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities - continuing operations 596.9 630.5 1,114.3 Operating activities - discontinued operations 151.2 227.7 Operating activities 596.9 781.7 1,342.0 Investing activities - continuing operations (262.1) 302.8 (519.4) Investing activities - discontinued operations (145.2) (215.8) Investing activities (262.1) 157.6 (735.2) Financing activities - continuing operations (818.4) (1,089.8) (264.8) Financing activities - discontinued operations Financing activities (818.4) (1,089.8) (264.8) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents - continuing operations (34.5) (23.5) 19.4 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents - discontinued operations 0.2 0.1 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (34.5) (23.3) 19.5 Net change in cash (518.1) (173.8) 361.5 
 
 Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Operating Activities 
 We typically generate operating cash inflows from premiums collected from our insurance products, fees received for services and income received from our investments while outflows consist of policy acquisition costs, benefits paid and operating expenses. These net cash flows are then invested to support the obligations of our insurance products and required capital supporting these products. Our cash flows from operating activities are affected by the timing of premiums, fees, and investment income received and expenses paid. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was 596.9 million and 630.5 million for Twelve Months 2022 and Twelve Months 2021, respectively. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the timing of our mobile business operations mostly due to lower collections of premiums and fees receivable and an increase in payments to vendors for the acquisition of mobile devices used to meet insurance claims or generate profits through sales to third parties. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in cash from the receipt of a tax refund that was in excess of tax payments for Twelve Months 2022. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was 630.5 million and 1.11 billion for Twelve Months 2021 and Twelve Months 2020, respectively. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the timing of certain cash payments and business activities from our Global Lifestyle segment. The primary factors contributing to the variance included timing of cumulative payments to a vendor related to various programs for acquiring mobile devices used to meet insurance claims or generate profits through sales to third parties and higher commission payments associated with fourth quarter 2020 premiums that were paid in first quarter 2021. The decrease was also due to the absence of 
 62 

a 204.9 million tax refund, including interest, related to the ability to carry back operating losses to prior periods under the CARES Act that was collected during Twelve Months 2020 and higher tax payments, net of refunds, primarily due to the gain on sale of the disposed Global Preneed business and an increase in taxable income for Twelve Months 2021. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in premiums collected in connection with the continued growth in Global Automotive. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was 262.1 million for Twelve Months 2022 compared to net cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations of 302.8 million for Twelve Months 2021. The decrease in cash provided by investing activities was primarily driven by a decrease in cash from sales of subsidiaries, partially offset by an increase in cash from sales and maturities, net of purchases, and a change in our short term investments, due to ongoing management of our investment portfolio. Twelve Months 2021 included 1.31 billion of proceeds, net of 27.3 million of cash transferred, from the sale of the disposed Global Preneed business that were mostly reinvested in short-term high quality liquid fixed income investments. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations was 302.8 million for Twelve Months 2021 compared to net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations of 519.4 million for Twelve Months 2020. The increase in cash provided by investing activities was primarily driven by an increase in cash from sales and maturities, net of purchases, due to the ongoing management of our investment portfolio and a reduction in net cash used for acquisitions. Twelve Months 2021 included 1.27 billion of proceeds from the sale of the disposed Global Preneed business that were mostly reinvested within our investment portfolio. Twelve Months 2020 included 135.8 million of net cash used for the AFAS acquisition, 276.8 million of net cash used for the Hyla acquisition and 51.3 million of cash outflow, net of 22.0 million of proceeds from a foreign currency hedge, for the sale of our interests in Ik . Additionally, Twelve Months 2020 included a 34.0 million cash outflow to Ik Grupo for the Ik Loan that was repaid and reflected as a net cash inflow for Twelve Months 2021. These increases were partially offset by the absence of 197.1 million of net cash provided by consolidated investment entities and a 66.2 million increase in purchases of property and equipment mostly due to continued investments in information technology supporting our core operations. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was 818.4 million and 1.09 billion for Twelve Months 2022 and Twelve Months 2021, respectively. The decrease in net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to lower cash outflow for share repurchases, mainly funded by the net proceeds from the Global Preneed sale. 
 Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was 1.09 billion and 264.8 million for Twelve Months 2021 and Twelve Months 2020, respectively. The increase in net cash used in financing activities was mainly due to a 542.3 million increase in share repurchases, mainly funded by the net proceeds from the Global Preneed sale, the issuance of the 5.25 subordinated notes due January 2061 with an aggregate principal amount of 250.0 million, net of issuance costs, of 243.7 million in Twelve Months 2020, the 50.0 million repayment of our floating rate senior notes due March 2021 in first quarter 2021 and the loss on extinguishment of debt related to the repayment of our 4.00 senior notes due March 2023. 
 Discontinued operations 
 Changes in cash flows from the operating and investing activities from our discontinued operations for Twelve Months 2021 as compared to Twelve Months 2020 were lower mainly due to Twelve Months 2021 including only seven months of net cash flows since the sale closed on August 2, 2021. 
 The table below shows our cash outflows for taxes, interest and dividends for the periods indicated: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Income taxes paid 127.7 221.1 98.5 Interest paid on debt 108.4 109.8 103.6 Common stock dividends 150.2 157.6 154.6 Preferred stock dividends 4.7 18.7 Total 386.3 493.2 375.4 
 
 63 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 We have contractual obligations and commitments to third parties as a result of our operations, as detailed in the table below by maturity date as of December 31, 2022: 
 As of December 31, 2022 Total Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Contractual obligations : 
 Insurance liabilities (1) 2,116.8 1,506.4 462.1 81.1 67.2 Debt and related interest 3,830.9 328.8 193.3 193.3 3,115.5 Operating leases 42.0 15.9 19.2 6.1 0.8 Pension obligations and postretirement benefits (2) 495.5 56.1 106.8 101.3 231.3 Commitments: Investment purchases outstanding: Commercial mortgage loans on real estate 7.9 7.9 Capital contributions to non-consolidated VIEs 143.6 143.6 Liability for unrecognized tax benefits 20.4 16.9 3.5 Total obligations and commitments 6,657.1 2,058.7 798.3 381.8 3,418.3 
 (1) Insurance liabilities reflect undiscounted estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders, net of expected future premium cash receipts on in-force policies and excluding fully reinsured runoff operations. The total gross reserve for fully reinsured runoff operations that was excluded was 607.9 million which, if the reinsurers defaulted, would be payable over a 30+ year period with the majority of the payments occurring after 5 years. Additional information on the reinsurance arrangements can be found in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. These liabilities also do not include recoverable amounts related to certain high deductible policies in our sharing economy business, included in our non-core operations, for which we are responsible for paying the entirety of the claim and are subsequently reimbursed by the insured for the deductible portion of the claim. As of December 31, 2022, we had exposure to 379.1 million of reserves below the deductible that we would be responsible for if the clients were to default on their contractual obligation to pay us the deductible. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for more information on our evaluation of the credit risk exposure from these recoverables. As a result, the amounts presented in this table do not agree to the future policy benefits and expenses and claims and benefits payable in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Our pension obligations and postretirement benefits include an Assurant Pension Plan, various non-qualified pension plans (including an Executive Pension Plan) and certain life and health care benefits for retired employees and their dependents Retirement Health Benefits ), all of which were frozen in 2016. In February 2020, we amended the Retirement Health Benefits to terminate such plan benefits to retirees effective December 31, 2024. Due to the Assurant Pension Plan s current overfunded status, no contributions were made during 2022 and none are expected to be made in 2023. See Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report for more information. 
 
 Liabilities for future policy benefits and expenses have been included in the commitments and contingencies table. Significant uncertainties relating to these liabilities include mortality, morbidity, expenses, persistency, investment returns, inflation, contract terms and the timing of payments. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The following is a discussion of our primary market risk exposures and management of such exposures as of December 31, 2022. There were no other significant changes in our primary market risk exposures or in how those exposures were managed for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. We do not currently anticipate significant changes in our primary market risk exposures or in how those exposures are managed in future reporting periods based upon what is known or expected to be in effect in future reporting periods. 
 Market risk is the risk of loss from changes in the fair value of our financial instruments, including due to interest rates (including impacts of changes in credit spreads), foreign currency exchange rates and credit risk from counterparties. Market risk is dependent on the volatility and liquidity in the underlying markets in which these assets are traded. 
 Our investment portfolio consists primarily of fixed maturity securities, denominated in both U.S. dollars and foreign currencies, which are sensitive to changes in interest rates, including impacts of changes in credit spreads, foreign currency exchange rates and credit risk from counterparties. The majority of our fixed income portfolio is classified as available for sale. The carrying value of our investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 7.52 billion and 8.67 billion, respectively, of which 84 and 83 was invested in fixed maturity securities, respectively. 
 64 

Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the possibility that the fair value of liabilities will change more or less than the market value of investments in response to changes in interest rates, including changes in investment yields and changes in spreads due to credit risks and other factors. 
 Our investment portfolio, including our fixed maturity portfolio, has exposure to interest rate risk. Changes in investment values attributable to interest rate changes are mitigated by corresponding and partially offsetting changes in the economic value of our liabilities. We monitor this exposure through periodic reviews of our asset and liability positions and we manage interest rate risk by selecting investments with characteristics such as duration, yield, currency and liquidity tailored to the anticipated cash outflow characteristics of our insurance and reinsurance liabilities. Portfolio duration is primarily managed through cash market transactions. For additional information, see Notes 8 and 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments . 
 The interest rate sensitivity relating to changes in fair value in our fixed maturity portfolio is assessed using hypothetical scenarios that assume parallel shifts of the yield curves. Our actual experience may differ from the results indicated below, particularly due to the assumptions reflected or if events occur that were not included in the methodology. For more information, see Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management. 
 Our sensitivity analysis model produces a loss in fair value in the fixed maturity portfolio of (i) 143.9 million and 178.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on a hypothetical and instantaneous 50 basis point parallel increase in interest rates (including impacts of changes in credit spreads), and (ii) 283.2 million and 349.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on a hypothetical and instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in interest rates (including impacts of changes in credit spreads). 
 Our debt obligations also have exposure to interest rate risk, primarily at the time of refinancing. We monitor market interest rates and evaluate refinancing opportunities for our debt obligations as maturity dates approach. We stagger the maturity dates of our debt to mitigate the interest rate risk in any given year. For additional information, see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources . 
 Our sensitivity analysis model produces a loss in fair value of our debt obligations of (i) 44.7 million and 61.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on a hypothetical and instantaneous 50 basis point parallel increase in interest rates, and (ii) 88.4 million and 122.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on a hypothetical and instantaneous 100 basis point parallel increase in interest rates. 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 We are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from our investments in foreign subsidiaries. Foreign exchange risk is the possibility that changes in exchange rates produce an adverse effect on earnings and equity when measured in domestic currency. This risk is largest when assets backing liabilities payable in one currency are invested in financial instruments of another currency. To manage foreign exchange risk, our general principle is to invest in assets that match the currency in which we expect liabilities to be paid. Foreign exchange risk is mitigated by matching our liabilities under insurance policies that are payable in foreign currencies with investments that are denominated in such currencies. 
 The foreign exchange risk sensitivity of the fair value of our investments in foreign subsidiaries is assessed using a hypothetical 10 immediate change in each of the foreign currency exchange rates to which we are exposed. The modeling technique we use to report our currency exposure does not take into account correlation among foreign currency exchange rates. Our actual experience may differ from the results indicated below, particularly due to the assumptions reflected or if events occur that were not included in the methodology. For more information, see Item 1A Risk Factors Financial Risks Actual results may differ materially from the analytical models we use to assist in our decision-making in key areas such as pricing, catastrophe risks, reserving and capital management and Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar and other foreign currencies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The following table summarizes the net assets (liabilities) denominated in foreign currencies as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the sensitivity to a hypothetical strengthening of the U.S. dollar. 
 65 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 2022 vs. 2021 
 Value of net assets (liabilities) Exchange rate per USD Value of net assets (liabilities) Exchange rate per USD Change in exchange rate per USD British pound sterling (GBP) 306.9 1.2153 351.1 1.3235 (8.2) Canadian dollar (CAD) 209.8 0.7393 229.4 0.7874 (6.1) Euro (EUR) 179.4 1.0608 192.1 1.1235 (5.6) Brazilian real (BRL) 68.8 0.1888 67.1 0.1755 7.6 Australian dollar (AUD) 59.6 0.6701 61.6 0.7124 (5.9) Mexican peso (MXN) 63.5 0.0505 80.9 0.0480 5.2 Japanese yen (JPY) 26.9 0.0073 37.4 0.0088 (17.0) Argentine peso (ARS) 27.4 0.0056 32.0 0.0097 (42.3) Other (various currencies) 21.8 4.5 Value of net assets denominated in foreign currencies 964.1 1,056.1 Net assets 4,228.7 5,464.1 As a percentage of total net assets 22.8 19.3 Pre-tax decrease in fair value of our investments in foreign subsidiaries from a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the USD (117.3) (128.4) Pre-tax increase in fair value of our investments in foreign subsidiaries from a hypothetical 10 percent weakening of the USD 117.3 128.4 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk is the possibility that counterparties may not be able to meet payment obligations when they become due. A counterparty is any person or entity from which cash or other forms of consideration are expected to extinguish a liability or obligation to us. With respect to our market risk sensitive instruments, we have exposure to credit risk as a holder of fixed maturity securities. 
 Our risk management strategy and investment policy is to invest in securities from a diversified pool of issuers and to limit the amount of credit exposure with respect to any one issuer. We attempt to limit our credit exposure by imposing fixed maturity portfolio limits on individual issuers based upon credit quality, among other strategies. For additional information, refer to Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments and Notes 5 and 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) and (2) of this Report are incorporated by reference into this Item 8. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act as of December 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, management, including our CEO and CFO, has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms. Our CEO and CFO also have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, 
 66 

information that we are required to disclose in our reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for us as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 using criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 Management, including our CEO and CFO, based on its evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting, has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 67 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required under this Item 10 regarding directors is incorporated by reference to the information in our upcoming 2023 Proxy Statement (the 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Proposals Requiring Your Vote Proposal One Election of Directors . The information required under this Item 10 regarding executive officers is incorporated by reference to the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Executive Officers . The information required under this Item 10 regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference to the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports , if included in the 2023 Proxy Statement. The information required under this Item 10 regarding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is incorporated by reference to the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Ethics Code of Ethics . The information required under this Item 10 regarding the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Audit Committee is incorporated by reference to the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Corporate Governance Director Recruitment, Nomination and Qualifications , Corporate Governance Board and Committee Leadership, Composition and Refreshment , Corporate Governance Audit Committee and Corporate Governance Director Independence . 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required under this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Compensation Discussion and Analysis , Executive Compensation and Director Compensation . The information required under this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement regarding the Compensation Committee under the captions Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation Committee Report . 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required under this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Equity Compensation Plan Information , Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers . 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required under this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the captions Transactions with Related Persons and Corporate Governance Director Independence . 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required under this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the information in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the caption Audit Committee Matters Fees of Principal Accountants . 
 68 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a)(1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements of Assurant, Inc. are attached hereto: 
 Page Number Consolidated Financial Statements of Assurant, Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations For Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity For Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 

(a)(2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules of Assurant, Inc. are attached hereto: 
 Schedule I Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 82 
 Schedule II Parent Only Condensed Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 83 
 Schedule III Supplementary Insurance Information as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 88 
 Schedule IV Reinsurance as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 89 
 Schedule V Valuation and Qualifying Accounts as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 90 

All other financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required or the information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits either (a) are filed with this Report or (b) have previously been filed with the SEC and are incorporated herein by reference to those prior filings. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1 
 Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2015, by and between Assurant, Inc. and Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, originally filed on September 10, 2015). 
 2.2 
 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 8, 2018, by and among Assurant, Inc., TWG Holdings Limited, TWG Re, Ltd., Arbor Merger Sub, Inc. and Spartan Merger Sub, Ltd. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, originally filed on January 9, 2018). 
 2.3 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2018, by and among Assurant, Inc., TWG Holdings Limited, TWG Re, Ltd and Spartan Merger Sub, Ltd. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, originally filed on May 31, 2018). 
 2.4 
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2021, by and among Assurant, Inc., Interfinancial Inc., CMFG Life Insurance Company and TruStage Global Holdings, ULC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K originally filed on March 9, 2021). 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Assurant, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, originally filed on May 12, 2017). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Assurant, Inc., effective as of November 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, originally filed on November 14, 2022). 
 
 69 

3.3 
 Certificate of Designations of 6.50 Series D Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 12, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, originally filed on March 12, 2018). 
 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A and amendments thereto, originally filed on January 13, 2004). 
 4.2 
 Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of February 18, 2004, between Assurant, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, successor to SunTrust Bank, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on March 30, 2004). 
 4.3 
 Indenture, dated as of March 28, 2013, between Assurant, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, originally filed on March 28, 2013). 
 4.4 
 Subordinated Indenture, dated as of March 27, 2018, between Assurant, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, originally filed on March 27, 2018). 
 4.5 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 22, 2022). 
 4.6 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, the Registrant hereby agrees to furnish to the SEC, upon request, a copy of any other instrument defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Registrant and its subsidiaries. 10.1 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-based Awards for Directors, effective as of January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 20, 2013). 
 10.2 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-based Awards for Directors, effective as of January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 20, 2013). 
 10.3 
 Amended and Restated Assurant, Inc. Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 23, 2012). 
 10.4 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-based Awards under the Assurant, Inc. Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, dated July 18, 2016, by and between Assurant, Inc. and Richard Dziadzio (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on August 2, 2016). 
 10.5 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-based Awards for Directors, under the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form S-8, originally filed on May 12, 2017). 
 10.6 
 Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, originally filed on May 12, 2017). 
 10.7 
 Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, originally filed on May 14, 2021). 
 10.8 
 Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of December 2, 2022. 
 10.9 
 Amended and Restated Assurant, Inc. Executive Short Term Incentive Plan, effective as of January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.23 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 23, 2012). 
 10.1 0 
 Amended and Restated Assurant, Inc. Executive Short Term Incentive Plan, effective as of December 2, 2022. 
 10.11 
 Amended and Restated Assurant Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on March 3, 2008). 
 10.12 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Assurant Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 23, 2012). 
 10.13 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Assurant Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of December 3, 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 19, 2014). 
 10.14 
 Assurant Executive Pension Plan, amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 27, 2009). 
 
 70 

10.15 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Assurant Executive Pension Plan, effective as of January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 23, 2012). 
 10.16 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Assurant Executive Pension Plan, effective as of January 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 23, 2012). 
 10.17 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Assurant Executive Pension Plan, effective as of December 31, 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.38 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 19, 2014). 
 10.18 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Assurant Executive Pension Plan, effective as of February 29, 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on May 3, 2016). 
 10.19 
 Assurant Executive 401(k) Plan, amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on April 29, 2014). 
 10.20 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Assurant Executive 401(k) Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of March 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 14, 2017). 
 10.21 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Assurant Executive 401(k) Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of January 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on February 14, 2018). 
 10.22 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Change in Control Agreement, effective as of May 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on August 4, 2022). 
 10.23 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Change in Control Agreement, effective as of May 11, 2022 (California version) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on August 4, 2022). 
 10.24 
 American Security Insurance Company Investment Plan Document (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, originally filed on March 3, 2008). 
 10.25 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2021, among Assurant, Inc., as borrower, certain lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as syndication agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, originally filed on December 9, 2021). 
 10.26 
 Assurant, Inc. Amended and Restated Directors Compensation Plan, effective as of May 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on August 5, 2021). 
 10.27 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Performance-based Awards under the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan for the Management Committee, effective July 18, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on August 9, 2018). 
 10.28 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-based Awards under the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, effective March 16, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on May 8, 2019). 
 10.29 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Time-Based Awards under the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on May 5, 2022). 
 10.30 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Performance-Based Awards under the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of March 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q originally filed on May 6, 2021). 
 10.31 
 Form of Assurant, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Performance-Based Awards under the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, originally filed on May 5, 2022). 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney. 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 
 71 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Assurant, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Assurant, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 72 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 17, 2023. 
 ASSURANT, INC. By: /s/ KEITH W. DEMMINGS Name: Keith W. Demmings Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 73 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated on February 17, 2023. 
 Signature Title /s/ KEITH W. DEMMINGS President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Keith W. Demmings /s/ RICHARD S. DZIADZIO Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Richard S. Dziadzio /s/ DIMITRY DIRIENZO Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) Dimitry DiRienzo Non-Executive Board Chair Elaine D. Rosen Director Paget L. Alves Director J. Braxton Carter Director Juan N. Cento Director Harriet Edelman Director Sari Granat Director Lawrence V. Jackson Director Jean-Paul L. Montupet Director Debra J. Perry Director Ognjen Redzic Director Paul J. Reilly Director Robert W. Stein 
 
 By: /S/ RICHARD S. DZIADZIO Name: Richard S. Dziadzio Attorney-in-Fact 
 74 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Assurant, Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Assurant, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 F-1 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of Claims and Benefits Payable Reserves for Global Lifestyle, Global Housing and Non-Core Operations Short Duration Insurance Contracts 
 As described in Notes 2 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company maintains claims and benefits payable reserves for short duration insurance contracts. Reserves are established using generally accepted actuarial methods and reflect judgments about expected future claim payments. The reserve liability is based on the expected ultimate cost of settling the claims. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total liability for claims and benefits payable was 2.30 billion, which included 2.02 billion of liabilities for short duration contracts within the Global Lifestyle and Global Housing reporting segments as well as within its non-core operations. Claims and benefits payable reserves include case reserves for known claims which are unpaid as of the balance sheet date; incurred but not reported reserves for claims where the insured event has occurred but has not been reported as of the balance sheet date; and loss adjustment expense reserves for the expected handling costs of settling the claims. Factors used in the calculation of the reserves include experience derived from historical claim payments and actuarial assumptions. As described by management, the best estimate of ultimate loss and loss adjustment expense is generally selected from a blend of different actuarial methods that are applied consistently each period, considering significant assumptions including projected loss development factors and expected loss ratios. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of claims and benefits payable reserves for short duration insurance contracts is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining their estimates, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the actuarial methods and projected loss development factors and expected loss ratio assumptions; and (ii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of claims and benefits payable reserves for short duration insurance contracts, including controls over the selection of actuarial methods, completeness and accuracy of claims data and the development of the significant assumptions. On a test basis, these procedures also included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of historical claims data provided by management and the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in either (i) testing management s process for determining the estimates by evaluating the appropriateness of management s actuarial methods and the reasonableness of projected loss development factors and expected loss ratio assumptions; or (ii) developing an actuarially determined independent estimate utilizing actual historical data and loss development patterns, as well as industry data and other benchmarks, and comparing this independent estimate to management s actuarially determined reserves. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2000. 
 
 F-2 

Assurant, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions except number of shares and per share amounts) Assets Investments: Fixed maturity securities available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Equity securities at fair value Commercial mortgage loans on real estate, at amortized cost (net of allowances for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Short-term investments Other investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Premiums and accounts receivable (net of allowances for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Reinsurance recoverables (net of allowances for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Accrued investment income Deferred acquisition costs Property and equipment, net Goodwill Value of business acquired Other intangible assets, net Other assets (net of allowances for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Assets held for sale (Note 4) Total assets Liabilities Future policy benefits and expenses Unearned premiums Claims and benefits payable Commissions payable Reinsurance balances payable Funds held under reinsurance Accounts payable and other liabilities (net of allowances for credit losses of at December 31, 2022) 
 Debt Liabilities held for sale (Note 4) Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 28) Stockholders equity Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-3 

Assurant, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions except number of shares and per share amounts) Revenues Net earned premiums Fees and other income Net investment income Net realized (losses) gains on investments (including ), and ) of impairment-related (losses) gains for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively) and fair value changes to equity securities 
 
 ) ) Total revenues Benefits, losses and expenses Policyholder benefits Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses Goodwill impairment (Note 15) Interest expense Loss on extinguishment of debt (Note 19) Total benefits, losses and expenses Income from continuing operations before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (Note 4) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest ) Net income attributable to stockholders Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings Per Common Share Basic Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Diluted Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Share Data Weighted average common shares outstanding used in basic per common share calculations Plus: Dilutive securities Weighted average common shares used in diluted per common share calculations 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-4 

Assurant, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Change in net unrealized gains on securities, net of taxes of , and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively (1) 
 ) ) Change in unrealized gains on derivative transactions, net of taxes of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) ) Change in foreign currency translation, net of taxes of ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Amortization of pension and postretirement unrecognized net periodic benefit cost and change in funded status, net of taxes of ), ) and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively (2) 
 Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest ) Total comprehensive (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) 
 
 (1) million of foreign currency translation adjustments and million of net unrealized gains on investments, for a total million, net of taxes, that were recognized through income from discontinued operations upon the sale of the disposed Global Preneed business. Refer to Note 4 for further information. 
 (2) 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-5 

Assurant, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interest Total (in millions, except per share amounts) Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles, net of taxes ) ) Stock plan exercises Stock plan compensation expense Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) Acquisition of common stock ) ) ) Retirement of treasury stock ) ) ) Net income Preferred stock dividends per share) 
 ) Change in equity of non-controlling interest ) ) Acquisition of non-controlling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Stock plan exercises Stock plan compensation expense Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Acquisition of common stock ) ) ) Net income Preferred stock conversion ) ) Preferred stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Change in equity of non-controlling interest ) ) ) Acquisition of non-controlling interests ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock plan exercises Stock plan compensation expense Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Acquisition of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

Assurant, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Operating activities Net income attributable to stockholders Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Noncash revenues, expenses, gains and losses included in income: (Income) loss from discontinued operations (4) ) Deferred tax expense Depreciation and amortization Net realized losses (gains) on investments, including impairment losses ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Restructuring costs Stock based compensation expense Other intangible asset impairment Goodwill impairment Ik related charges, net of derivative gains (2) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Insurance policy reserves and expenses Premiums and accounts receivable ) ) Commissions payable ) ) Reinsurance recoverable ) ) ) Reinsurance balance payable Funds withheld under reinsurance Deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired (Note 13 and 16) ) ) ) Taxes payable (receivable) (1) ) Other assets and other liabilities ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities - discontinued operations Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Sales of: Fixed maturity securities available for sale Equity securities Other invested assets Subsidiary, net of cash transferred (4) Ik foreign currency hedge (2) Maturities, calls, prepayments, and scheduled redemption of: Fixed maturity securities available for sale Commercial mortgage loans on real estate Purchases of: Fixed maturity securities available for sale ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage loans on real estate ) ) ) Other invested assets ) ) ) Property and equipment and other ) ) ) Subsidiaries, net of cash transferred (3) ) ) ) Net cash outflow related to sale of interests in Ik and termination of put/call obligations (2) ) Consolidated investment entities: Purchases of investments ) Sale of investments Change in short-term investments ) Other Net cash used in investing activities - discontinued operations ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing activities Issuance of debt, net of issuance costs (Note 19) Repayment of debt, including tender offer premium (Note 19) ) ) Repayment of debt for consolidated investment entities ) Borrowing under unsecured revolving credit facility Payments on unsecured revolving credit facility ) Acquisition of common stock ) ) ) Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) ) Employee stock purchases and withholdings ) ) ) Proceeds repaid on transfer of rights to ACA recoverable (Note 4) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents - continuing operations ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents - discontinued operations Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Less: Cash and cash equivalents reclassified as held for sale at end of period (5) Less: Cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations at end of period Cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations at end of period Supplemental information: Income taxes paid Interest paid on debt 
 (1) million federal tax refund, which includes interest, related to the ability to carryback net operating losses to prior periods under the CARES Act. Refer to Note 12 for additional information. 
 (2) 
 (3) million in cash consideration for the acquisition of American Financial Automotive Services, Inc. AFAS ), net of million of cash acquired, million in cash consideration for the acquisition of Hyla Mobile, Inc. Hyla net of million of cash acquired, and million in total cash consideration, net of million of cash acquired for business acquisitions within the Global Lifestyle business. Amounts for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consists of million in cash consideration for the acquisition of American Lease Insurance Agency Corporation ALI ), net of million of cash acquired. Refer to Note 3 for additional information. 
 (4) million of cash transferred. For additional information, refer to Note 4. 
 (5) 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

Assurant, Inc. 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (in millions except number of shares and per share amounts) 
 INDEX OF NOTES 
 Note Number 
 Page Number 
 1. Nature of Operations 
 F- 8 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 F- 9 
 3. Acquisition 
 F- 19 
 4. Dispositions and Exit Activities 
 F- 20 
 5. Allowance for Credit Losses 
 F- 23 
 6. Segment Information 
 F- 25 
 7. Contract Revenues 
 F- 28 
 8. Investments 
 F- 29 
 9. Variable Interest Entities 
 F- 34 
 10. Fair Value Disclosures 
 F- 35 
 11. Premiums and Accounts Receivable 
 F- 42 
 12. Income Taxes 
 F- 43 
 13. Deferred Acquisition Costs 
 F- 46 
 14. Property and Equipment 
 F- 46 
 15. Goodwill 
 F- 46 
 16. VOBA and Other Intangible Assets 
 F- 48 
 17. Reserves 
 F- 49 
 18. Reinsurance 
 F- 55 
 19. Debt 
 F- 58 
 20. Equity Transactions 
 F- 61 
 21. Stock Based Compensation 
 F- 61 
 22. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 F- 65 
 23. Statutory Information 
 F- 66 
 24. Retirement and Other Employee Benefits 
 F- 68 
 25. Earnings Per Common Share 
 F- 74 
 26. Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) 
 F- 76 
 27. Restructuring and Related Impairment Charges 
 F- 77 
 28. Commitments and Contingencies 
 F- 77 
 29. Revision of Prior Period Financial Statements 
 F- 78 

1. 
 operating segments: Global Lifestyle and Global Housing. Through its Global Lifestyle segment, the Company provides mobile device solutions, extended service products and related services for consumer electronics and appliances, and credit and other insurance products (referred to as Connected Living and vehicle protection, leased and financed solutions and other related services (referred to as Global Automotive ). Through its Global Housing segment, the Company provides lender-placed homeowners insurance, lender-placed manufactured housing insurance and lender-placed flood insurance (referred to as Lender-placed Insurance renters insurance and related products (referred to as Multifamily Housing and voluntary manufactured housing insurance, voluntary homeowners insurance and other specialty products (referred to as Specialty and Other ). 
 F-8 

2. 
 
 million, million and million, respectively, of net pre-tax losses which the Company classified within underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of 
 F-9 

F-10 

days of delinquent payments (unless the loans are secured and in the process of collection). A loan may be placed on nonaccrual status before this time if information is available that suggests collection is unlikely. The Company charges off loan and accrued interest balances that are deemed uncollectible. Charge offs are recorded to net income in the period deemed uncollectible. Refer to Note 5 for further details on the allowance for credit losses on commercial mortgage loans. 
 Short-term investments include securities and other investments with durations of one year or less, but greater than three months, between the date of purchase and maturity. These amounts are reported at cost or amortized cost, which approximates fair value. 
 Other investments consist primarily of investments in joint ventures, partnerships, equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values, invested assets associated with a modified coinsurance arrangement, invested assets associated with the Assurant Investment Plan (the AIP ), the American Security Insurance Company Investment Plan (the ASIC and the Assurant Deferred Compensation Plan (the ADC ), as well as policy loans. The joint ventures and partnerships are valued according to the equity method of accounting. In applying the equity method, the Company uses financial information provided by the investee, generally on a three-month lag. The invested assets related to the modified coinsurance arrangement, the AIP, the ASIC and the ADC are classified as trading securities. Policy loans are reported at unpaid principal balances, which do not exceed the cash surrender value of the underlying policies. 
 Realized gains and losses on sales of investments are recognized on the specific identification basis. 
 Investment income is recorded as earned and reported net of investment expenses. The Company uses the interest method to recognize interest income on its commercial mortgage loans. 
 The Company anticipates prepayments of principal in the calculation of the effective yield for mortgage-backed securities and structured securities. The retrospective method is used to adjust the effective yield for the majority of the Company s mortgage-backed and structured securities. For credit-sensitive structured securities, the effective yield is recalculated on a prospective basis. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, principally related to cash deposits involving insurance programs with restrictions as to withdrawal and use, are classified within cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-11 

F-12 

years for buildings, a maximum of for furniture and a maximum of for equipment. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to income as incurred. Expenditures for improvements are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining useful life of the asset. 
 Property and equipment also include capitalized software costs, comprised of purchased software as well as certain internal and external costs incurred during the application development stage that directly relate to obtaining, developing or upgrading internal use software. Such costs are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, not to exceed years. Property and equipment are assessed for impairment when impairment indicators exist. 
 
 F-13 

All other disposed or runoff businesses (2) Short Duration Contracts: Global Lifestyle Global Housing Non-core operations (1) All other disposed or runoff businesses (2) Total 
 (1) Includes certain businesses which the Company expects to fully exit, including the long-tail commercial liability businesses (sharing economy and small commercial businesses) and certain legacy long-duration insurance policies (collectively referred to as non-core operations ), recorded in the Corporate and Other segment. 

F-14 

F-15 

, based on loss emergence experience. Mobile device protection and credit insurance are monthly policies and premium is earned on a monthly basis. 
 Premiums for lender-placed homeowners and flood insurance, Multifamily Housing, manufactured housing, are generally earned on a pro-rata basis over the term of the policies, which are typically over twelve months. 
 Premiums for the Company s previously sold long-term care insurance and traditional life insurance contracts, which are fully reinsured, are recognized as revenue when due from the policyholder. 
 Reinsurance reinstatement premiums are recognized in the same period as the loss event that gave rise to the reinstatement premium and are netted against net earned premiums in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Long Duration Contracts 
 
 F-16 

F-17 

F-18 

3. 
 million in cash. ALI is a provider of property and liability insurance products for commercial equipment and vehicles that are leased or financed. The Company recorded million of goodwill, million of other intangible assets, which are primarily dealer relationships amortizable over years, and million of VOBA, which is amortizable over years based on the earnings pattern. 
 
 F-19 

4. 
 billion in cash. The aggregate purchase price was comprised of a base purchase price of billion, adjusted for (i) the amount of Leakage (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2021, by and among the Company, Interfinancial Inc., CMFG Life Insurance Company and TruStage Global Holdings, ULC (the Equity Purchase Agreement )) paid by the disposed Global Preneed business after December 31, 2020 and at or prior to the closing of the transaction, (ii) the amount of any Transaction Related Expenses (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement) paid by the disposed Global Preneed business after the closing of the transaction, (iii) the difference between the book value of certain assets in the disposed Global Preneed business s investment portfolio as of December 31, 2020 and the value of cash paid in substitution for the fair market value of such assets by the Company and (iv) the accrual of interest on the base purchase price, as adjusted pursuant to clauses (i) to (iii), at a rate of per annum during the period beginning on January 1, 2021 and ending on the date immediately prior to the date of the closing of the transaction. The net proceeds, which is comprised of the aggregate purchase price less million of costs to sell, were billion. The net after-tax gain on the sale for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million, including million of net after-tax gains recognized from accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 
 F-20 

Equity securities at fair value Commercial mortgage loans on real estate, at amortized cost Short-term investments Other investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Premiums and accounts receivable Reinsurance recoverables Accrued investment income Deferred acquisition costs (1) Property and equipment, net Value of business acquired Other assets Assets held in separate accounts Total assets held for sale Liabilities Future policy benefits and expenses Unearned premiums (1) Claims and benefits payable Commissions payable Reinsurance balances payable Accounts payable and other liabilities Liabilities related to separate accounts Total liabilities held for sale 
 (1) Deferred acquisition costs and unearned premiums include the impact of changes in unrealized gains (losses) on the amortization. 
 F-21 

Fees and other income Net investment income Net realized gains (losses) on investments and fair value changes to equity securities ) Gain on disposal of businesses (1) Total revenues Benefits, losses and expenses Policyholder benefits Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses Goodwill impairment (2) Total benefits, losses and expenses Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes ) Benefit for income taxes (3) Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) 
 (1) The year ended December 31, 2021 includes million of pre-tax AOCI, primarily net unrealized gains on investments, that was recognized in earnings upon sale. 
 (2) During the third quarter of 2020, the Company identified impairment indicators impacting the fair value of the Global Preneed reportable segment in connection with exploring strategic alternatives for the Global Preneed business. Such impairment indicators, including the evaluation of the long-term economic performance of the segment in light of further expected declines in interest rates, triggered the requirement for an interim goodwill impairment analysis in the third quarter of 2020. The fair value, which was determined using a discounted cash flow method, was lower than the carrying value, resulting in the impairment charge of the entire goodwill of million. 
 million of tax on the AOCI that was recognized in earnings upon sale, as noted above. 
 
 John Alden Life Insurance Company 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company completed its sale of JALIC, a run-off business reported in the Corporate and Other segment. Prior to the sale, JALIC met the criteria for held for sale presentation as described above and, therefore, its assets and liabilities were recorded as held for sale in the December 31, 2021 consolidated balance sheet. The major classes of assets and liabilities held for sale included million of future policy benefits and expenses, million of reinsurance recoverables, million of other investments and million of claims and benefits payable as of December 31, 2021. 
 Most of the million reinsurance recoverables balance for JALIC, which was included in assets held for sale as of December 31, 2021, was reinsured with Employers Reassurance Corporation ERAC and was uncollateralized. A.M. Best withdrew its rating for ERAC in 2019. Following the sale of JALIC, the Company no longer has any reinsurance recoverables reinsured with ERAC. 
 Sale of Collateralized Loan Obligation Asset Management Platform 
 In July 2020, the Company sold its CLO asset management platform for million in cash consideration, resulting in a net gain of million, including costs to sell, for the year ended December 31, 2020, reported through underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company incurred additional exit related expenses of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, that were also included in underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Prior to the sale, the CLOs were VIEs that the Company consolidated. The Company retained its direct investments in the CLOs following the sale, but deconsolidated the CLOs in third quarter 2020 since it no longer acts as collateral manager and, as a result, no longer has the power to control the CLO entities. 
 Sale of Investment in Ik 
 In 2014, the Company made an approximately investment in Ik Grupo, Ik Asistencia and certain of their affiliates (collectively, Ik ), a services assistance business, for which the Company paid approximately million. At the same time, the Company also entered into a shareholders agreement that provided the right to acquire the remainder of Ik from the majority shareholders and the majority shareholders the right to put their interests in Ik to the Company (together, the put/ 
 F-22 

million pre-tax and million after-tax in the second quarter of 2020. Prior to the sale, in 2020, the Company recorded aggregate impairment losses and put/call valuation losses of million. In connection with the anticipated sale, the Company entered into a financial derivative in January 2020 that provided an economic hedge against declines in the Mexican Peso relative to the U.S. Dollar since the purchase price was to be paid in Mexican Pesos. The Company settled its position upon the sale, resulting in a cash inflow of million, and net realized (losses) gains on the derivative of million during the second quarter of 2020. 
 In total, the Company recorded a net pre-tax charge of million for the year ended December 31, 2020, included in underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2020, total impairment and put/call losses resulted in a tax benefit of million; however, this was fully offset by a valuation allowance as the realizability of the tax losses in the related tax jurisdiction is unlikely. There was tax expense of million on the income arising on the financial derivative in the second quarter of 2020, as such contract was originated in the U.S. tax jurisdiction. As such, an after-tax charge of million was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 In connection with the sale, the Company provided financing to Ik Grupo in an aggregate principal amount of million (the Ik Loan ). In April 2021, the Ik Loan was prepaid in full. 
 Assurant Health Exit Activities 
 The Company substantially completed its exit from the health insurance market as of December 31, 2016, a process that began in 2015. Between 2014 and 2016, the Company participated in the reinsurance, risk adjustment and risk corridor programs introduced by the Patient Protection and Affordable Health Care Act of 2010 ACA ). In connection with these programs, the Company held a million gross risk corridor receivable due to the Company s participation in the risk corridor program in 2015, which was reduced by a full valuation allowance because payments from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services were considered unlikely, resulting in no net receivable. In December 2018, the Company subsidiary that held the receivable rights, Time Insurance Company TIC ), was sold to a third party. In connection with the sale, the Company and TIC entered into a participation agreement (the Participation Agreement in which the Company was granted a participation interest in the future claim proceeds, if any, of the risk corridor receivable recovered by TIC. 
 The collection prospects of the risk corridor receivables began to improve following litigation challenging the legal basis for non-payment under the ACA program. This led to increasing levels of market participant interest in the purchase of the interests in such receivables, despite the remaining uncertainty of the outcome of the pending litigation. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with a third-party in which it received million in cash as consideration for all future claim proceeds, less of cash received in excess of the initial consideration of million, which would be retained by the Company. The upfront cash proceeds received by the Company in 2019 were non-recourse. The Company deemed the amount to be indicative of recovery of its interests in the risk corridor receivables and accordingly adjusted the valuation allowance by million, through a reduction to underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2019 with a corresponding increase in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2019. 
 million, net of legal and other costs, for TIC s risk corridor receivable, which was remitted to the Company pursuant to the Participation Agreement. The Company remitted million to the third party and retained million related to its share of the excess proceeds pursuant to the agreement. The Company adjusted the valuation allowance for the additional million, as partially offset by the incremental payment to the third party for the additional proceeds of million, which is accounted for similar to interest expense on the initial consideration (both recorded through underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses). 

5. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-23 

) Fixed maturity securities available for sale (1) ) Ik Loan (2) 
 ) Net realized gains (losses) on investments and fair value changes to equity securities ) Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses ) Net increase (decrease) in allowance for credit losses ) 
 (1) These securities were sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 8 for additional information. 
 
 Reinsurance Recoverables 
 As part of the Company s overall risk and capacity management strategy, reinsurance is used to mitigate certain risks underwritten by various business segments. The Company is exposed to the credit risk of reinsurers, as the Company remains liable to insureds regardless of whether related reinsurance recoverables are collected. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, reinsurance recoverables totaled billion and billion, respectively, the majority of which are protected from credit risk by various types of collateral or other risk mitigation mechanisms, such as trusts, letters of credit or by withholding the assets in a modified coinsurance or funds withheld arrangement. 
 The Company utilizes external credit ratings published by S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc., at the balance sheet date when determining the allowance. Where rates are not available, the Company assigns default credit ratings based on if the reinsurer is authorized or unauthorized. Of the total recoverables subject to the allowance, were rated A- or better, were rated BBB or BB and were not rated based on the Company s analysis and assigned ratings for the year ended December 31, 2022; and were rated A- or better, were rated BBB or BB, and were not rated based on the Company s analysis and assigned ratings for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Current period change for credit losses ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Current period change for credit losses Other Balance, December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the current period change for credit losses was million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the current period change for credit losses was ) million, primarily due to an increase in collateral held as security under the reinsurance agreements. When determining the allowance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not increase default probabilities by reinsurer since there had been no credit rating downgrades or major negative credit indications of the Company s reinsurers that has impacted rating. The allowance may be increased and income reduced in future periods if there are future ratings downgrades or other measurable information supporting an increase in reinsurer default probabilities, including collateral reductions. 
 Premium and Accounts Receivables 
 The Company is exposed to credit risk from premiums and other accounts receivables. For premiums receivable, the exposure to loss upon a default is often mitigated by the ability to terminate the policy on default and offset the corresponding unearned premium liability. The Company has other mitigating offsets from amounts payable on commissions and profit share arrangements when the counterparty to the receivable is a sponsor/agent of the Company s insurance product. 
 
 F-24 

Current period change for credit losses ) ) ) Recoveries ) ) ) Write-offs ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Current period change for credit losses ) Write-offs ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the current period change for credit losses was million, primarily due to an increase for sharing economy in Corporate and Other. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the current period change for credit losses was ) million. There is a risk that income may be reduced in future periods for additional credit losses. 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the current period change for credit losses was million and ) million, respectively. Refer to Notes 2 and 8 for additional information on commercial mortgage loans. 
 Available for Sale Securities 
 There was allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as these securities were sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to Notes 2 and 8 for additional information on available for sale securities. 
 High Deductible Recoverables 
 million. 

6. 
 reportable segments: Global Lifestyle, Global Housing and Corporate and Other. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income from continuing operations, excluding net realized gains (losses) on investments and fair value changes to equity securities, COVID-19 direct and incremental expenses, loss on extinguishment of debt, non-core operations (defined above), net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests, interest expense, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation expense, amortization of purchased intangible assets, restructuring 
 F-25 

million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The legacy long-duration insurance policies included in non-core operations and previously reported through the Company s Global Lifestyle segment, generated Adjusted EBITDA of million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA was also revised for an error related to reinsurance of claims and benefits payable within the Connected Living business unit in the Global Lifestyle segment, and for other unrelated immaterial errors. See Note 2 for more information. 
 Subsequent Event 
 Effective January 1, 2023, the Company realigned the composition of its reportable segments to correspond with changes to its operating structure. As a result, the Global Housing segment is now comprised of two key lines of business, Homeowners, and Renters and Other. Certain specialty products, mainly the Leased and Financed business, previously reported in the Global Housing segment will now be reported in Global Lifestyle to better align with the Company s go-to-market strategy. This realignment has no impact on the Company s consolidated results and will be reflected beginning with first quarter 2023 reporting. 
 Global Housing Corporate and Other ) ) ) Reconciling items to consolidated net income from continuing operations: Interest expense ) ) ) Depreciation expense ) ) ) Amortization of purchased intangible assets ) ) ) Net realized (losses) gains on investments and fair value changes to equity securities ) ) COVID-19 direct and incremental expenses ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Non-core operations (1) ) ) Restructuring costs ) ) Other adjustments ) ) ) Income attributable to non-controlling interests Total reconciling items ) ) ) Income from continuing operations before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest ) Net income attributable to stockholders Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 (1) Includes goodwill impairment of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 15 for additional information. 
 F-26 

Foreign countries Total 2021 United States Foreign countries Total 2020 United States Foreign countries Total 
 
 Revenue is based in the country where the product was sold and the physical location of long-lived assets, which are primarily property and equipment. 
 Global Automotive Total Global Housing: Lender-placed Insurance Multifamily Housing Specialty and Other Total 
 (1) Effective January 1, 2022, the Connected Living line of business includes the previous Global Financial Services and Other line of business. Prior period amounts have been revised to reflect this change. 
 Net earned premiums, fees and other income from non-core operations were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Global Housing (1) Corporate and Other (2) Segment assets 
 (1) Segment assets for Global Lifestyle and Global Housing do not include net unrealized gains (losses) on securities attributable to those segments, which are all included within Corporate and Other. 
 (2) Includes the assets for non-core operations of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 F-27 

7. 
 billion, billion and million for Global Lifestyle and million, million and million for Global Housing for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Global Lifestyle 
 In the Company s Global Lifestyle segment, revenues from service contracts and sales of products are primarily from the Company s Connected Living business. Through partnerships with mobile device carriers, the Company provides administrative services related to its mobile device protection products, including program design and marketing strategy, risk management, data analytics, customer support and claims handling, supply chain and service delivery, repair and logistics, and device disposition. Administrative fees are generally billed monthly based on the volume of services provided during the billing period (for example, based on the number of mobile subscribers) with payment due within a short-term period. Each service or bundle of services, depending on the contract, is an individual performance obligation with a standalone selling price. The Company recognizes revenue as it invoices, which corresponds to the value transferred to the customer. 
 The Company also repairs, refurbishes and then sells mobile and other electronic devices, on behalf of its client, for a bundled per unit fee. The entire processing of the device is considered one performance obligation with a standalone selling price and thus, the per unit fee is recognized when the products are sold. Payments are generally due prior to shipment or within a short-term period. 
 Global Housing 
 In the Company s Global Housing segment, revenues from service contracts and sales of products are primarily from the Company s Lender-placed Insurance business. Under the Company s Lender-placed Insurance business, the Company provides loan and claim payment tracking services for lenders. The Company generally invoices its customers weekly or monthly based on the volume of services provided during the billing period with payment due within a short-term period. Each service is an individual performance obligation with a standalone selling price. The Company recognizes revenue as it invoices, which corresponds to the value transferred to the customer. 
 Contract Balances 
 The receivables and unearned revenue under these contracts were million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. These balances are included in premiums and accounts receivable and the accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheets. Revenue from service contracts and sales of products recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that was included in unearned revenue as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were million and million, respectively. 
 million and million, respectively, of such intangible assets that will be expensed over the term of the client contracts. 
 
 F-28 

8. 
 ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions ) Foreign governments ) Asset-backed ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) Residential mortgage-backed ) U.S. corporate ) Foreign corporate ) Total fixed maturity securities ) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Cost or Amortized Cost Allowances for Credit Losses Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Fixed maturity securities: U.S. government and government agencies and authorities ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions ) Foreign governments ) Asset-backed ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) Residential mortgage-backed ) U.S. corporate ) Foreign corporate ) Total fixed maturity securities ) 

F-29 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total Asset-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Residential mortgage-backed Total 
 
 Equity securities Commercial mortgage loans on real estate Short-term investments Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Revenues from consolidated investment entities (1) Total investment income Investment expenses ) ) ) Expenses from consolidated investment entities (1) ) Net investment income 
 (1) The following table shows the revenues net of expenses from consolidated investment entities for the periods indicated. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment income (loss) from direct investments in: Real estate funds (1) CLO entities Investment management fees Net investment income from consolidated investment entities 
 (1) The investment income from the real estate funds includes income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest of million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 material investments of the Company were non-income producing for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 F-30 

Gross realized gains Gross realized losses ) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) on investments from sales of fixed maturity securities ) 
 
 For securities sold at a loss during the year ended December 31, 2022, the average period of time these securities were trading continuously at a price below book value was approximately months.) Equity securities (1) (2) ) Commercial mortgage loans on real estate ) ) Other investments Consolidated investment entities (3) ) Total net realized (losses) gains on investments and fair value changes to equity securities related to sales and other ) Net realized (losses) gains related to impairments: Fixed maturity securities (4) ) ) Other investments (1) ) ) ) Total net realized (losses) gains related to impairments ) ) Total net realized (losses) gains on investments and fair value changes to equity securities ) ) 
 
 (1) Upward adjustments of million, million and million and impairments of million, million, and million were realized on equity investments accounted for under the measurement alternative for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) The years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included million in realized and unrealized losses and million of unrealized gains, respectively, from four equity positions that went public during 2021. The total fair value of these equity securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, included in equity securities in the consolidated balance sheet. Prior to going public, these equity positions were accounted for under the equity measurement alternative guidance and reported within other investments in the consolidated balance sheet and the fair value was million as of December 31, 2020. 
 (3) Consists of net realized losses from the change in fair value of the Company s direct investment in CLOs prior to sale of the CLO asset management platform in 2020. 
 million on fixed maturity securities available for sale for the year ended December 31, 2020. Specific securities, for which the reserve was established, were sold during the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in the elimination of the million allowance for credit losses. Less: Net realized gains (losses) related to sales of equity securities ) Total fair value changes to equity securities held ) 
 Equity investments accounted for under the measurement alternative are included within other investments on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-31 

Cumulative upward adjustments Cumulative downward adjustments (including impairments) ) ) Carrying value 
 ) ) ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions ) ) ) Foreign governments ) ) ) Asset-backed ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed ) ) ) U.S. corporate ) ) ) Foreign corporate ) ) ) Total fixed maturity securities ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months 12 Months or More Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fixed maturity securities: U.S. government and government agencies and authorities ) ) States, municipalities and political subdivisions ) ) Foreign governments ) ) ) Asset-backed ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed ) ) ) U.S. corporate ) ) ) Foreign corporate ) ) ) Total fixed maturity securities ) ) ) 
 
 Total gross unrealized losses represented approximately and of the aggregate fair value of the related securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Approximately and of these gross unrealized losses had been in a continuous loss position for less than twelve months as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total gross unrealized losses are comprised of and individual securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In accordance with its policy, the Company concluded that for these securities, the gross unrealized losses as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were related to non-credit factors and therefore, did not recognize credit-related losses during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company currently does not intend to and is not required to sell these investments prior to an anticipated recovery in value. 
 
 F-32 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total Asset-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Residential mortgage-backed Total 
 
 The Company has entered into commercial mortgage loans, collateralized by the underlying real estate, on properties located throughout the U.S. As of December 31, 2022, approximately of the outstanding principal balance of commercial mortgage loans was concentrated in the states of Texas, California and Maryland. Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, an economic downturn could have an adverse impact on the ability of its debtors to repay their loans. The outstanding balance of commercial mortgage loans range in size from million to million as of December 31, 2022 and from million to million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Credit quality indicators for commercial mortgage loans are loan-to-value and debt-service coverage ratios. The loan-to-value ratio compares the principal amount of the loan to the fair value of the underlying property collateralizing the loan, and is commonly expressed as a percentage. The debt-service coverage ratio compares a property s net operating income to its debt-service payments and is commonly expressed as a ratio. The loan-to-value and debt-service coverage ratios are generally updated annually in the fourth quarter. 
 71 to 80 81 to 95 Greater than 95 Total December 31, 2022 Origination Year 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Total of Total Debt service coverage ratios (2): Greater than 2.0 1.5 to 2.0 1.0 to 1.5 Less than 1.0 Total 
 F-33 

71 to 80 81 to 95 Greater than 95 Total December 31, 2021 Origination Year 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Total of Total Debt service coverage ratios (2): Greater than 2.0 1.5 to 2.0 1.0 to 1.5 Less than 1.0 Total 
 (1) LTV ratio derived from current loan balance divided by the fair value of the property. The fair value of the underlying commercial properties is updated at least annually. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had mortgage loan commitments outstanding of approximately million. 
 The Company had short-term investments and fixed maturity securities of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on deposit with various governmental authorities as required by law. 

9. 
 million and million, respectively. The Company s unfunded commitments were million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 F-34 

10. 
 
 F-35 

States, municipalities and political subdivisions Foreign governments Asset-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Residential mortgage-backed U.S. corporate Foreign corporate Equity securities: Mutual funds Common stocks Non-redeemable preferred stocks Short-term investments (2) (3) Other investments (1) Cash equivalents (2) (3) Assets held in separate accounts (1) (3) Total financial assets Financial Liabilities Other liabilities (1) (5) Liabilities related to separate accounts (1) (3) Total financial liabilities 
 F-36 

States, municipalities and political subdivisions Foreign governments Asset-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Residential mortgage-backed U.S. corporate Foreign corporate Equity securities: Mutual funds Common stocks (6) Non-redeemable preferred stocks Short-term investments (2) Other investments (1) Cash equivalents (2) (3) Other assets (4) Assets held in separate accounts (1) (3) Total financial assets Financial Liabilities Other liabilities (1) (5) Liabilities related to separate accounts (1) (3) Total financial liabilities 
 (1) Primarily includes mutual funds and related obligations. 
 (2) Primarily includes money market funds. 
 (3) Primarily includes fixed maturity securities and related obligations. 
 (4) Primarily includes derivatives. 
 (5) Includes contingent consideration liabilities and other derivatives. 
 (6) These equity securities are subject to lock up agreements and therefore an illiquidity discount was applied to the exchange traded price, which includes significant unobservable inputs. 

F-37 

) ) U.S. corporate ) ) Foreign corporate ) ) Equity Securities Common stock ) ) Other investments Financial Liabilities Other liabilities ) ) ) Total level 3 assets and liabilities ) ) ) ) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Balance, beginning of period Total gains (losses) (realized/ unrealized) included in earnings (1) Net unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income (2) Purchases Sales Transfers in (3) Transfers out (3) Balance, end of period Financial Assets Fixed Maturity Securities Foreign governments ) Asset-backed ) Commercial mortgage-backed ) ) U.S. corporate ) ) ) Foreign corporate ) ) ) Equity Securities Common stock (4) Non-redeemable preferred stocks ) Other investments Financial Liabilities Other liabilities ) ) ) Total level 3 assets and liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Included as part of net realized gains on investments, excluding other-than-temporary impairment losses, in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) Included as part of change in unrealized gains on securities in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 
 (3) Transfers are primarily attributable to changes in the availability of observable market information and the re-evaluation of the observability of valuation inputs. 
 (4) million of transfers in represents the cost basis of common stock received through special purpose acquisition company mergers. 
 Three different valuation techniques can be used in determining fair value for financial assets and liabilities: the market, income or cost approaches. The three valuation techniques described in the fair value measurements and disclosures guidance are consistent with generally accepted valuation methodologies. 
 The market approach valuation techniques use prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. When possible, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets are used as of the period-end date (such as for mutual funds and money market funds). Otherwise, the Company uses valuation techniques consistent with the market approach including matrix pricing and comparables. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique employed principally to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for those securities but, rather, relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted securities. Market approach valuation techniques often use market multiples derived from a set of comparables. Multiples might lie in ranges with a different multiple for each comparable. The selection of where within the range the appropriate multiple falls requires judgment, considering both qualitative and quantitative factors specific to the measurement. 
 F-38 

F-39 

million and million, respectively, of fixed maturity and equity securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Level 3 fixed maturity securities and equities securities are priced using non-binding third-party quotes, for which the underlying quantitative inputs are not developed by the Company and are not readily available or observable. As of December 31, 2021, million of the common stock equity securities were priced using a model that incorporates time to exit, discount rate and volatility to calculate fair values which include a discount associated with lock up agreements. The remaining Level 3 fixed maturity securities and equities securities were priced using non-binding third-party quotes. 
 Other investments and other liabilities: The Company prices swaptions and options using a Black-Scholes pricing model incorporating third-party market data, including swap volatility data. The Company prices credit default swaps using non-binding quotes obtained from third-party broker-dealers recognized as market participants. Inputs factored into the non-binding quotes include market observable trades related to the actual credit default swap being priced, trades in comparable credit default swaps, quality of the issuer, structure and liquidity. 
 The fair value of the contingent consideration is estimated using a discounted cash flow model. Inputs may include future business performance, earn out caps, and applicable discount rates. 
 Management evaluates the following factors in order to determine whether the market for a financial asset is inactive. The factors include: 
 whether there are few recent transactions, 
 whether little information is released publicly, 
 whether the available prices vary significantly over time or among market participants, 
 whether the prices are stale (i.e., not current), and 
 the magnitude of the bid-ask spread. 
 Illiquidity did not have a material impact in the fair value determination of the Company s financial assets as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 The Company generally obtains one price for each financial asset. The Company performs a periodic analysis to assess if the evaluated prices represent a reasonable estimate of the financial assets fair values. This process involves quantitative and qualitative analysis and is overseen by investment and accounting professionals. Examples of procedures performed include initial and on-going review of pricing service methodologies, review of the prices received from the pricing service, review of pricing statistics and trends, and comparison of prices for certain securities with two different appropriate price sources for reasonableness. Following this analysis, the Company generally uses the best estimate of fair value based upon all available inputs. On infrequent occasions, a non-pricing service source may be more familiar with the market activity for a particular security than the pricing service. In these cases the price used is taken from the non-pricing service source. The pricing service provides information to indicate which securities were priced using market observable inputs so that the Company can properly categorize the Company s financial assets in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Disclosures for Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 The Company also measures the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, generally on an annual basis, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may be affected. These assets include commercial mortgage loans, equity investments accounted for under the measurement alternative, goodwill and finite-lived intangible assets. 
 In 2022 and 2021, as a result of third-party market observable transactions that were of the same issuer and determined to be similar, the Company marked certain of its equity investments accounted for under the measurement alternative to fair value. The carrying value of investments under the measurement alternative marked to fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. Given the significant unobservable inputs involved in valuation of these investments, they are classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Generally, these valuations utilize the market approach, or an option pricing model backsolve method, which is a valuation approach that can be used to determine the value of common shares for companies with complex capital structures in which there have not been any recent transactions involving common shares. Inputs include capitalization tables, investment past and future performance projections, time to exit, discount rate and volatility based upon an appropriate industry group. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded fair value increases of million related to market observable transactions of investments. 
 F-40 

million related to market observable transactions of investments and a fair value decrease of million related to market observable transaction. 
 In 2022 and 2021, as a result of a qualitative analysis indicating an impairment existed, the Company performed a quantitative analysis utilizing a probability weighted scenario model and determined certain investments were impaired. Model inputs include capitalization tables, investment past and future company performance projections, and discount rate. Based upon model outputs, impairments of million and million were recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Refer to Note 15 for the results of the 2022 goodwill impairment testing. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments Disclosures 
 The financial instruments guidance requires disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, for which it is practicable to estimate such fair value. Therefore, it requires fair value disclosure for financial instruments that are not recognized or are not carried at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. However, this guidance excludes certain financial instruments, including those related to insurance contracts and those accounted for under the equity method (such as partnerships). 
 For the financial instruments included within the following financial assets and financial liabilities, the carrying value in the consolidated balance sheets equals or approximates fair value. Please refer to the Fair Values Inputs and Valuation Techniques for Financial Assets and Liabilities Disclosures section above for additional information on the financial instruments included within the following financial assets and financial liabilities and the methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value: 
 Cash and cash equivalents; 
 Fixed maturity securities; 
 Equity securities; 
 Short-term investments; 
 Other investments; 
 Other assets; 
 Assets held in separate accounts; 
 Other liabilities; and 
 Liabilities related to separate accounts. 
 In estimating the fair value of the financial instruments that are not recognized or are not carried at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, the Company used the following methods and assumptions: 
 Commercial mortgage loans on real estate : The fair value of commercial mortgage loans on real estate utilizes a third-party matrix pricing model. For fixed rate loans, the matrix process uses a yield buildup approach to create a pricing yield, with components for base yield, credit quality spread, property type spread, and a weighted average life spread. Floating rate loans are priced with a target quality spread over the swap curve. A dollar price for each loan is derived from the pricing yield or spread by a discounted cash flow methodology. 
 Other investments: Other investments include low income housing tax credits, business debentures, and credit tenant loans which are recorded at cost or amortized cost, as well as policy loans. The carrying value reported for these investments approximates fair value. 
 Other assets: The carrying value of dealer loans approximates fair value. 
 Policy reserves under investment products : The fair values for the Company s policy reserves under investment products are determined using discounted cash flow analysis. Key inputs to the valuation include projections of policy cash flows, reserve runoff, market yields and risk margins. 
 Funds held under reinsurance: The carrying value reported approximates fair value due to the short maturity of the instruments. 
 Debt: The fair value of debt is based upon matrix pricing performed by the pricing service utilizing the standard inputs. 
 F-41 

Other investments Other assets Total financial assets Financial Liabilities Policy reserves under investment products (Individual and group annuities, subject to discretionary withdrawal) (1) Funds held under reinsurance Debt Total financial liabilities 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value 
 Carrying Value Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial Assets Commercial mortgage loans on real estate Other investments Other assets Total financial assets Financial Liabilities Policy reserves under investment products (Individual and group annuities, subject to discretionary withdrawal) (1) Funds held under reinsurance Debt Total financial liabilities 
 (1) Only the fair value of the Company s policy reserves for investment-type contracts (those without significant mortality or morbidity risk) are reflected in the tables above. 

11. 
 Other receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total 
 
 F-42 

12. 
 Foreign Total pre-tax income) ) Foreign Total current expense (benefit) ) Deferred expense (benefit): Federal and state Foreign ) Total deferred expense (benefit) Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 
 The provision for foreign taxes includes amounts attributable to income from U.S. possessions that are considered foreign under U.S. tax laws. International operations of the Company are subject to income taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which they operate. 
 Reconciling items: Non-taxable investment income ) ) ) Foreign earnings (1) Non-deductible compensation Change in liability for prior year tax (2) ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance (3) ) ) Net operating loss carryback - CARES Act (4) ) Other Effective income tax rate: 
 
 (1) Results for 2022, 2021, and 2020 primarily include the impact of foreign earnings taxed at different rates. 
 (2) The change in liability for prior year tax is primarily related to a foreign derived intangible income FDII benefit of million taken on an amended 2019 income tax return. 
 (3) The change in valuation allowance in 2020 is primarily related to an additional valuation allowance of million related to Ik . 
 (4) The CARES Act includes a five year net operating loss NOL carryback provision, which enabled the Company to benefit from certain losses and remeasure certain deferred tax assets and liabilities at the former federal tax rate of 35 . In 2020, the Company recorded a tax benefit related to the NOL carryback provision. 
 
 F-43 

) ) Additions based on tax positions related to the current year ) ) ) Reductions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Reductions for tax positions of prior years Lapses Balance at end of year ) ) ) 
 
 Total unrecognized tax benefits of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which includes interest and penalties, would impact the Company s consolidated effective tax rate if recognized. The liability for unrecognized tax benefits is included in accounts payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company s continuing practice is to recognize interest expense related to income tax matters in income tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized approximately million, ) million and million, respectively, of interest expense (benefit) related to income tax matters. The Company had million, million and million of interest accrued as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company had penalties accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and million of penalties accrued as of December 31, 2020. 
 The Company does not anticipate any significant increase or decrease of unrecognized tax benefit within the next 12 months. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company has substantially concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters for years through 2015. Substantially all non-U.S. income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2010, and all state and local income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2008. 
 
 F-44 

Net operating loss carryforwards Investments, net Net unrealized appreciation on securities Credit carryforwards Employee and post-retirement benefits Compensation related Capital loss carryforwards Other Total deferred tax assets Less valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred Tax Liabilities Deferred acquisition costs ) ) Investments, net ) Net unrealized appreciation on securities ) Intangible assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 A cumulative valuation allowance of million existed as of December 31, 2022 based on management s assessment that it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets attributable to international subsidiaries will not be realized. 
 The Company s ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income of the same character within the carryback or carryforward periods. In assessing future taxable income, the Company considered all sources of taxable income available to realize its deferred tax asset, including the future reversal of existing temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, taxable income in carryback years and tax-planning strategies. If changes occur in the assumptions underlying the Company s tax planning strategies or in the scheduling of the reversal of the Company s deferred tax liabilities, the valuation allowance may need to be adjusted in the future. 
 Other than for certain wholly owned Canadian and Latin American subsidiaries, the Company plans to indefinitely reinvest the earnings in other jurisdictions. Under current U.S. tax law, no material income taxes are anticipated on future repatriation of earnings. Therefore, deferred taxes have not been provided . 
 Global intangible low taxed income GILTI ): The TCJA creates a new requirement that certain income (i.e., GILTI) earned by controlled foreign corporations CFCs must be included currently in the gross income of the CFCs U.S. shareholder. GILTI is the excess of the U.S. shareholder s net CFC tested income over 10 of the aggregate of the U.S. shareholder s pro rata share of the qualified business asset investment of each CFC with respect to which it is a U.S. shareholder. Under GAAP, the Company is allowed to make an accounting policy election of either (1) treating taxes due on future U.S. inclusions in taxable income related to GILTI as a current-period expense when incurred or (2) factoring such amounts into the company s measurement of its deferred taxes. The Company has elected to recognize the current tax on GILTI as a period expense in the period the tax is incurred. Under this policy, the Company has not provided deferred taxes related to temporary differences that upon their reversal will affect the amount of income subject to GILTI in the period. The GILTI current period expense is immaterial. 
 F-45 

Foreign net operating loss carryforwards (2) 
 (1) Of the million as of December 31, 2022, million of net operating losses expires between 2035 and 2038. 
 (2) Of the million as of December 31, 2022, million expires between 2022 and 2037, and million has an unlimited carryforward. 

13. 
 Costs deferred Amortization ) ) ) Ending balance 

14. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Software Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense is included in underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

15. 
 reporting units consisting of reporting units within the Global Lifestyle operating segment, including Connected Living, Global Automotive and Global Financial Services, as well as Global Housing (whereby the reporting unit for impairment testing was at the operating segment level). In second quarter of 2022, million of goodwill, previously included in Global Housing, was allocated to the sharing economy and small commercial businesses which are now included within non-core operations in Corporate and Other. 
 
 Quantitative Impairment Testing 
 For the annual October 1, 2022 goodwill impairment test, the Company performed quantitative tests for all reporting units with goodwill (Connected Living, Global Automotive, Global Financial Services and Global Housing). 
 The following describes the various valuation methodologies used in the quantitative test which were weighted using our judgment as to which were the most representative in determining the estimated fair value of the reporting units. 
 F-46 

million. The goodwill impairment charge is reported separately in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, with a corresponding reduction to goodwill in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Acquisitions (3) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 (2) 
 Acquisitions (3) Impairments (4) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other (4) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (2) 

(1) As of December 31, 2022, million, million and million of goodwill was assigned to the Connected Living, Global Automotive and Global Financial Services reporting unit, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, million, million and million of goodwill was assigned to the Connected Living, Global Automotive and Global Financial Services reporting unit, respectively. 
 (2) Consolidated goodwill reflects million of accumulated impairment losses at December 31, 2022 and million of accumulated impairment losses at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) The change during the year ended December 31, 2021 includes the application of measurement period adjustments, mainly related to the 2020 Hyla acquisition. The change during the year ended December 31, 2022 includes goodwill from the acquisition of ALI and a less significant acquisition. For further information, refer to Note 3. 
 (4) The change during the year ended December 31, 2022 includes million of goodwill being moved from Global Housing to Corporate and Other as part of the transfer of the sharing economy and small commercial businesses, previously reported through the Company s Global Housing segment. 
 
 F-47 

16. 
 Additions Amortization, net of interest accrued ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other ) ) Ending balance 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding VOBA balance is primarily related to the 2018 acquisition of TWG within the Global Lifestyle segment. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 ) ) Operating intangible assets ) ) Total finite-lived intangible assets ) ) Total indefinite-lived intangible assets Total other intangible assets ) ) 
 Purchased intangible assets primarily consist of contract based and customer related intangibles related to acquisitions over the past few years. Operating intangible assets primarily consist of customer related intangibles. These intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives. 
 Operating intangible assets Total 
 
 F-48 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total other intangible assets with finite lives 

17. 
 F-49 

to , except for a limited number of policies with guaranteed crediting rates of ; all annuity policies are past the surrender charge period; crediting interest rates on universal life fund are at guaranteed rates of to ; and universal life funds are subject to surrender charges that vary by product, age, sex, year of issue, risk class, face amount and grade to zero over a period not longer than years. 
 Reserve Roll Forward 
 million of reserves below the deductible that it would be responsible for if the clients were to default on their contractual obligation to pay the deductible. Refer to Note 5 for more information on the evaluation of the credit risk exposure from these recoverables. 
 Since unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses are estimates, the Company s actual losses incurred may be more or less than the Company s previously developed estimates, which is referred to as either unfavorable or favorable development, respectively. 
 The best estimate of ultimate loss and loss adjustment expenses is generally selected from a blend of methods that are applied consistently each period. There have been no significant changes in the methodologies and assumptions utilized in estimating the liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses for any of the periods presented. 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Claims and benefits payable, at beginning of year Less: Reinsurance ceded and other ) ) ) Net claims and benefits payable, at beginning of year Incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses related to: Current year Prior years ) ) Total incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses Paid losses and loss adjustment expenses related to: Current year Prior years Total paid losses and loss adjustment expenses Net claims and benefits payable, at end of year Plus: Reinsurance ceded and other (1) (2) Claims and benefits payable, at end of year (1) 
 (1) Includes reinsurance recoverables and claims and benefits payable of million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which were ceded to the U.S. government. The Company acts as an administrator for the U.S. government under the voluntary National Flood Insurance Program. 
 (2) The balance reflects a million transfer to liabilities held for sale as of December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 4 for additional information. 
 
 A comparison of net (favorable) unfavorable prior year development is shown below across the Company s current and former segments and businesses. 
 F-50 

) ) Global Housing ) Non-core operations All Other ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 The Company experienced net unfavorable loss development for the year ended December 31, 2022 and net favorable loss development for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Global Lifestyle experienced similar amounts of net favorable development in 2022, 2021 and 2020 of million, million and million, respectively. Global Housing experienced net unfavorable loss development of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily due to lender-placed homeowners insurance affected by longer claim settlement lags and inflationary impacts. Global Housing experienced net favorable development of million in 2020, primarily attributable to prior year reportable catastrophes. The non-core operations, which includes the sharing economy and small commercial businesses, contributed net unfavorable loss development of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. A more detailed explanation of the claims development from Global Lifestyle, Global Housing and non-core operations is presented below, including claims development by accident year. Reserves for the longer-tail property and casualty coverages included in All Other (e.g., asbestos, environmental and other general liability) had no material changes in estimated amounts for claims incurred in prior years. 
 The following tables represent the Global Lifestyle, Global Housing and non-core operations incurred claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance, less cumulative paid claims and allocated claim adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance to reconcile to total claims and benefits payable, net of reinsurance as of December 31, 2022. The tables provide undiscounted information about claims development by accident year for the significant short duration claims and benefits payable balances. 
 The following factors are relevant to the loss development information included in the tables below: 
 Table Presentation: The tables are organized by accident year. For certain categories of claims and for reinsurance recoverables, losses may sometimes be reclassified to an earlier or later accident year as more information about the date of occurrence becomes available to us. These reclassifications are shown as development in the respective years in the tables below. Predominantly, the Company writes short-tail lines that are written on an occurrence basis. Five years of claims development information is provided since most of the claims are fully developed after five years, as shown in the average payout ratio tables. 
 Table Groupings: The groupings have homogeneous risk characteristics with similar development patterns and would generally be subject to similar trends and reflect our reportable segments. 
 Impact of Reinsurance: The reinsurance program varies by exposure type. Historically, the Company has leveraged facultative and treaty reinsurance, both on pro-rata and excess of loss basis. The reinsurance program may change from year to year, which may affect the comparability of the data presented in the tables. 
 IBNR: Includes development from past reported losses in IBNR. 
 Information excluded from tables: Unallocated loss adjustment expenses are excluded from the tables. 
 Foreign exchange rates: The loss development for operations outside of the U.S. is presented for all accident years using the current exchange rates at December 31, 2022. Although this approach requires restating all prior accident year information, the changes in exchange rates do not impact incurred and paid loss development trends. 
 Acquisitions: Includes acquisitions from all accident years presented in the tables. For purposes of this disclosure, we have applied the retrospective method for the acquired reserves, including incurred and paid claim development histories throughout the relevant tables. It should be noted that historical reserves for the acquired business were established by the acquired companies using methods, assumptions and procedures then in effect which may differ from our current reserving bases. Accordingly, it may not be appropriate to extrapolate future reserve adequacy based on the aggregated historical results shown in the tables. 
 Dispositions: Excludes dispositions from all accident years presented in the tables. 
 F-51 

2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 Unaudited 2019 Unaudited 2020 Unaudited 2021 Unaudited 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding claims and benefits payable before 2018, net of reinsurance Claims and benefits payable, net of reinsurance 
 
 (1) Includes a provision for development on case reserves. 
 (2) Number of paid claims plus open (pending) claims. Claim count information related to ceded reinsurance is not reflected as it cannot be reasonably defined or quantified, given that the Company s reinsurance includes non-proportional treaties. 
 
 Using the December 31, 2022 foreign exchange rates for all years, Global Lifestyle experienced million of net favorable loss development for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net favorable loss development of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are based on the change in net incurred losses from the claims development tables above, plus additional impacts from accident years prior to 2018. Many of these contracts and products contain retrospective commission (profit sharing) provisions that would result in offsetting increases or decreases in expense dependent on if the development was favorable or unfavorable. 
 F-52 

million, ) million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The claims development tables above remove the impact due to changing foreign exchange rates over time for comparability. 
 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 Unaudited 2019 Unaudited 2020 Unaudited 2021 Unaudited 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding claims and benefits payable before 2018, net of reinsurance Claims and benefits payable, net of reinsurance 
 
 (1) Includes a provision for development on case reserves. 
 (2) Number of paid claims plus open (pending) claims. Claim frequency is determined at a claimant reporting level. Depending on the nature of the product and related coverage triggers, it is possible for a claimant to contribute multiple claim counts in a given policy period. Claim count information related to ceded reinsurance is not reflected as it cannot be reasonably defined or quantified, given that the Company s reinsurance includes non-proportional treaties. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Global Housing experienced million of net unfavorable loss development, compared to net unfavorable loss development of million and net favorable loss development of million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are based on the change in net incurred losses from the claims development data above, plus additional impacts from accident years prior to 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net unfavorable development for Global Housing was attributable to lender placed homeowners insurance due to rising loss costs from inflation impacting recent accident years coupled with lengthening claim settlement lags, and Tropical Storm Eta development from accident year 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net unfavorable development for 
 F-53 

2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 
 Cumulative Paid Claims and Allocated Claim Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance Years Ended December 31, Accident Year 2018 Unaudited 2019 Unaudited 2020 Unaudited 2021 Unaudited 2022 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total Outstanding claims and benefits payable before 2018, net of reinsurance Claims and benefits payable, net of reinsurance 
 
 (1) Includes a provision for development on case reserves. 
 (2) Number of paid claims plus open (pending) claims. Claim frequency is determined at a claimant reporting level. Depending on the nature of the product and related coverage triggers, it is possible for a claimant to contribute multiple claim counts in a given policy period. Claim count information related to ceded reinsurance is not reflected as it cannot be reasonably defined or quantified, given that the Company s reinsurance includes non-proportional treaties. 
 
 F-54 

million, million, and million, including million, million and million from small commercial and million, million and million from sharing economy products, respectively. The Company stopped writing new small commercial business in 2019 and the claims are in runoff. Small commercial reserves were strengthened in 2021 for the 2018 and 2019 accident years following unfavorable trends in case-incurred development on prior reported liability claims and social inflation concerns. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net unfavorable development from sharing economy was driven by emerging adverse claim development trends on known claims as well as reserve assumption revisions to reflect relevant industry benchmarks. Both sharing economy and small commercial experienced unfavorable development in 2022 on known claims driven by social inflation and the release of the backlog from courts reopening after COVID-19. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net unfavorable development for sharing economy products and small commercial was due to reserve strengthening associated with prior reported claims and was across multiple accident years. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the net unfavorable development on sharing economy was driven by an unprofitable client that was discontinued. 
 
 Global Housing Non-core operations Other short-duration insurance lines (1) Disposed business short-duration insurance lines (Assurant Health) Claims and benefits payable, net of reinsurance Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims Global Lifestyle (2) Global Housing Non-core operations Other short-duration insurance lines (1) Disposed business short-duration insurance lines (Assurant Employee Benefits and Assurant Health) Total reinsurance recoverable on unpaid claims Insurance lines other than short-duration (3) Unallocated claim adjustment expense Total claims and benefits payable 
 (1) Asbestos and pollution reserves represents million of the other short-duration insurance lines, with million recoveries. 
 (2) Disposed of property and casualty business represents million of the million in reinsurance recoverables for Global Lifestyle. 

18. 
 
 F-55 

Ceded unearned premium Ceded claims and benefits payable Ceded paid losses Total 
 
 A key credit quality indicator for reinsurance is the A.M. Best Company A.M. Best financial strength ratings of the reinsurer. A.M. Best financial strength ratings are an independent opinion of a reinsurer s ability to meet ongoing obligations to policyholders. The A.M. Best ratings for the reinsurers in new reinsurance agreements where there is material credit exposure are reviewed at the time of execution. The A.M. Best ratings for existing reinsurance agreements are reviewed on a quarterly basis, or sooner based on developments. 
 A or A- B++ or B+ Not Rated (1) Total Less: Allowance ) ) ) ) ) Net reinsurance recoverable 
 (1) Not Rated ceded claims and benefits payable included reinsurance recoverables of million as of December 31, 2022 which were ceded to the U.S. government. The Company acts as an administrator for the U.S. government under the voluntary National Flood Insurance Program. 
 
 A substantial portion of the Not Rated category is related to Global Lifestyle s and Global Housing s agreements to reinsure premiums and risks related to business generated by certain clients to the clients own captive insurance companies or to reinsurance subsidiaries in which the clients have an ownership interest. To mitigate exposure to credit risk for these reinsurers, the Company evaluates the financial condition of the reinsurer and typically holds substantial collateral (in the form of funds withheld, trusts and letters of credit) as security. 
 Premiums assumed Premiums ceded ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net earned premiums Direct policyholder benefits Policyholder benefits assumed Policyholder benefits ceded ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net policyholder benefits 
 
 The Company had invested assets held in trusts or by custodians as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, for the benefit of others related to certain reinsurance arrangements. 
 F-56 

million as of December 31, 2022, of which million was attributable to John Hancock, which reinsures the long-term care business and has an A.M. Best financial strength rating of A+ with a stable outlook. 
 In addition, the Company would be responsible for administering this business in the event of reinsurer insolvency. The Company does not currently have the administrative systems and capabilities to process this business. Accordingly, the Company would need to obtain those capabilities in the event of an insolvency of one or more of the reinsurers of these businesses. The Company might be forced to obtain such capabilities on unfavorable terms with a resulting material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company was not aware of any regulatory actions taken with respect to the solvency of the insurance subsidiaries of John Hancock and the Company has not been obligated to fulfill any of its obligations. John Hancock has paid its obligations when due and there have been no disputes. 
 
 F-57 

19. 
 Senior Notes due September 2023 
 Senior Notes due March 2028 
 Senior Notes due February 2030 
 Senior Notes due January 2032 
 Senior Notes due February 2034 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due March 2048 (1) 
 Subordinated Notes due January 2061 
 Total Debt 
 
 annual interest rate to March 2028 and an annual interest rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus thereafter. Under the terms of the debt agreement, a substitute or successor base rate will be used if the LIBOR base rate has been discontinued. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest expense was million, million and million, respectively. Interest expense includes derivative related activities described in the interest rate derivatives section below. There was million and million of accrued interest as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Debt Issuances 
 Senior Notes 
 2032 Senior Notes: In June 2021, the Company issued senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of million, which bear interest at a rate of per year, mature in January 2032 and were issued at a discount to the public (the 2032 Senior Notes ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning on January 15, 2022. Prior to October 15, 2031, the Company may redeem the 2032 Senior Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest. On or after that date, the Company may redeem the 2032 Senior Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 In July 2021, the Company used the net proceeds from the sale of the 2032 Senior Notes, together with cash on hand, to redeem all of the million outstanding aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due March 2023 and to pay accrued interest, related premiums, fees and expenses, including a loss on extinguishment of debt of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 2030 Senior Notes: In August 2019, the Company issued senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of million, which bear interest at a rate of per year, mature in February 2030 and were issued at a discount to the public (the 2030 Senior Notes ). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears beginning in February 2020. Prior to November 2029, the Company may redeem the 2030 Senior Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest. On or after that date, the Company may redeem the 2030 Senior Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 In March 2018, the Company issued the following series of senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of million: 
 The first series of senior notes was redeemed in advance of the original maturity in March 2021. 
 2023 Senior Notes: The second series of senior notes is million in principal amount, bears interest at per year, matures in September 2023 and was issued at a discount to the public (the 2023 Senior Notes ). Interest on the 2023 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually. Prior to August 2023, the Company may redeem the 2023 Senior Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest. On or after that date, the Company may redeem the 2023 Senior Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at 
 F-58 

of the principal amount being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. In June 2022, the Company redeemed million of the million then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Senior Notes at a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. In connection with the redemption, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of million. 
 2028 Senior Notes: The third series of senior notes is million in principal amount, bears interest at per year, matures in March 2028 and was issued at a discount to the public (the 2028 Senior Notes ). Interest on the 2028 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually. Prior to December 2027, the Company may redeem the 2028 Senior Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a make-whole premium plus accrued and unpaid interest. On or after that date, the Company may redeem the 2028 Senior Notes at any time in whole or from time to time in part at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 The interest rate payable on each of the 2023 Senior Notes, 2028 Senior Notes, 2030 Senior Notes and 2032 Senior Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time, if either Moody s Investor Service, Inc. Moody s or S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global Inc. S P downgrades the credit rating assigned to such series of senior notes to Ba1 or below or to BB+ or below, respectively, or subsequently upgrades the credit ratings once the senior notes are at or below such levels. basis points over the issuance rate: 
 basis points 
 2 Ba2 BB basis points 
 3 Ba3 BB- basis points 
 4 B1 or below B+ or below basis points 
 
 (1) Including the equivalent ratings of any substitute rating agency. 
 
 In March 2013, the Company issued series of senior notes, one of which was repaid at maturity in March 2018. The second series was million in aggregate principal amount, was issued at a discount to the public, bore interest at per year and was to mature in March 2023. In July 2021, we used the proceeds from the issuance of the 2032 Senior Notes, along with cash on hand, to redeem all of the million outstanding aggregate principal amount. A loss on extinguishment of debt of million was reported for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 In February 2004, the Company issued senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of million at a discount to the public, which bear interest at per year and matures in February 2034. Interest is payable semi-annually. These senior notes are not redeemable prior to maturity. In December 2016 and August 2019, the Company completed a cash tender offers of million each in aggregate principal amount of such senior notes. 
 Subordinated Notes 
 2061 Subordinated Notes: In November 2020, the Company issued subordinated notes due January 2061 with a principal amount of million, which bear interest at an annual rate of (the 2061 Subordinated Notes ). Interest is payable quarterly in arrears beginning in April 2021. On or after January 2026, the Company may redeem the 2061 Subordinated Notes in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, provided that if they are not redeemed in whole, a minimum amount must remain outstanding. At any time prior to January 2026, the Company may redeem the 2061 Subordinated Notes in whole but not in part, within days after the occurrence of a tax event, rating agency event or regulatory capital event as defined in the global note representing the 2061 Subordinated Notes, at a redemption price equal to (i) with respect to a rating agency event, of their principal amount and (ii) with respect to a tax event or a regulatory capital event, their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. See below, under 2048 Subordinated Notes (as defined below), for more information on terms applicable to both series. 
 2048 Subordinated Notes : In March 2018, the Company issued fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due March 2048 with principal amount of million (the 2048 Subordinated Notes ), which bear interest from March 2018 to March 2028 at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually. The 2048 Subordinated Notes will bear interest at an annual rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus , payable quarterly, beginning in June 2028. Under the terms of the debt agreement, a substitute or successor base rate will be used if the LIBOR base rate has been discontinued. On or after March 2028, the Company may redeem the 2048 Subordinated Notes in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, provided that if they are not redeemed in whole, a minimum 
 F-59 

days after the occurrence of a tax event, rating agency event or regulatory capital event as defined in the global note representing the 2048 Subordinated Notes, at a redemption price equal to (i) with respect to a rating agency event, of their principal amount and (ii) with respect to a tax event or a regulatory capital event, their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 In addition, so long as no event of default with respect to the 2048 Subordinated Notes and 2061 Subordinated Notes (together, the Subordinated Notes has occurred and is continuing, the Company has the right, on one or more occasions, to defer the payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes for one or more consecutive interest periods for up to five years as described in the global note representing the Subordinated Notes. During a deferral period, interest will continue to accrue on the Subordinated Notes at the then-applicable interest rate. At any time when the Company has given notice of its election to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes, the Company generally may not make payments on or redeem or purchase any shares of the Company s capital stock or any of its debt securities or guarantees that rank upon the Company s liquidation on a parity with or junior to the Subordinated Notes, subject to certain limited exceptions. 
 Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program 
 The Company has a million five -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks arranged by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The Credit Facility provides for revolving loans and the issuance of multi-bank, syndicated letters of credit and letters of credit from a sole issuing bank in an aggregate amount of million, which may be increased up to million. The Credit Facility is available until December 2026, provided the Company is in compliance with all covenants. The Credit Facility has a sublimit for letters of credit issued thereunder of million. The proceeds from these loans may be used for the Company s commercial paper program or for general corporate purposes. 
 The Company made borrowings using the Credit Facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 and loans were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s commercial paper program requires the Company to maintain liquidity facilities either in an available amount equal to any outstanding notes from the program or in an amount sufficient to maintain the ratings assigned to the notes issued from the program. The Company s commercial paper is rated AMB-1 by A.M. Best, P-2 by Moody s and A-2 by S P. The Company s subsidiaries do not maintain commercial paper or other borrowing facilities. This program is currently backed up by the Credit Facility, of which million was available at December 31, 2022, and million letters of credit were outstanding. 
 The Company did not use the commercial paper program during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 and there were amounts relating to the commercial paper program outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Covenants 
 The Credit Facility contains restrictive covenants including: 
 (i) Maintenance of a maximum consolidated total debt to capitalization ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarter of not greater than to 1.0, subject to certain exceptions; and 
 (ii) Maintenance of a consolidated adjusted net worth in an amount not less than a Minimum Amount equal to the sum of (a) billion, (b) of consolidated net income (if positive) for each fiscal quarter ending after December 31, 2021 and (c) of the net cash proceeds received from any capital contribution to, or issuance of any capital stock, disqualified capital stock and hybrid securities. 
 In the event of a breach of certain covenants, all obligations under the Credit Facility, including unpaid principal and accrued interest and outstanding letters of credit, may become immediately due and payable. 
 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 million upon settlement that was reported through other comprehensive income. The deferred gain is being recognized as a reduction in interest expense related to the 2023 Senior Notes, the 2028 Senior Notes and the 2048 Subordinated Notes on an effective yield basis. The amortization of the deferred gain was million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and million for both of the years ended December 31 2021 and 2020, respectively. The remaining deferred gain as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-60 

20. 
 Vested restricted stock and restricted stock units, net (1) 
 Issuance related to performance share units (1) 
 Issuance related to ESPP Issuance related to MCPS Shares of common stock repurchased ) ) ) Shares of common stock outstanding, ending 
 (1) Vested restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance share units are shown net of shares of common stock retired to cover participant income tax liabilities. 
 
 The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock. In addition, shares of Class B common stock and shares of Class C common stock are authorized but have not been issued. 
 Stock Repurchase 
 In January and May 2021, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board authorized the Company to repurchase up to million and million, respectively, aggregate cost at purchase of its outstanding common stock. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of the Company s outstanding common stock at a cost of million, exclusive of commissions, leaving million remaining under the May 2021 repurchase authorization at December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased and shares of the Company s outstanding common stock at a cost, exclusive of commissions, of million and million, respectively. 
 The timing and the amount of future repurchases will depend on market conditions, the Company s financial condition, results of operations and liquidity and other factors. 
 Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
 In March 2018, the Company issued shares of the MCPS, with a par value of per share, at a public offering price of per share. Each outstanding share of MCPS converted in March 2021 into of common stock, or common stock in total plus an immaterial amount of cash in lieu of fractional shares. The Company used a portion of its treasury stock for the common stock, using the average cost method to account for the reissuance of such shares. 
 of the liquidation preference of per share. The Company paid preferred stock dividends of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

21. 
 per year estimated forfeiture rate on a pro-rated basis over the remaining vesting period. 
 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan 
 Under the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (the ALTEIP ), as amended and restated in December 2022, the Company is authorized to issue up to new shares of the Company s common stock to employees, officers and non-employee directors. Under the ALTEIP, the Company may grant awards based on shares of its common stock, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock (including performance shares), unrestricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), performance share units PSUs and dividend equivalents. All share-based grants are awarded under the ALTEIP. 
 F-61 

and (maximum) of the target ALTEIP award amount, based on the Company s level of performance against the selected metrics. 
 2022, 2021 and 2020 PSU Performance Goals. The Compensation Committee established total shareholder return and net operating income per diluted share, excluding reportable catastrophes, as the equally weighted performance measures for PSU awards in 2022, 2021 and 2020. Total shareholder return is defined as appreciation in the Company s common stock plus dividend yield to stockholders and will be measured by the performance of the Company relative to the S P 500 Index over the three -year performance period. Net operating income per diluted common share, excluding reportable catastrophes, is a Company-specific profitability metric and is defined as the Company s net operating income, excluding reportable catastrophes, divided by the number of fully diluted common shares outstanding at the end of the period. This metric is an absolute metric that is measured against a three -year cumulative target established by the Compensation Committee at the award date and is not tied to the performance of peer companies. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Grants (1) 
 Vests (2) 
 ) Forfeitures and adjustments ) Restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2022 Restricted stock units vested, but deferred at December 31, 2022 
 (1) The weighted average grant date fair value for RSUs granted in 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) RSU compensation expense, net of tax 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding RSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 F-62 

Grants (1) 
 Vests (2) 
 ) Performance adjustment (3) 
 Forfeitures and adjustments ) Performance share units outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 (1) The weighted average grant date fair value for PSUs granted in 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 
 (2) The total fair value of PSUs vested was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 PSU grants above represent initial target awards and do not reflect potential increases or decreases resulting from the financial performance objectives to be determined at the end of the prospective performance period. The actual number of PSUs to be issued at the end of each performance period will range from to of the initial target awards. 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) PSU compensation expense, net of tax 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding PSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 The fair value of PSUs with market conditions was estimated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which utilizes multiple variables that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award. Expected volatilities for awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were based on the historical prices of the Company s common stock and peer group. The expected term for grants issued during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was assumed to equal the average of the vesting period of the PSUs. The risk-free rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 Expected term (years) Risk free interest rate 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), the Company is authorized to issue up to new shares of common stock to employees who are participants in the ESPP. The ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute, through payroll deductions, portions of their after-tax compensation in each offering period toward the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock. There are offering periods during the year (January 1 through June 30 and July 1 through December 31) and shares of common stock are purchased at the end of each offering period at of the lower of the closing price of the common stock on the first or last day of the offering period. Participants must be employed on the last trading day of the offering period in order to purchase shares of common stock under the ESPP. The maximum number of shares of common stock that can be purchased is per employee. Participants contributions are limited to a maximum contribution of thousand per offering period, or thousand per year. 
 F-63 

by the start of the offering period, are not temporary employees (classified as temporary and employed less than months) and have not been on a leave of absence for more than days immediately preceding the offering period. 
 In January 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock at a discounted price of for the offering period of July 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. In January 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock at a discounted price of for the offering period of July 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 
 In July 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to employees at a discounted price of for the offering period of January 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022. In July 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to employees at a discounted price of for the offering period of January 1, 2021 through June 30, 2021. 
 The compensation expense recorded related to the ESPP was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The related income tax benefit for disqualified disposition was million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 The fair value of each award under the ESPP was estimated at the beginning of each offering period using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and assumptions in the table below. Expected volatilities are based on implied volatilities from traded options on the Company s common stock and the historical volatility of the Company s common stock. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The dividend yield is based on the current annualized dividend and common stock price as of the grant date. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk free interest rates - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (years) 
 
 Non-Stock Based Incentive Plans 
 Deferred Compensation 
 The Company s deferred compensation programs consist of the AIP, the ASIC and the ADC. The AIP and the ASIC provided key employees the ability to exchange a portion of their compensation for options to purchase certain third-party mutual funds. The AIP and the ASIC were frozen in December 2004 and no additional contributions can be made to either the AIP or the ASIC. Effective March 1, 2005 and amended and restated on January 1, 2008, the ADC Plan was established in order to comply with the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (the Jobs Act and Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ). The ADC provides key employees the ability to defer a portion of their eligible compensation to be notionally invested in a variety of mutual funds. Deferrals and withdrawals under the ADC are intended to be fully compliant with the Jobs Act definition of eligible compensation and distribution requirements. 
 
 F-64 

22. ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation adjustment Net unrealized gains on securities Net unrealized gains on derivative transactions Unamortized net (losses) on Pension Plans Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Foreign currency translation adjustment Net unrealized gains on securities Net unrealized gains on derivative transactions Unamortized net (losses) on Pension Plans Accumulated other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 
 F-65 

) Underwriting, selling, general and administrative expenses (see Note 4) Provision for income taxes ) Net of tax Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities ) ) Net realized (losses) gains on investments and fair value changes to equity securities 
 ) Provision for income taxes ) ) Net of tax Unrealized gains on derivative transactions ) ) ) Interest expense Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Net of tax Amortization of pension and postretirement unrecognized net periodic benefit cost: Amortization of net loss (1) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) (1) Settlement loss (1) ) ) ) Total before tax Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net of tax 

23. 
 F-66 

Life and health companies Total statutory net income (1) 
 (1) There was statutory net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 from the insurance entities included in the disposed Global Preneed business due to the August 2021 sale. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Property and casualty companies Life and health companies Total statutory capital and surplus (1) 
 (1) There was statutory capital and surplus as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 from the insurance entities included in the disposed Global Preneed business. 
 
 The Company also has non-insurance subsidiaries and foreign insurance subsidiaries that are not subject to SAP. The statutory net income and statutory capital and surplus amounts presented above do not include non-insurance subsidiaries and foreign insurance subsidiaries in accordance with SAP. 
 Insurance enterprises are required by state insurance departments to adhere to minimum RBC requirements developed by the NAIC. All of the Company s insurance subsidiaries exceed minimum RBC requirements. 
 The payment of dividends to the Company by any of the Company s regulated U.S domiciled insurance subsidiaries in excess of a certain amount (i.e., extraordinary dividends) must be approved by the subsidiary s domiciliary jurisdiction department of insurance. Ordinary dividends, for which no regulatory approval is generally required, are limited to amounts determined by a formula, which varies by jurisdiction. The formula for the majority of the jurisdictions in which the Company s subsidiaries are domiciled is based on the prior year s statutory net income or of the statutory surplus as of the end of the prior year. Some jurisdictions limit ordinary dividends to the greater of these two amounts, others limit them to the lesser of these two amounts and some jurisdictions exclude prior year realized capital gains from prior year net income in determining ordinary dividend capacity. Some jurisdictions have an additional stipulation that dividends may only be paid out of earned surplus. If insurance regulators determine that payment of an ordinary dividend or any other payments by the Company s insurance subsidiaries to the Company (such as payments under a tax sharing agreement or payments for employee or other services) would be adverse to policyholders or creditors, the regulators may block such payments that would otherwise be permitted without prior approval. Based on the dividend restrictions under applicable laws and regulations, the maximum amount of dividends that the Company s U.S domiciled insurance subsidiaries could pay to the Company in 2023 without regulatory approval is approximately million. No assurance can be given that there will not be further regulatory actions restricting the ability of the Company s insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends. 
 State regulators require insurance companies to meet minimum capitalization standards designed to ensure that they can fulfill obligations to policyholders. Minimum capital requirements are based on the RBC Ratio, which is a ratio of a company s total adjusted capital TAC to its RBC. TAC is equal to statutory surplus adjusted to exclude certain statutory liabilities. RBC is calculated by applying specified factors to various asset, premium, expense, liability, and reserve items. 
 Generally, if a company s RBC Ratio is below (the Authorized Control Level ), the insurance commissioner of the company s jurisdiction of domicile is authorized to take control of the company, to protect the interests of policyholders. If the RBC Ratio is greater than but less than (the Company Action Level ), the company must submit a RBC plan to the commissioner of the jurisdiction of domicile. Corrective actions may also be required if the RBC Ratio is greater than the Company Action Level but the company fails certain trend tests. 
 million. The corresponding Authorized Control Level was million. As of December 31, 2022, the TAC of the Company s life and health companies subject to RBC requirements was billion. The corresponding Authorized Control Level was million. 
 
 F-67 

24. 
 of the Assurant Pension Plan deficit and the capital position of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were contributions to the Assurant Pension Plan. Due to the Assurant Pension Plan s current funding status, contributions to the Assurant Pension Plan are expected during the year ending December 31, 2023. Assurant Pension Plan assets are maintained in a separate trust. Assurant Pension Plan assets and benefit obligations are measured as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company also has various non-contributory, non-qualified supplemental plans covering certain employees including the Assurant Executive Pension Plan and the Assurant Supplement Executive Retirement Plan (the SERP ). Since these plans are non-qualified they are not subject to the requirements of IRC 401(a) and ERISA. As such, the Company is not required, and does not, fund these plans. The qualified and nonqualified plans are referred to as Pension Benefits unless otherwise noted. The Company has the right to modify or terminate these benefits; however, the Company will not be relieved of its obligation to plan participants for their vested benefits. 
 In addition, the Company provides certain life and health care benefits Retirement Health Benefits for retired employees and their dependents. On July 1, 2011, the Company terminated certain health care benefits for employees who did not qualify for grandfathered status and no longer offers these benefits to new hires. The Company contribution, plan design and other terms of the remaining benefits did not change for those grandfathered employees. The Company has the right to modify or terminate these benefits. 
 Effective January 1, 2014, the Pension Benefits plans were closed to new hires. Effective March 1, 2016, the Pension Benefits and Retirement Health Benefits (together, the Plans were amended such that no additional benefits will be earned after February 29, 2016. 
 In February 2020, the Company amended the Retirement Health Benefits to terminate effective December 31, 2024 (the Termination Date ). Benefits will be paid up to the Termination Date. The Retirement Health Benefits obligations were re-measured using a discount rate of , selected based on a cash flow analysis using a bond yield curve as of February 29, 2020, and the fair market value of the Retirement Health Benefits assets as of February 29, 2020. The remeasurement resulted in a reduction to the Retirement Health Benefits obligations of million and a corresponding prior service credit in AOCI, which will be reclassified from AOCI as it is amortized in the net periodic benefit cost over the remaining period until the Termination Date. 
 F-68 

) ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) ) Amendments Settlements Actuarial gain (1) Benefits paid Projected benefit obligation at end of year ) ) ) ) Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Settlements ) Benefits paid (including administrative expenses) ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status at end of year ) 
 (1) In 2022, the actuarial gain in the Pension Benefits was primarily due to the significant increase in the discount rate as detailed below. 
 
 In accordance with the guidance on retirement benefits, the Company aggregates the results of the qualified and non-qualified plans as Pension Benefits and is required to disclose the aggregate projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets, if the obligations within those plans exceed plan assets. 
 Projected benefit obligation ) ) ) ) ) ) Funded status at end of year ) ) ) Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
 Liabilities ) ) ) ) ) Prior service (cost) credit ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 F-69 

Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit (cost) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss (gain) ) ) Curtailment/settlement loss Net periodic benefit cost ) ) ) ) ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income Prior service cost ) Net (gain) loss ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (cost) credit ) ) ) Amortization of net (loss) gain ) ) ) Total recognized in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) 
 
 The Company uses a five -year averaging method to determine the market-related value of Pension Benefits plan assets, which is used to calculate the expected return of plan assets component of the Plans expense. Under this methodology, asset gains/losses that result from actual returns which differ from the Company s expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption are recognized in the market-related value of assets on a level basis over a five -year period. The difference between actual as compared to expected asset returns for the Plans will be fully reflected in the market-related value of plan assets over the next five years using the methodology described above. Other post-employment benefit assets under the Retirement Health Benefits are valued at fair value. 

Effective rate for interest on benefit obligations Expected long-term return on plan assets 
 
 F-70 

bonds rated AA by either Moody s or S P s with maturities between zero and years. The discount rate for each Plan is the single rate that produces the same present value of cash flows. The Company utilizes a split rate approach for purposes of determining the benefit obligations and service cost as well as a spot rate approach for the calculation of interest on these items in the determination of the net periodic benefit cost. 
 To develop the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption, the Company considered the current level of expected returns on risk free investments (primarily government bonds), the historical level of the risk premium associated with the other asset classes in which the portfolio is invested and the expectations for future returns of each asset class. The expected long-term rate of return on Plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested or to be invested. The expected return for each asset class was then weighted based on the targeted asset allocation to develop the expected long-term rate of return on asset assumptions for the portfolio. The Company believes the current assumption reflects the projected return on the invested assets, given the current market conditions and the modified portfolio structure. Actual return (loss) on Plan assets was ) , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 Post-65 Non-reimbursement Plan (Medical) Post-65 Non-reimbursement Plan (Rx) Pre-65 Reimbursement Plan Post-65 Reimbursement Plan Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate Pre-65 Non-reimbursement Plan Post-65 Non-reimbursement Plan (Medical Rx) Pre-65 Reimbursement Plan Post-65 Reimbursement Plan 
 
 The assets of the Plans are managed to maximize their long-term pre-tax investment return, subject to the following dual constraints: minimization of required contributions and maintenance of solvency requirements. It is anticipated that periodic contributions to the Plans will, for the foreseeable future, be sufficient to meet benefit payments thus allowing the balance to be managed according to a long-term approach. The Benefit Plan Investment Committee BPIC for the Plans meets on a quarterly basis and reviews the re-balancing of existing fund assets and the asset allocation of new fund contributions. 
 The goal of the Company s asset strategy is to ensure that the growth in the value of the Plan s assets over the long-term, both in real and nominal terms, manages (controls) risk exposure. Risk is managed by investing in a broad range of asset classes, and within those asset classes, a broad range of individual securities. Diversification by asset classes stabilizes total results over short-term time periods. Each asset class is externally managed by outside investment managers appointed by the BPIC. Derivatives may be used consistent with the Plan s investment objectives established by the BPIC. All securities must be U.S. Dollar denominated. 
 The BPIC oversees the investment of the Company s plan assets and periodically reviews the investment strategies, strategic asset allocation, liabilities and portfolio structure of the Company s plan assets. After a 2017 review and considering the funded status of the Assurant Pension Plan, the BPIC transitioned plan assets to a new target asset allocation consisting of fixed income, real estate, hedge funds and equities. 
 The assets of the Plans are primarily invested in fixed maturity securities. Interest rate risk is hedged by aligning the duration of the fixed maturity securities with the duration of the liabilities. Specifically, interest rate swaps can be used if needed to synthetically extend the duration of fixed maturity securities to match the duration of the liabilities, as measured on a projected benefit obligation basis. In addition, the Plans fixed income securities have exposure to credit risk. In order to 
 F-71 

of plan assets were invested in fixed maturity securities and , and of those securities were concentrated in the energy and power, finance and real estate, and communication industries, respectively, with no exposure to any single creditor in excess of , and of those industries, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, of plan assets were invested in equity securities and of the Plans equity securities were invested in a mutual fund that attempts to replicate the return of the S P 500 Index by investing its assets in large capitalization stocks that are included in the S P 500 Index using a weighting similar to the S P 500 Index. The remainder of the assets are invested in real estate and other alternative assets. 
 Equity securities: Preferred stock Mutual funds - U.S. listed large cap Fixed maturity securities: U.S. foreign government and government agencies and authorities Corporate - U.S. foreign investment grade Corporate - U.S. foreign high yield Mutual funds - U.S. investment grade Other investments measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total financial assets (2) 
 
 (1) In accordance with fair value measurements and disclosures guidance, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The net asset values of million, million and million as of December 31, 2022 are used as a practical expedient to fair value of the multi-strategy hedge fund, private equity fund and real estate fund, respectively. 
 (2) The difference between the fair value of Plan assets above and the amount used in determining the funded status is due to interest receivable and net receivable/payable for unsettled trades, which is not required to be included in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Retirement Health Benefits December 31, 2022 Financial Assets Total Level 1 Level 2 Cash equivalents: Short-term investment funds Equity securities: Mutual funds - U.S. listed large cap Fixed maturity securities: U.S. foreign government and government agencies and authorities Corporate - U.S. foreign investment grade Corporate - U.S. foreign high yield Mutual funds - U.S. investment grade Other investments measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total financial assets (2) 
 
 (1) In accordance with fair value measurements and disclosures guidance, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The net asset values of million, million and million as of December 31, 2022 are used as a practical expedient to fair value of the multi-strategy hedge fund, private equity fund and real estate fund, respectively. 
 (2) The difference between the fair value of Plan assets above and the amount used in determining the funded status is due to interest receivable and net receivable/payable for unsettled trades, which is not required to be included in the fair value hierarchy. 
 F-72 

Equity securities: Preferred stock Mutual funds - U.S. listed large cap Fixed maturity securities: U.S. foreign government and government agencies and authorities Corporate - U.S. foreign investment grade Corporate - U.S. foreign high yield Mutual funds - U.S. investment grade Other investments measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total financial assets (2) 
 
 (1) In accordance with fair value measurements and disclosures guidance, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The net asset values of million, million and million as of December 31, 2021 are used as a practical expedient to fair value of the multi-strategy hedge fund, private equity fund and real estate fund, respectively. 
 (2) The difference between the fair value of Plan assets above and the amount used in determining the funded status is due to interest receivable and net receivable/payable for unsettled trades, which is not required to be included in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Retirement Health Benefits December 31, 2021 Financial Assets Total Level 1 Level 2 Cash and cash equivalents: Short-term investment funds Equity securities: Preferred stock Mutual funds - U.S. listed large cap Fixed maturity securities: U.S. foreign government and government agencies and authorities Corporate - U.S. foreign investment grade Corporate - U.S. foreign high yield Mutual funds - U.S. investment grade Other investments measured at net asset value (1) 
 Total financial assets (2) 
 
 (1) In accordance with fair value measurements and disclosures guidance, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The net asset values of million, million and million as of December 31, 2021 are used as a practical expedient to fair value of the multi-strategy hedge fund, private equity fund and real estate fund, respectively. The multi-strategy hedge fund, which is reported on a one month lag, was liquidated on December 31, 2020. 
 (2) The difference between the fair value of Plan assets above and the amount used in determining the funded status is due to interest receivable and net receivable/payable for unsettled trades, which is not required to be included in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Level 1 and Level 2 securities are valued using various observable market inputs obtained from a pricing service. The pricing service prepares estimates of fair value measurements for the Company s Level 2 securities using proprietary valuation models based on techniques such as matrix pricing which include observable market inputs. Observable market inputs for Level 1 and Level 2 securities are consistent with the observable market inputs described in Note 10. 
 The Company obtains one price for each investment. A quarterly analysis is performed to assess if the evaluated prices represent a reasonable estimate of their fair value. This process involves quantitative and qualitative analysis and is overseen by benefits, investment and accounting professionals. Examples of procedures performed include initial and on-going review of pricing service methodologies, review of pricing statistics and trends, and comparison of prices for certain securities with two different appropriate price sources for reasonableness. Following this analysis, the Company uses the best estimate of fair value based upon all available inputs. The pricing service provides information regarding their pricing procedures so that the Company can properly categorize the Plans financial assets in the fair value hierarchy. 
 F-73 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2027 - 2031 Total 
 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

25. 
 
 F-74 

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest ) Net income from continuing operations attributable to stockholders Less: Preferred stock dividends ) ) Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders Less: Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Undistributed earnings Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders Add: Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding used in basic per common share calculations Incremental common shares from: PSUs ESPP MCPS Weighted average common shares outstanding used in diluted per common share calculations Earnings per common share Basic Distributed earnings Undistributed earnings Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings per common share Diluted Distributed earnings Undistributed earnings Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were outstanding but were anti-dilutive and thus not included in the computation of diluted EPS under the treasury stock method. There were anti-dilutive MCPS for all three years presented. 
 
 F-75 

26. 
 Income before provision for income taxes Net income from continuing operations Net income attributable to common stockholders Basic per share data: Income before provision for income taxes Net income from continuing operations Net income attributable to common stockholders Diluted per share data: Income before provision for income taxes Net income from continuing operations Net income attributable to common stockholders March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 2021 Total revenues Income before provision for income taxes Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Basic per share data: Income before provision for income taxes Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders Diluted per share data: Income before provision for income taxes Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 
 
 Third quarter 2022 net income from continuing operations includes million after-tax reportable catastrophes, primarily related to Hurricane Ian. 
 million and million after-tax reportable catastrophes, primarily related to Hurricane Ida and severe winter storms in Texas, respectively. 
 
 F-76 

27. 
 
 Total transformational plan Return to work strategy: Contract exit costs Fixed asset impairment Right-of-use asset impairment Total return to work strategy Total restructuring and impairment charges 
 
 Charges incurred Cash payments ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 

28. 
 million and million, respectively, included in accounts payable and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the right-of-use asset was million and million, respectively, included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the operating lease cost recognized for leases with terms in excess of 12 months was million, million and million respectively, and related cash outflows reducing the lease liability were million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate was years and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate was years and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the short-term lease cost recognized for leases with terms of 12 months or less was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 F-77 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total lease liability 
 Letters of Credit 
 In the normal course of business, letters of credit are issued for various purposes. These letters of credit are supported by commitments under which the Company is required to indemnify the financial institution issuing the letter of credit if the letter of credit is drawn. The Company had million and million of letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 The Company is involved in a variety of litigation and legal and regulatory proceedings relating to its current and past business operations and, from time to time, it may become involved in other such actions. The Company continues to defend itself vigorously in these proceedings. The Company has participated and may participate in settlements on terms that the Company considers reasonable. 

29. 
 
 F-78 

Other Assets Total assets Claims and benefits payable Reinsurance balances payable Total liabilities Retained Earnings ) Total Assurant, Inc. stockholders equity ) Total equity ) Total liabilities and equity 
 
 F-79 

Total revenues Benefits, losses and expenses: Policyholder benefits Underwriting, general and administrative expenses ) Total benefits, losses and expenses Income from continuing operations before income tax expense ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Net income from continuing operations ) ) Net income ) ) Net income attributable to stockholders ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Basic earnings per share from continuing operations ) ) Basic earnings per share attributable to common stockholders ) ) Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations ) ) Diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders ) ) 

Revised Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 As Reported Adjustment As Revised As Reported Adjustment As Revised Net Income ) ) Total comprehensive income ) ) Total comprehensive income attributable to stockholders ) ) 

Revised Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 As Reported Adjustment As Revised As Reported Adjustment As Revised Beginning equity ) ) Net Income ) ) Ending equity ) ) 

F-80 

) ) Change in insurance policy reserves and expenses ) Change in commissions payable ) ) Change in reinsurance recoverable ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in reinsurance balance payable Change in deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired ) ) ) ) ) Change in taxes receivable ) ) ) Change in other assets and other liabilities ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 F-81 

Assurant, Inc. 
 
 States, municipalities and political subdivisions Foreign governments Asset-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Residential mortgage-backed U.S. corporate Foreign corporate Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities: Common stocks Non-redeemable preferred stocks Mutual funds Total equity securities Commercial mortgage loans on real estate Short-term investments Other investments Total investments 
 
 F-82 

Assurant, Inc. 
 
 Fixed maturity securities available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Equity securities at fair value Short-term investments Other investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Receivable from subsidiaries, net Income tax receivable Accrued investment income Property and equipment, at cost less accumulated depreciation Other assets Assets held for sale (Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable and other liabilities Debt Total liabilities Stockholders equity Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Treasury stock, at cost; shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

F-83 

Assurant, Inc. 
 
 Net realized (losses) gains on investments and fair value changes to equity securities ) ) Fees and other income Equity in net income of subsidiaries Total revenues Expenses General and administrative expenses Interest expense Loss on extinguishment of debt (Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) Total expenses Income from continuing operations before benefit for income taxes Benefit for income taxes ) ) ) Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations (Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest ) Net income attributable to stockholders 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Parent Only Condensed Financial Statements 
 F-84 

Assurant, Inc. 
 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income: Change in unrealized gains on securities, net of taxes of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Change in unrealized gains on derivative transactions, net of taxes of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) ) Change in foreign currency translation, net of taxes of , ) and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Amortization of pension and postretirement unrecognized net periodic benefit cost and change in funded status, net of taxes of ), ) and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Change in subsidiary other comprehensive income ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total comprehensive income ) Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest ) Total comprehensive income attributable to stockholders ) 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Parent Only Condensed Financial Statements 
 F-85 

Assurant, Inc. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities - continuing operations Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Sales of: Fixed maturity securities available for sale Equity securities Other invested assets Property, buildings and equipment (1) Subsidiary, net of cash transferred (2) Maturities, calls, prepayments, and scheduled redemption of: Fixed maturity securities available for sale Purchases of: Fixed maturity securities available for sale ) ) ) Equity securities ) Other invested assets ) ) ) Property and equipment and other ) ) ) Capital contributed to subsidiaries ) ) ) Return of capital contributions from subsidiaries Change in short-term investments ) ) Other ) Net cash used in investing activities - discontinued operations ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing Activities Issuance of debt, net of issuance costs (Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) Borrowing under unsecured revolving credit facility Payments on unsecured revolving credit facility ) Repayment of debt, including tender offer premium (Note 19) ) ) Acquisition of common stock ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) ) Common stock dividends paid ) ) ) Employee stock purchases and withholdings ) ) ) Proceeds repaid on transfer of rights to ACA recoverable (Note 4) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Less: Cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations at end of period ) Cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations at end of period 
 (1) Amount for the year ended December 31, 2020 related to the sale of a building from the Parent to a subsidiary (which is eliminated for consolidated reporting). 
 (2) Amount for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to the sale of the disposed Global Preneed business. For additional information, refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 See the accompanying Notes to the Parent Only Condensed Financial Statements 
 F-86 

Assurant, Inc. 

F-87 

Assurant, Inc. 
 
 Global Housing Corporate and Other Other Reconciling Items (2) Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 Global Lifestyle Global Housing Corporate and Other Other Reconciling Items (2) Total Year Ended December 31, 2020 Global Lifestyle Global Housing Corporate and Other Other Reconciling Items (2) Total 
 (1) Includes amortization of value of business acquired and underwriting, general and administrative expenses. 
 (2) Other reconciling items reflect the items excluded from the segment measure of profitability, Adjusted EBITDA. See Note 6 for more information on Adjusted EBITDA and the reconciliation of the segment Adjusted EBITDA to the consolidated net income from continuing operations. 

F-88 

Assurant, Inc. 
 
 Premiums: Life insurance Accident and health insurance Property and liability insurance Total earned premiums Benefits: Life insurance Accident and health insurance Property and liability insurance Total policyholder benefits Year Ended December 31, 2021 Life Insurance in Force Premiums: Life insurance Accident and health insurance Property and liability insurance Total earned premiums Benefits: Life insurance Accident and health insurance Property and liability insurance Total policyholder benefits Year Ended December 31, 2020 Life Insurance in Force Premiums: Life insurance Accident and health insurance Property and liability insurance Total earned premiums Benefits: Life insurance ) ) Accident and health insurance ) ) Property and liability insurance Total policyholder benefits 

F-89 

Assurant, Inc. 
 
 ) Allowance for credit losses: Available for sale fixed maturity securities Commercial mortgage loans on real estate Premiums and accounts receivable ) Dealer loan receivable ) Reinsurance recoverables 
 High deductible recoverables Total ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Valuation allowance for foreign deferred tax assets ) Allowance for credit losses: Available for sale fixed maturity securities ) Commercial mortgage loans on real estate ) Ik Loan 
 ) Premiums and accounts receivable ) ) Dealer loan receivable Reinsurance recoverables 
 ) Total ) ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Valuation allowance for foreign deferred tax assets ) Allowance for credit losses: Available for sale fixed maturity securities Commercial mortgage loans on real estate Ik Loan 
 Premiums and accounts receivable Dealer loan receivable Reinsurance recoverables 
 Total ) 
 
 F-90 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 aiz12312022-ex1084q22.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.8 
 
 ASSURANT, INC. 2017 
 LONG TERM EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN, 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 SECTION 1. Purpose Definitions 
 1.1. Purpose. The purpose of this Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as amended and restated as of May 13, 2021 and December 2, 2022, is to give the Company (as defined in Section 1.2 below), a competitive advantage in attracting, retaining, and motivating officers, employees, directors, and consultants, and to provide the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates with a long term incentive plan providing incentives directly linked to stockholder value. 
 1.2. Definitions. Certain terms used herein have definitions given to them in the first place in which they are used. In addition, for purposes of this Plan, the following terms are defined as set forth below 
 (a) Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, any regulations promulgated thereunder, and any successor thereto. 
 (b) Administrator has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a). 
 (c) Affiliate means any Subsidiary and any other corporation or other entity controlled by, controlling, or under common control with, the Company, as determined by the Committee. 
 (d) Amendment Date means December 2, 2022. 
 (e) Applicable Exchange means the New York Stock Exchange, or such other securities exchange as may at the applicable time be the principal market for the Common Stock. 
 (f) Applicable Law means the requirements relating to the administration of incentive plans under U.S, federal and state laws, any stock exchange on which the Company has listed the common shares of the Company to the extent provided under the terms of the Company s agreement with such exchange and, with respect to Awards subject to the laws of any foreign jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan, the laws of such jurisdiction. 
 (g) Award means an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Unrestricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, or Performance Unit granted pursuant to the terms of this Plan. 
 (h) Award Agreement means one or more documents prepared by the Company, in written or electronic form, that individually or collectively set forth the terms and conditions of an Award as authorized and approved by the Committee and granted under the Plan. An Award Agreement may be in the form of either (i) an agreement that is accepted, acknowledged, or consented to (including by negative consent) by the Participant or (ii) certificates, notices, or other documents evidencing the Award. 
 (i) Beneficial Owner has the meaning given in Rule 13d-3, promulgated pursuant to the Act. 
 (j) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (k) Cause means, (i) Cause as defined by any Individual Agreement to which the Participant is a party and which is operative at the time in question, or (ii) if there is no such Individual Agreement or if the applicable Individual Agreement does not define Cause , Cause as 
 1 

defined by any Award Agreement to which the Participate is a party and which is operative at the time in question, or (iii) if the applicable Award Agreement does not define Cause , the Committee s good faith determination that any of the following have occurred (A) Participant s commission of, indictment for, conviction of, pleading guilty to, confessing to, or entering of a plea of nolo contendere to any felony or any act of fraud, intentional misrepresentation, dishonesty, theft, embezzlement, conversion of the assets of the Company, moral turpitude, or a breach of trust, (B) failure on the part of the Participant to perform substantially such Participant s employment duties in any material respect, (C) Participant s prolonged absence from duty, unless pursuant to Company policy and or applicable law regarding employee leaves of absence, or otherwise with the consent of the Company, (D) breach by the Participant of any duty or contractual obligation owed by Participant to the Company, (E) material violation by Participant of any policy or procedure of the Company, (F) Participant s negligent or willful misconduct or malfeasance of duty which is reasonably determined to be detrimental to the Company, or (G) to the extent not covered by another subsection of this definition, Participant intentionally engaging in any activity that is reasonably determined by the Committee to be in conflict with or adverse to the business or other interests of the Company. 
 (l) Change in Control shall mean any of the following events 
 (A) Individuals who, during any 12-month period, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Directors cease for any reason to constitute at least 50 of the Board provided that any person becoming a director and whose election or nomination for election is approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board shall be an Incumbent Director provided, however, that no individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any person as defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Act (a Person ), other than the Board, including by reason of any agreement, shall be deemed an Incumbent Director 
 (B) Any Person, other than (i) any employee plan established by the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) the Company or any of its Affiliates, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities or (iv) an entity owned, directly or indirectly, by shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company, is or becomes (during any 12-month period) a Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of either (1) 30 or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the Company or (2) securities representing 30 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then-outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of directors (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliates of a business) representing 50 or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company provided that the provisions of this subsection (B) are not intended to apply to or include as a Change in Control any transaction that is specifically excepted from the definition of Change in Control under subsection (C) below 
 (C) The consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar corporate transaction involving the Company or a Subsidiary with any other corporation or other entity, or the issuance of voting securities in connection with such a transaction pursuant to applicable stock exchange requirements (a Transaction ), unless immediately following the Transaction (i) all or substantially all of the individuals who were Beneficial Owners, respectively, of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company and outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of directors immediately prior to the Transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 
 2 

60 of, respectively, the outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the outstanding securities entitled to vote in the election of directors (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity of the Transaction or parent entity thereof), (ii) no Person (other than the Company, a Subsidiary, the surviving entity, or any employee benefit plan or related trust sponsored or maintained by the foregoing) is or becomes a Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 30 or more of the outstanding common stock (not including in the common stock beneficially owned by such Person any common stock acquired directly from the Company or its Affiliates other than in connection with the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliates of a business) or 30 or more of the total voting power of the outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of directors of the surviving entity and (iii) at least a majority of the members of the board of the surviving entity were Incumbent Directors at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for the Transaction 
 (D) the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in which any Person acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such Person) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to more than 50 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions or 
 (E) approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if there is consummated any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the Shares immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions and (b) no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred upon the acquisition of additional control of the Company by any Person that is considered to effectively control the Company. In no event will a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred if any Participant is part of a group within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Act that effects a Change in Control. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision of any Award Agreement to the contrary, for any Award that provides for accelerated distribution on a Change in Control of amounts that constitute deferred compensation (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), if the event that constitutes such Change in Control does not also constitute a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets (in either case, as defined in Section 409A of the Code), such amount shall not be distributed on such Change in Control but instead shall vest as of such Change in Control and shall be distributed on the scheduled payment date specified in the applicable Award Agreement, except to the extent that earlier distribution would not result in the Participant who holds such Award incurring additional tax or interest under Section 409A of the Code. 
 (m) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto, regulations promulgated thereunder, and other relevant interpretive guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service or the Treasury Department. Reference to any specific section of the Code shall be deemed to include such regulations and guidance, as well as any successor provision of the Code. 
 (n) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board (or a subcommittee thereof or a successor thereto), unless and until otherwise designated by the Board. If there is no Compensation Committee of the Board, and the Board does not otherwise designate another committee, references herein to the Committee shall refer to the Board. 
 3 

(o) Common Stock means common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of the Company, and such other securities of the Company as may be substituted for Common Stock pursuant to Section 3.6. 
 (p) Company means Assurant, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 (q) Continuous Service means the absence of any interruption or termination of service as an employee, officer, consultant or director of the Company or any Affiliate, as applicable provided , however , that for purposes of an Incentive Stock Option Continuous Service means the absence of any interruption or termination of service as an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, pursuant to applicable tax regulations. Continuous Service shall not be considered interrupted in the following cases (i) a Participant transfers employment between the Company and an Affiliate or between Affiliates, (ii) in the discretion of the Committee as specified at or prior to such occurrence, in the case of a spin-off, sale or disposition of the Participant s employer from the Company or any Affiliate, (iii) a Participant transfers from being an employee of the Company or an Affiliate to being a director of the Company or of an Affiliate, or vice versa, (iv) in the discretion of the Committee as specified at or prior to such occurrence, a Participant transfers from being an employee of the Company or an Affiliate to being a consultant to the Company or of an Affiliate, or vice versa, or (v) any leave of absence authorized in writing by the Company prior to its commencement provided , however , that for purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed 90 days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, on the 91st day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonqualified Option. Whether military, government or other service or other leave of absence shall constitute a termination of Continuous Service shall be determined in each case by the Committee at its discretion, and any determination by the Committee shall be final and conclusive provided , however , that for purposes of any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A, the determination of a leave of absence must comply with the requirements of a bona fide leave of absence as provided in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h). 
 (r) Disability means (i) Disability as defined in the long term disability plan or policy maintained or most recently maintained by the Company or, if applicable, an Affiliate or Subsidiary, for any Participant, whether or not such Participant actually receives disability benefits under such plan or policy, except as otherwise defined under Applicable Law for Participants outside the United States, or (ii) if there is no such long term disability plan, Disability as defined by any Individual Agreement to which the Participant is a party and which is operative at the time in question, or (iii) if there is no such long term disability plan or Individual Agreement or if the applicable long term disability plan and Individual Agreement do not define Disability, the Participant (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (ii) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Participant s employer. In the event of a dispute, the determination whether a Participant has a Disability will be made by the Committee and may be supported by such medical or other evidence as the Committee deems necessary to judge the nature of the Participant s condition. Notwithstanding the foregoing (1) if the determination of Disability relates to an Incentive Stock Option, Disability shall mean permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, and (2) if the 
 4 

determination of Disability relates to any Award subject to Section 409A of the Code, Disability shall mean disability as defined within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (s) Disaffiliation means a Subsidiary s or Affiliate s ceasing to be a Subsidiary or Affiliate for any reason (including, without limitation, as a result of a public offering, or a spinoff or sale by the Company, of the stock of the Subsidiary or Affiliate) or a sale of a division of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (t) Dividend Equivalent has the meaning set forth in Section 9. 
 (u) Effective Date has the meaning assigned such term in Section 12.1. 
 (v) Eligible Individuals means directors, officers, employees, and consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (w) Fair Market Value means the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the Applicable Exchange on the date of measurement or, if Shares were not traded on the Applicable Exchange on such measurement date, on the next preceding date on which Shares were traded, all as reported by such source as the Committee may select. If the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange, Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in its good faith discretion, taking into account, to the extent appropriate, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. With respect to any property other than Shares, the fair market value of such property determined by such methods or procedures as shall be established from time to time by the Committee. 
 (x) Full-Value Award means an Award other than in the form of an Option or SAR, and which is settled by the issuance of Common Stock (or at the discretion of the Committee, settled in cash valued by reference to Common Stock value). 
 (y) Grant Date means (i) the date on which the Committee by resolution selects an Eligible Individual to receive a grant of an Award and determines the number of Shares to be subject to such Award, or (ii) such later date as the Committee shall provide in such resolution. Notice of the grant shall be provided to the grantee within a reasonable time after the Grant Date. 
 (z) Good Reason (or a similar term denoting constructive termination) has the meaning, if any, assigned such term in the Individual Agreement, if any, between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate provided, however, that if there is no such Individual Agreement in which such term is defined, Good Reason shall have the meaning, if any, given such term in the applicable Award Agreement. If not defined in either such document, the term Good Reason means termination of Participant s employment by Participant on account of any of the following (i) a material reduction in the Participant s total compensation and such reduction is not related to either individual or corporate performance (ii) a material reduction in the Participant s annual or long-term incentive opportunities (iii) a material diminution in the Participant s duties, responsibilities, or authority or (iv) a relocation of more than 50 miles from the Participant s office or location, except for travel reasonably required in the performance of the Participant s responsibilities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no termination of employment by the Participant will constitute a Good Reason termination unless (A) the Participant gives the Company s Chief Legal Officer written notice of the event described in clauses (i) through (iv) above giving rise to the Participant s intended termination for Good Reason within 60 days following the occurrence of such event, (B) the Company does not remedy such event within 30 days of the date of receipt of such written notice, and (C) the Participant terminates employment within 30 days of the end of such cure period. 
 5 

(aa) Incentive Stock Option means any Option that is designated in the applicable Award Agreement as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision thereto, and that in fact so qualifies. 
 (bb) Individual Agreement means an employment, consulting, severance, change in control severance, or similar agreement between a Participant and the Company or between the Participant and any of the Company s Subsidiaries or Affiliates. For purposes of this Plan, an Individual Agreement shall be considered operative during its term provided , that an Individual Agreement under which severance or other substantive protections, compensation and or benefits are provided only following a change in control or termination of employment in anticipation of a change in control shall not be considered operative until the occurrence of a change in control or termination of employment in anticipation of a change in control, as applicable. 
 (cc) ISO Eligible Employee means an employee of the Company, any subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code), or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code). 
 (dd) Management Committee means the management committee of the Company. 
 (ee) Non-Employee Director means a director of the Company who is not a common law employee of the Company or an Affiliate 
 (ff) Nonqualified Option means any Option that either (i) is not designated as an Incentive Stock Option or (ii) is so designated but fails to qualify as such. 
 (gg) Option means an Award granted under Section 5 of the Plan to purchase Common Stock at a specified price during specified time periods. An Option may be either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Option. 
 (hh) Participant means an Eligible Individual to whom an Award is or has been granted provided that in the case of the death of a Participant, the term Participant refers to a beneficiary designated pursuant to Section 14.5 or the legal guardian or other legal representative acting in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of the Participant under applicable state law and court supervision. 
 (ii) Performance Goals means the performance goals established by the Committee in connection with the grant of an Award. 
 (jj) Performance Period means that period established by the Committee at the time any Award is granted or at any time thereafter during which any Performance Goal specified by the Committee with respect to such Award is to be measured. 
 (kk) Performance Shares shall have the meaning given in Section 7.1. 
 (ll) Performance Units shall have the meaning given in Section 8.1. 
 (mm) Plan means this Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, as set forth herein and as hereafter amended from time to time. 
 (nn) Prior Plan means the Amended and Restated Assurant, Inc. Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, effective as of January 1, 2012. 
 (oo) Recoupment Policy means the Assurant, Inc. Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy adopted by the Committee, effective as of January 1, 2012, as may be amended from time to time. 
 6 

(pp) Restricted Stock means any Share subject to certain restrictions and forfeiture conditions, granted pursuant to Section 7. 
 (qq) Restricted Stock Units means a contractual right granted pursuant to Section 8 that is denominated in Shares. Each RSU represents a right to receive the value of one Share (or a percentage of such value) in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. Awards of RSUs may include the right to receive dividend equivalents. 
 (rr) Retirement shall have the meaning given to that term in the Assurant Pension Plan (as restated effective January 1, 2013), as amended from time to time. 
 (ss) Share means a share of Common Stock. If there has been an adjustment or substitution with respect to the Shares (whether or not pursuant to Section 3.6), the term Shares shall also include any shares of stock or other securities that are substituted for Shares or into which Shares are adjusted. 
 (tt) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. 
 (uu) Subsidiary means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, or other entity during any period in which at least a 50 voting or profits interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any successor to the Company. Whether employment by or service with a Subsidiary is included within the scope of the Plan shall be determined by the Committee. 
 (vv) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person owning stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company, any subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code), or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code). 
 (ww) Term means the maximum period during which an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may remain outstanding, subject to earlier termination as specified in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (xx) Termination of Service means, the termination of service as an employee, officer, consultant or director of the Company or any Affiliate, as applicable provided, however, a Termination of Service shall not be deemed to have occurred in the following cases (i) a Participant transfers employment between the Company and any Affiliate or between Affiliates, (ii) in the discretion of the Committee as specified at or prior to such occurrence, or (iii) the cessation of employee status but the continuation of the performance of services for the Company or a Subsidiary as a director or consultant shall not be deemed a cessation of service that would constitute a Termination of Service provided, further, that a Termination of Service shall be deemed to occur for a Participant employed by, or performing services for, a Subsidiary when such Subsidiary ceases to be a Subsidiary unless such Participant s employment or service continues with the Company or another Subsidiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Award that constitutes deferred compensation (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), a Termination of Service occurs when a Participant experiences a separation of service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code). 
 SECTION 2. Administration 
 2.1. Committee. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee or a duly designated Administrator, as defined herein. The Committee shall, subject to Section 11, have plenary authority to grant Awards to Eligible Individuals pursuant to the terms of the Plan. Among other things, the Committee (or its delegate) shall have the authority, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan 
 (a) To select the Eligible Individuals to whom Awards may be granted 
 7 

(b) To determine whether and to what extent Awards are to be granted hereunder 
 (c) To determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted under the Plan 
 (d) To determine the terms and conditions of each Award granted hereunder, based on such factors as the Committee shall determine 
 (e) To adopt, alter, or repeal such administrative rules, guidelines, and practices governing the Plan as the Committee shall from time to time deem advisable 
 (f) To interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and any agreement relating thereto) 
 (g) Subject to Section 12, to accelerate the vesting or lapse of restrictions of any outstanding Award upon the termination of service of a Participant or in connection with a Change in Control, based in each case on such considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion may determine 
 (h) To correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award in the manner and to the extent it deems necessary to carry out the intent of the Plan 
 (i) To decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award 
 (j) To determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances cash, Shares, and other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award under this Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant and 
 (k) To otherwise administer the Plan. 
 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, grants of Awards to Non-Employee Directors under the Plan shall be made only in accordance with the terms, conditions and parameters of a plan, program, or policy for the compensation of Non-Employee Directors that is approved and administered by a committee of the Board consisting solely of independent directors. 
 2.2. Committee Procedures Board Authority. The Committee shall exercise its authority under the Plan as follows 
 (a) The Committee may act only with the assent of a majority of its members then in office, except that the Committee may, unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law, including under Section 157(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law or the listing standards of the Applicable Exchange, (i) allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers, including the authority to grant Options and SARs or other Awards in the form of Share rights, and (ii) delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers, to any one or more of its members and to any person or persons selected by it, including to a member or members of the Management Committee (the Administrator ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may not so delegate any responsibility or power to the extent that such delegation would make any Award hereunder subject to (and not exempt from) the short-swing recovery rules of Section 16(b) of the Act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may not delegate its responsibilities and powers to grant and establish the terms and conditions of Awards to Participants who are subject to Section 16(b) of the Act. 
 (b) Any authority granted to the Committee may also be exercised by the full Board. To the extent that any permitted action taken by the Board conflicts with action taken by the Committee, the Board action shall control. To the extent the Board has reserved any authority and responsibility or during any time that the Board is acting as the Administrator, it shall have all the powers and protections of the Committee hereunder, and any reference herein to the Committee (other than in this Section 2.2(b)) shall include the Board. 
 8 

2.3. Discretion of Committee. Any determination made by the Committee or by the Administrator under the provisions of the Plan with respect to any Award shall be made in the sole discretion of the Committee or the Administrator at the time of the grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan, at any time thereafter. All decisions made by the Committee or the Administrator shall be final and binding on all persons, including the Company, Participants, and Eligible Individuals. Each member of the Committee is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information furnished to that member by any officer or other employee of the Company or any Affiliate, the Company s or an Affiliate s independent certified public accountants, Company counsel or any executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Company or the Committee to assist in the administration of the Plan. No member of the Committee will be liable for any good faith determination, act or omission in connection with the Plan or any Award. 
 2.4. Award Agreements. The terms and conditions of each Award, as determined by the Committee, shall be set forth in a written Award Agreement, which shall be delivered to the Participant receiving such Award upon, or as promptly as is reasonably practicable following, the grant of such Award. Award Agreements may be amended only in accordance with Section 12 hereof. 
 SECTION 3. Common Stock Subject to Plan Limitations on Awards Adjustment Provisions 
 3.1. Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.6, as of the Amendment Date, the aggregate number of Shares reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan shall be 1,840,112, plus a number of additional Shares underlying awards outstanding as of the Amendment Date that thereafter terminate or expire unexercised, or are cancelled, forfeited or lapse for any reason. The maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon exercise of Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan shall be 1,840,112. From and after the Effective Date, no further awards shall be granted under the Prior Plan and the Prior Plan shall remain in effect only so long as awards granted thereunder shall remain outstanding. 
 3.2. Share Counting. Shares covered by an Award shall be subtracted from the Plan share reserve as of the Grant Date but shall be added back to the Plan share reserve or otherwise treated in accordance with this Section 3.2. 
 (a) The full number of Shares subject to the Option shall count against the number of Shares remaining available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan, even if the exercise price of an Option is satisfied through net-settlement or by delivering Shares to the Company (by either actual delivery or attestation). 
 (b) Upon exercise of Stock Appreciation Rights that are settled in Shares, the full number of Stock Appreciation Rights (rather than any lesser number based on the net number of Shares actually delivered upon exercise) shall count against the number of Shares remaining available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan. 
 (c) Shares withheld from an Option or SAR to satisfy tax withholding requirements shall count against the number of Shares remaining available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan, and Shares delivered by a participant to satisfy tax withholding requirements with respect to an Option or SAR shall not be added to the Plan share reserve. 
 (d) Shares withheld from a Full-Value Award to satisfy tax withholding requirements shall not count against the number of Shares remaining available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan, and Shares delivered by a participant to satisfy tax withholding requirements with respect to a Full-Value Award shall be added to the Plan share reserve. 
 (e) To the extent that an Award is canceled, terminates, expires, is forfeited, or lapses for any reason, any unissued or forfeited Shares subject to the Award will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan. 
 9 

(f) Shares subject to Awards settled in cash will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan. 
 (g) To the extent that the full number of Shares subject to a Full Value Award is not issued for any reason, including by reason of failure to achieve maximum Performance Goals, the unissued Shares originally subject to the Award will be added back to the Plan share reserve and again be available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan. 
 (h) Subject to applicable Exchange requirements, shares available under a stockholder-approved plan of a company acquired by the Company (as appropriately adjusted to Shares to reflect the transaction) may be issued under the Plan pursuant to Awards granted to individuals who were not employees of the Company or its Affiliates immediately before such transaction and will not count against the maximum share limitation specified in Section 3.1. 
 3.3. Stock Distributed. Any Stock distributed pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Stock, treasury Stock or Stock purchased on the open market. 
 3.4. Limitation on Awards. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary (but subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.6) 
 (a) Options . The maximum number of Options granted under the Plan in any calendar year to any one Participant shall be for 300,000 Shares. 
 (b) SARs . The maximum number of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan in any calendar year to any one Participant shall be with respect to 300,000 Shares. 
 (c) Performance-Based Awards . With respect to any calendar year (i) the maximum amount that may be paid to any one Participant for Performance-Based Awards payable in cash or property other than Shares shall be 7,500,000, and (ii) the maximum number of Shares that may be paid to any one Participant for Performance-Based Awards shall be 300,000 Shares. For purposes of applying these limits in the case of multi-year performance periods, the amount of cash or property or number of Shares deemed paid with respect to any calendar year is the total amount payable or Shares earned for the performance period divided by the number of calendar years in the performance period. 
 (d) Awards to Non-Employee Directors . The maximum number of Shares subject to Non-Employee Director Awards that may be granted to any Non-Employee Director in any calendar year shall be limited to a number that, combined with any cash fees or other compensation paid to such Non-Employee Director, shall not exceed 750,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such Non-Employee Director Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Awards for financial reporting purposes) provided that the Board may make exceptions to this limit for individual Non-Employee Directors in extraordinary circumstances as the Board may determine in its sole discretion, so long as (i) the aggregate limit does not exceed 850,000 in total value during a fiscal year and (ii) the Non-Employee Director receiving such additional compensation does not participate in the decision to award such compensation or in other contemporaneous compensation decisions involving Non-Employee Directors. 
 3.5. Minimum Vesting Requirements. (a) Subject to the following sentence, Full Value Awards, Options and SARs granted under the Plan shall be subject to a minimum vesting period of three years (which may include graduated vesting within such three-year period provided, however, that no portion of any Award subject to graduated vesting shall vest earlier than one year after grant), or one year if the vesting is based on performance criteria other than continued service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Committee may permit and authorize acceleration of vesting of such Full Value Awards, Options or SARs in the event of the Participant s termination of service, or the occurrence of a Change in Control, and (ii) the Committee may grant Full Value Awards, Options and SARs without 
 10 

respect to the above-described minimum vesting requirements with respect to Awards covering 5 or fewer of the total number of Shares authorized under the Plan. 
 3.6. Adjustment Provisions. Subject to applicable law, the Committee shall have authority to make equitable adjustments under the Plan as provided below (including by payment of cash) In the event of a merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or shares, stock rights offering, liquidation, separation, spinoff, Disaffiliation, extraordinary dividend of cash or other property, or similar event affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a Corporate Transaction ), the Committee, or the Board may in its discretion make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable to (i) the aggregate number and kind of Shares or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (ii) the various maximum limitations set forth in Sections 3.1 and 3.4, (iii) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to outstanding Awards, and (iv) the exercise price of outstanding Awards. 
 (a) In the event of a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders that causes the per share value of the Common Stock to change (including, without limitation, a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, share combination, spin-off, rights offering recapitalization, or similar event affecting the capital structure of the Company), the Committee or the Board shall make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of rights immediately resulting from such transaction. Action by the Committee or Board may include adjustments to (i) the aggregate number and kind of Shares or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (ii) the various maximum limitations set forth in Sections 3.1 and 3.4, (iii) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to outstanding Awards, and (iv) the exercise price of outstanding Awards. 
 (b) In the case of Corporate Transactions, such adjustments may include, without limitation, (i) the cancellation of outstanding Awards in exchange for payments of cash, property, or a combination thereof having an aggregate value equal to the value of such Awards, as determined by the Committee or the Board in its sole discretion (it being understood that, in the case of a Corporate Transaction with respect to which stockholders of Common Stock receive consideration other than publicly traded equity securities of the surviving entity, any such determination by the Committee that the value of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall for this purpose be deemed to equal the excess, if any, of the value of the consideration being paid for each Share pursuant to such Corporate Transaction over the exercise price of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall conclusively be deemed valid), (ii) the substitution of other property (including, without limitation, cash or other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the Company) for the Shares subject to outstanding Awards, and (iii) in connection with any Disaffiliation, arranging for the assumption of Awards, or replacement of Awards with new awards based on other property or other securities (including, without limitation, other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the Company), by the affected Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division of the Company or by the entity that controls such Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division of the Company following such Disaffiliation (as well as any corresponding adjustments to Awards that remain based upon Company securities). 
 (c) The Committee may adjust the Performance Goals applicable to any Awards to reflect any unusual or nonrecurring events and other extraordinary items, including without limitation impact of charges for restructurings, discontinued operations, asset write-downs or impairment charges, litigation or claim judgments or settlements, acquisitions or divestitures, foreign exchange gains and losses, renegotiations of material contract terms and natural catastrophes or acts of God and the cumulative effects of accounting or tax changes, each as defined by generally accepted accounting principles or as identified in the Company s financial statements, notes to the financial statements, management s discussion and analysis, or other public filings. 
 3.7. Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing (a) any adjustments made pursuant to Section 3.6 to Awards that are considered deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 
 11 

409A of the Code shall be made in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, (b) any adjustments made pursuant to Section 3.6 to Awards that are not considered deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be made in such a manner as to ensure that, after such adjustment, the Awards either (i) continue not to be subject to Section 409A of the Code, or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and (c) in any event, the Board, the Committee, and the Administrator shall not have any authority to make any adjustments pursuant to Section 3.6 to the extent the existence of such authority would cause an Award that is not intended to be subject to Section 409A of the Code at the Grant Date to be subject thereto as of the Grant Date. 
 SECTION 4. Eligibility 
 4.1. Eligible Individuals Incentive Stock Options. Awards may be granted under the Plan to Eligible Individuals provided , however, that Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code). Eligible Individuals who are service providers to an Affiliate may be granted Options or SARs under this Plan only if the Affiliate qualifies as an eligible issuer of service recipient stock within the meaning of 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E) of the final regulations under Code Section 409A. 
 SECTION 5. Options 
 The Committee is authorized to grant Options to Eligible Individuals with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions, in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine 
 5.1. Exercise Price . The exercise price per Share subject to an Option shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the applicable Grant Date provided, however, that if an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, the exercise price shall be no less than 110 of the Fair Market Value of the Stock on the applicable Grant Date. 
 5.2. Term . The Term of each Option shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed ten years from the Grant Date. Subject to Section 3.5, the Committee shall determine the time or times at which an Option becomes vested and exercisable in whole or in part. 
 5.3. Vesting and Exercisability . Subject to Section 3.5, Options shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Committee. 
 5.4. Method of Exercise . Subject to the provisions of this Section 5, Options may be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time during the applicable Term by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of Shares as to which the Option is being exercised provided, however, that, unless otherwise permitted by the Committee, any such exercise must be with respect to a portion of the applicable Option relating to no less than the lesser of the number of Shares then subject to such Option or 50 Shares. In the case of the exercise of an Option, such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price (which shall equal the product of such number of shares multiplied by the applicable exercise price) by certified or bank check or such other instrument as the Company may accept. The Committee shall determine the methods by which, and the forms which payment of the exercise price with respect thereto may be made or deemed to have been made, including cash, Shares, other Awards, other property, net settlement (including broker-assisted cashless exercise) or any combination thereof, having a Fair Market Value on the exercise date equal to the relevant exercise price. 
 5.5. Dividend Equivalents . No Option shall provide for Dividend Equivalents. 
 5.6. Incentive Stock Option Limitations. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value, determined at the time of grant, of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time during any calendar year under the Plan or any other stock option 
 12 

plan of the Company, any subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code), or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code) exceeds 100,000, such Options shall be deemed Nonqualified Options. If an ISO Eligible Employee does not remain employed by the Company, any subsidiary corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code), or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code) at all times from the time an Incentive Stock Option is granted until 3 months prior to the date of exercise thereof (or such other period as required by applicable law), such Option shall be treated as a Nonqualified Stock Option. Should any provision of the Plan not be necessary in order for any Options to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, or should any additional provisions be required, the Committee may amend the Plan accordingly, without the necessity of obtaining the approval of the stockholders of the Company. 
 5.7. Delivery Rights of Stockholders. No Shares shall be delivered pursuant to the exercise of an Option until the exercise price therefor has been fully paid and applicable taxes have been withheld. The applicable Participant shall have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company holding the class or series of Common Stock that is subject to the Option (including, if applicable, the right to vote the applicable Shares and the right to receive dividends), when (a) the Company has received a written notice from the Participant of exercise that complies with all procedures established under this Plan for effective exercise, including, without limitation, completion and delivery of all required forms, (b) the Participant has, if requested, given the representation described in Section 14.6, and (c) the Participant has paid in full for such Shares. 
 5.8. No Deferral Feature. No Option shall provide for any feature for the deferral of compensation other than the deferral of recognition of income until the exercise or disposition of the Option. 
 5.9. No Repricing. Except for adjustments made pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Plan, the exercise price of any outstanding Option granted under the Plan may not be decreased, directly or indirectly, after the date of grant nor may any outstanding Option with an exercise price in excess of Fair Market Value be surrendered to the Company as consideration for cash, the grant of a new Option with a lower exercise price, or the grant of another Award without the approval of the Company s stockholders. 
 SECTION 6. SARs 
 The Committee is authorized to grant SARs to Eligible Individuals with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions, in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine 
 6.1. Nature of Stock Appreciation Rights. Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, the Participant shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash, Shares, or both, in value equal to the product of (a) the excess of the Fair Market Value of one Share over the exercise price of the applicable Stock Appreciation Right, multiplied by (b) the number of Shares in respect of which the Stock Appreciation Right has been exercised. The applicable Award Agreement shall specify whether such payment is to be made in cash or Common Stock or both, or shall reserve to the Committee or the Participant the right to make that determination prior to or upon the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right. 
 6.2. Type of SARs . SARs may be granted under the Plan to Participants either alone freestanding or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan tandem and may, but need not, relate to a specific Option granted under Article 4. 
 6.3. Exercise Price. The exercise price per Share subject to a SAR shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the applicable Grant Date. 
 13 

6.4. Term. The Term of each SAR shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed ten years from the Grant Date. Subject to Section 3.5, the Committee shall determine the time or times at which a SAR becomes vested and exercisable in whole or in part. 
 6.5. Vesting and Exercisability. Subject to Section 3.5, SARs shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Committee. 
 6.6. Method of Exercise. Subject to the provisions of this 5, SARs may be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time during the applicable Term by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of Shares as to which the SAR is being exercised provided , however, that, unless otherwise permitted by the Committee, any such exercise must be with respect to a portion of the applicable SAR relating to no less than the lesser of the number of Shares then subject to such SAR or 50 Shares. 
 6.7. No Dividend Equivalents. No SAR shall provide for Dividend Equivalents. 
 6.8. Delivery Rights of Stockholders. No Shares shall be delivered pursuant to the exercise of a SAR until the exercise price therefor has been fully paid and applicable taxes have been withheld. The applicable Participant shall have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company holding the class or series of Common Stock that is subject to the Stock Appreciation Right (including, if applicable, the right to vote the applicable Shares and the right to receive dividends), when (a) the Company has received a written notice from the Participant of exercise that complies with all procedures established under this Plan for effective exercise, including, without limitation, completion and delivery of all required forms, (b) the Participant has, if requested, given the representation described in Section 14.6, and (c) the Participant has paid in full for such Shares. 
 6.9. No Deferral Feature. No SAR shall provide for any feature for the deferral of compensation other than the deferral of recognition of income until the exercise or disposition of the SAR. 
 6.10. No Repricing . Except for adjustments made pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Plan, the exercise price of any outstanding Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan may not be decreased, directly or indirectly, after the date of grant nor may any outstanding Stock Appreciation Right with an exercise price in excess of Fair Market Value be surrendered to the Company as consideration for cash, the grant of a new Stock Appreciation Right with a lower exercise price, or the grant of another Award without the approval of the Company s stockholders. 
 SECTION 7. Restricted Stock (Including Performance Shares) and Unrestricted Stock 
 7.1. Nature of Award Agreements. Shares of Restricted Stock and Unrestricted Stock are actual Shares issued to a Participant and shall be evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate, including book entry registration or issuance of one or more stock certificates. Shares of Restricted Stock are Shares that are subject to such restrictions on transferability and other restrictions as the Committee may impose (including, for example, limitations on the right to vote Restricted Stock or the right to receive dividends on the Restricted Stock). These restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times, under such circumstances, in such installments, upon the satisfaction of performance goals or otherwise, as the Committee determines at the time of the grant of the Award or thereafter. Shares of Unrestricted Stock , the grant of which are subject to Section 3.5, are Shares not otherwise subject to conditions on grant, vesting, or transferability. Performance Shares are Shares of Restricted Stock, the vesting of which is subject to the attainment of Performance Goals. Any certificate issued in respect of Shares of Restricted Stock or Unrestricted Stock shall be registered in the name of the applicable Participant and, in the case of Restricted Stock, shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award, substantially in the following form 
 The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity 
 14 

Incentive Plan and an Award Agreement. Copies of such Plan and Agreement are on file at the offices of Assurant, Inc., 55 Broadway, Suite 2901, New York, New York 10006. 
 The Committee may require that the certificates evidencing such shares be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed and that, as a condition of any Award of Restricted Stock, the applicable Participant shall have delivered a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Common Stock covered by such Award. 
 7.2. Terms and Conditions. Shares of Restricted Stock shall be subject to the following terms and conditions 
 (a) The Committee shall, prior to or at the time of grant, condition (i) the vesting or transferability of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the continued service of the applicable Participant or (ii) the grant, vesting, or transferability of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of Performance Goals, or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant. In the event that the Committee conditions the grant or vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant, the Committee may, prior to or at the time of grant, designate such an Award as a Performance-Based Award. The conditions for grant, vesting, or transferability and the other provisions of Restricted Stock Awards (including without limitation any Performance Goals applicable to Performance Shares) need not be the same with respect to each Participant. 
 (b) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing with the date of such Restricted Stock Award for which such vesting restrictions apply and until the expiration of such vesting restrictions (the Restriction Period ), the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, or otherwise encumber Shares of Restricted Stock. 
 (c) If any applicable Performance Goals are satisfied and the Restriction Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Shares of Restricted Stock for which legended certificates have been issued, either (i) unlegended certificates for such Shares shall be delivered to the Participant upon surrender of the legended certificates, or (ii) such Shares shall be evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate, including book-entry registration. 
 7.3. Except as provided in the applicable Award Agreement, the applicable Participant shall have, with respect to Shares of Restricted Stock and Unrestricted Stock, all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company holding the class or series of Common Stock that is the subject of the Restricted Stock or Unrestricted Stock, including, if applicable, the right to vote the Shares and the right to receive any dividends and other distributions. 
 SECTION 8. Restricted Stock Units (Including Performance Units) 
 8.1. Nature of Award. Restricted Stock Units are Awards denominated in Shares that will be settled, subject to the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units, (a) in cash, based upon the Fair Market Value of a specified number of Shares, (b) in Shares, or (c) a combination thereof. Performance Units are Restricted Stock Units, the vesting of which is subject to the attainment of Performance Goals. 
 8.2. Terms and Conditions. Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the following terms and conditions 
 (a) The Committee may, prior to or at the time of grant, condition (i) the grant, vesting, or transferability of Restricted Stock Units upon the continued service of the applicable Participant or (ii) the grant, vesting, or transferability of Restricted Stock Units upon the attainment of Performance Goals, or the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant. In the event that the Committee grants Performance Units or conditions the 
 15 

grant or vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant, the Committee may, prior to or at the time of grant, designate such Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units as Performance-Based Awards. The conditions for grant, vesting or transferability and the other provisions of Restricted Stock Units (including without limitation any Performance Goals applicable to Performance Units) need not be the same with respect to each Participant. An Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as and when the Restricted Stock Units vest or at a later time specified by the Committee or in accordance with an election of the Participant, if the Committee so permits. 
 (b) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing with the date of such Restricted Stock Units for which such vesting restrictions apply and until the expiration of such vesting restrictions (the Restriction Period ), the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, or otherwise encumber Restricted Stock Units. 
 (c) The Award Agreement for Restricted Stock Units may specify whether, to what extent, and on what terms and conditions the applicable Participant shall be entitled to receive current or deferred payments of cash, Shares, or other property corresponding to the dividends payable on the Company s Stock (subject to Section 15.4 below). 
 SECTION 9. Dividend Equivalents 
 9.1 Nature of Award. The Committee is authorized to grant Dividend Equivalents with respect to Full-Value Awards granted hereunder, subject to such terms and conditions as may be selected by the Committee. Dividend Equivalents shall entitle the Participant to receive payments having a value equal to the dividends that would be payable with respect to all or a portion of the number of Shares subject to a Full-Value Award, as determined by the Committee. 
 9.2 Terms and Conditions. Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Committee. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Dividend Equivalents may be made subject to vesting conditions that are the same as, or different from the vesting conditions of the other Award to which they relate may be payable in cash, Shares or other property or any combination thereof and may be payable at the same time as the related actual dividends are paid to stockholders, or deemed to have been reinvested in additional Shares or otherwise deferred (subject to compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code). 
 SECTION 10. Change in Control Provisions 
 10.1 Impact of Event. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, upon a Change in Control, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, take any one or more of the following actions with respect to any outstanding Award, which need not be uniform with respect to all Participants and or Awards 
 (a) Awards Assumed or Substituted by Surviving Entity . With respect to Awards assumed by the surviving entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with a Change in Control if within two years after the effective date of the Change in Control, a Participant s employment is terminated without Cause or the Participant resigns for Good Reason, then (i) all of that Participant s outstanding Options, SARs and other Awards in the nature of rights that may be exercised shall become fully exercisable, (ii) all time-based vesting restrictions on his or her outstanding Awards shall lapse, and (iii) the payout level under all of that Participant s Performance-Based Awards that were outstanding immediately prior to effective time of the Change in Control shall be determined and deemed to have been earned as of the date of termination based upon the greater of (A) an assumed achievement of all relevant Performance Goals at the target level pro-rated based upon the length of time within the performance period that has elapsed prior to the termination of employment date, or (B) the actual level of 
 16 

achievement of all relevant Performance Goals (measured as of the latest date immediately preceding the date of termination for which performance can, as a practical matter, be determined), and, in either such case, there shall be a payout to such Participant within 60 days following the termination of employment date (unless a later date is required by Section 15.22 hereof). With regard to each Award, a Participant shall not be considered to have resigned for Good Reason unless either (1) the Award Agreement includes such provision or (2) the Participant is party to an employment, severance or similar agreement with the Company or an Affiliate that includes provisions in which the Participant is permitted to resign for Good Reason. Any Awards shall thereafter continue or lapse in accordance with the other provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement. To the extent that this provision causes Incentive Stock Options to exceed the dollar limitation set forth in Code Section 422(d), the excess Options shall be deemed to be Nonqualified Options. 
 (b) Awards not Assumed or Substituted by Surviving Entity . Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, and except with respect to any Awards assumed by the surviving entity or otherwise equitably converted or substituted in connection with the Change in Control in a manner approved by the Committee or the Board 
 (i) the vesting of such awards may be accelerated, and the restrictions thereon may lapse in accordance with the following 
 A. outstanding Options, SARs, and other Awards in the nature of rights that may be exercised shall become fully exercisable 
 B. time-based vesting restrictions on outstanding Awards shall lapse and 
 C. the target payout opportunities attainable under outstanding Performance-Based Awards shall be deemed to have been fully earned as of the effective date of the Change in Control based upon the greater of (1) an assumed achievement of all relevant Performance Goals at the target level pro-rated based upon the length of time within the performance period that has elapsed prior to the Change in Control, or (2) the actual level of achievement of all relevant Performance Goals (measured as of the latest date immediately preceding the Change in Control for which performance can, as a practical matter, be determined), and, in either such case, there shall be a payout to Participants within 60 days following the Change in Control (unless a later date is required by Section 15.22 hereof). 
 Any Awards shall thereafter continue or lapse in accordance with the other provisions of the Plan and the Award Certificate. To the extent that this provision causes Incentive Stock Options to exceed the dollar limitation set forth in Code Section 422(d), the excess Options shall be deemed to be Nonqualified Stock Options and 
 (ii) in addition, such Awards may be cancelled in consideration of a payment, with the form, amount and timing of such payment determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, subject to the following (A) such payment shall be made in cash, securities, rights and or other property (B) the amount of such payment shall equal the value of such Award, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion provided that, in the case of an Option or SAR, if such value equals (1) the excess, if any, of the price implied per Share in a Change in Control over (2) the exercise price of such Awards multiplied by (3) the number of Shares covered by such Award (the Intrinsic Valu e ), of such Award, such value shall be deemed to be valid provided further that, if the Intrinsic Value of an Option or SAR is equal to or less than zero, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide for the cancellation of such Award without payment of any consideration therefor and (C) such payment shall be made promptly following such Change in Control or on a specified date or dates 
 17 

following such Change in Control provided that the timing of such payment shall comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
 10.2 Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, each Award shall terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such action, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. 
 SECTION 11. Performance-Based Awards 
 11.1. Performance-Based Awards. When granting any Award other than an Option or SAR, the Committee may designate such Award as a Performance-Based Award by conditioning the right of a Participant to have it settled, and the timing thereof, upon the achievement or satisfaction of such Performance Goals within a Performance Period, each as may be specified by the Committee. The Committee may establish different Performance Periods for different Participants, and the Committee may establish concurrent or overlapping Performance Periods. Performance Periods established by the Committee for any Performance-Based Award may be as short as 12 months and may be any longer period. 
 11.2. Performance Goals and Other Conditions. Each Performance-Based Award (other than an Option or SAR) shall be earned, vested, and or payable (as applicable) only upon the achievement of one or more Performance Goals, together with the satisfaction of any other conditions, such as continued employment, as the Committee may determine to be appropriate. The Committee may use such business criteria and other performance measures as it may deem appropriate in establishing any objective Performance Goals for Performance-Based Awards. 
 11.3. Inclusions and Exclusions from Performance Goals. The Committee may provide in any Performance-Based Award, at the time the Performance Goals are established, that any evaluation of performance shall exclude or otherwise objectively adjust for any specified circumstance or event that occurs during a performance period, including by way of example but without limitation the following (a) asset write-downs or impairment charges (b) litigation or claim judgments or settlements (c) the effect of changes in tax laws, accounting principles or other laws or provisions affecting reported results (d) accruals for reorganization and restructuring programs (e) extraordinary nonrecurring items as described in then-current accounting principles (f) extraordinary nonrecurring items as described in management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations appearing in the Company s annual report to stockholders for the applicable year (g) acquisitions or divestitures (h) foreign exchange gains and losses (i) extraordinary renegotiations of material contract terms and (j) extraordinary natural catastrophes or acts of God. 
 11.4. Award Limits. Section 3.4 sets forth (i) the maximum number of Shares that may be granted in any one-year period to a Participant in designated forms of stock-based Awards, and (ii) the maximum aggregate dollar amount that may be paid with respect to cash-based Awards under the Plan to any one Participant in any fiscal year of the Company. 
 SECTION 12. Term, Amendment, and Termination 
 12.1 Effectiveness. The Plan is effective as of May 11, 2017 (the Effective Date ), which is the date the Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders. The amendments to the Plan as set forth herein shall be effective as of December 2, 2022. 
 12.2 Termination. Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, the Plan will terminate on the 10th anniversary of the Effective Date or, if the stockholders approve an amendment to the Plan that increases the number of Shares subject to the Plan, the tenth anniversary of the date of such approval. Awards outstanding as of such date shall not be affected or impaired by the termination of the Plan. 
 12.3 Amendment of Plan. The Board or the Committee may amend, alter, or discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration, or discontinuation shall be made which would materially impair the rights 
 18 

of any Participant with respect to a previously granted Award without such Participant s consent, except such an amendment made to comply with applicable law, including, without limitation, Section 409A of the Code, stock exchange rules, or accounting rules. In addition, no such amendment shall be made without the approval of the Company s stockholders (a) to the extent that such approval is required (i) by applicable law or by the listing standards of the Applicable Exchange as in effect as of the Effective Date or (ii) by applicable law or under the listing standards of the Applicable Exchange as may be required after the Effective Date, (b) to the extent that such amendment would materially increase the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (c) to the extent that such amendment would materially increase the number of securities which may be issued under the Plan, or (d) to the extent that such amendment would materially modify the requirements for participation in the Plan. 
 12.4 Amendment of Awards. Subject to Sections 5.11 and 6.12, the Committee may unilaterally amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, but no such amendment shall without the Participant s consent, materially impair the rights of any Participant with respect to an Award, except such an amendment made to cause the Plan or Award to comply with applicable law, stock exchange rules, or accounting rules. 
 SECTION 13. Unfunded Status of Plan 
 13.1. Unfunded Status Committee Authority. It is presently intended that the Plan will constitute an unfunded plan for incentive and deferred compensation. The Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under the Plan to deliver Shares or make payments provided , however, that unless the Committee otherwise determines, the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the unfunded status of the Plan. 
 SECTION 14. General Provisions Applicable to Awards 
 14.1. Consideration for Awards. Awards shall be granted for such cash or other consideration, if any, as the Committee determines provided that in no event shall Awards be issued for less than such minimal consideration as may be required by applicable law. 
 14.2. Awards Granted in Tandem. Awards may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or in addition to or in tandem with any other Award or any award granted under any other plan of the Company. Awards granted in addition to or in tandem with other Awards, or in addition to or in tandem with awards granted under any other plan of the Company, may be granted either at the same time as or at a different time from the grant of such other Awards or awards. 
 14.3. Form of Payments or Transfers. Subject to the terms of the Plan, payments or transfers to be made by the Company upon the grant, exercise or settlement of an Award may be made in the form of cash, Shares, other Awards, other property, net settlement, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Committee in its discretion at the time of grant, and may be made in a single payment or transfer, in installments or on a deferred basis, in each case in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Committee. Such rules and procedures may include provisions for the payment or crediting of reasonable interest on installment or deferred payments or the grant or crediting of dividend equivalents in respect of installment or deferred payment. 
 14.4. Non-Transferability. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 14.4, Awards under the Plan are not transferable except by will or by laws of descent and distribution. 
 (a) Nontransferability of Options or SARs . No Option or SAR shall be transferable by a Participant other than, for no value or consideration, (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or (ii) in the case of a Nonqualified Option or SAR, as otherwise expressly permitted by the Committee including, if so permitted, pursuant to a transfer to the Participant s family members, whether directly or indirectly or by means of a trust or partnership or otherwise. For purposes of this Plan, unless otherwise determined by the 
 19 

Committee, family member shall have the meaning given to such term in General Instructions A.1(a)(5) to Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto. Any Option or SAR shall be exercisable, subject to the terms of this Plan, only by the applicable Participant, the guardian or legal representative of such Participant, or any person to whom such Option or SAR is permissibly transferred pursuant to this Section 14.4(a), it being understood that the term Participant includes such guardian, legal representative and other transferee provided, however, that the term Continuous Service shall continue to refer to the original Participant s service as an employee, officer, consultant or director of the Company or any Affiliate, as applicable. 
 14.5. Designation of Death Beneficiary. The Committee shall establish such procedures as it deems appropriate for a Participant to designate a beneficiary to whom any amounts payable in the event of such Participant s death are to be paid or by whom any rights of such Participant after such Participant s death may be exercised. If no beneficiary designation is in effect for a Participant at the time or his or her death, any such amounts shall be paid to, and any such rights may be exercised by, the estate of the Participant. 
 14.6. Conditions for Issuance. The Committee may require each person purchasing or receiving Shares pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the Shares without a view to the distribution thereof. The certificates for such Shares may include any legend which the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on transfer. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or agreements made pursuant thereto, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates for Shares under the Plan prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions (a) listing or approval for listing upon notice of issuance of such Shares on the Applicable Exchange, (b) any registration or other qualification of such Shares of the Company under any state or federal law or regulation, or the maintaining in effect of any such registration or other qualification which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion upon the advice of counsel, deem necessary or advisable, and (c) obtaining any other consent, approval, or permit from any state or federal governmental agency which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion after receiving the advice of counsel, determine to be necessary or advisable. 
 14.7. Delivery of Shares. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Shares under the Plan or remove restrictions from Shares previously delivered under the Plan until (a) all Award conditions have been met or removed to the Committee s satisfaction, (b) as determined by the Committee, all other legal matters regarding the issuance and delivery of such Shares have been satisfied, including any applicable securities laws, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations and (c) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company such representations or agreements as the Committee deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any applicable laws. The Company s inability to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which the Committee determines is necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares, will relieve the Company of any liability for failing to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority has not been obtained. 
 14.8. Restrictions. The Committee may impose restrictions on any Award with respect to non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and other restrictive covenants, or requirements to comply with minimum share ownership requirements, as it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion, which such restrictions may be set forth in any applicable Award Agreement or otherwise. 
 SECTION 15. Miscellaneous 
 15.1. Additional Compensation Arrangements. Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements for its employees. 
 20 

15.2. No Contract of Employment. The Plan shall not constitute a contract of employment, and adoption of the Plan shall not confer upon any employee any right to continued employment, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate the employment of any employee at any time. 
 15.3. Required Taxes. No later than the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of a Participant for federal, state, local, or foreign income or employment or other tax purposes with respect to any Award under the Plan, such Participant shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of, any federal, state, local, or foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such amount. Unless otherwise determined by the Company, withholding obligations may be settled with Shares, including Shares that are part of the Award that gives rise to the withholding requirement, having a Fair Market Value on the date of withholding equal to the amount required to be withheld for tax purposes, all in accordance with such procedures as the Committee establishes. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditioned on such payment or arrangements, and the Company and its Affiliates shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment otherwise due to such Participant. The Committee may establish such procedures as it deems appropriate, including making irrevocable elections, for the settlement of withholding obligations with Common Stock. 
 15.4. Limit on Dividend Reinvestment and Dividend Equivalents. Reinvestment of dividends in additional Restricted Stock Units to be settled in Shares, and the payment of Shares with respect to dividends to Participants holding Awards of Restricted Stock Units, shall only be permissible if sufficient Shares are available under Section 3 for such reinvestment or payment (taking into account then outstanding Awards). In the event that sufficient Shares are not available for such reinvestment or payment, such reinvestment or payment shall be made in the form of a grant of Restricted Stock Units equal in number to the Restricted Stock Units or Shares that would have been obtained by such payment or reinvestment, the terms of which Restricted Stock Units shall provide for settlement in cash and for dividend equivalent reinvestment in further Restricted Stock Units on the terms contemplated by this Section 15.4. 
 15.5. Written Materials Electronic Documents. Electronic documents may be substituted for any written materials required by the terms of the Plan, including, without limitation, Award Agreements. 
 15.6. Subsidiary Employees. In the case of a grant of an Award to any employee of a Subsidiary of the Company, the Company may, if the Committee so directs, issue or transfer the Shares, if any, covered by the Award to the Subsidiary, for such lawful consideration as the Committee may specify, upon the condition or understanding that the Subsidiary will transfer the Shares to the employee in accordance with the terms of the Award specified by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. All Shares underlying Awards that are forfeited or canceled shall revert to the Company. 
 15.7. Governing Law. The Plan and all Awards made and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 
 15.8. Foreign Employees and Foreign Law Considerations. The Committee may grant Awards to Eligible Individuals who are foreign nationals, who are located outside the United States, or who are not compensated from a payroll maintained in the United States, or who are otherwise subject to (or could cause the Company to be subject to) legal or regulatory provisions of countries or jurisdictions outside the United States, on such terms and conditions different from those specified in the Plan as may, in the judgment of the Committee, be necessary or desirable to foster and promote achievement of the purposes of the Plan, and, in furtherance of such purposes, the Committee may make such modifications, amendments, procedures, or subplans as may be necessary or advisable to comply with such legal or regulatory provisions. 
 21 

15.9. No Rights to Awards Non-Uniform Determinations. No Participant or Eligible Individual shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan. The Company, its Affiliates, or the Committee shall not be obligated to treat Participants or Eligible Individuals uniformly, and determinations made under the Plan may be made by the Committee selectively among Participants and or Eligible Individuals, whether or not such Participants and Eligible Individuals are similarly situated. 
 15.10. Relationship to Other Benefits. No payment under the Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare, or benefit plan of the Company or any Affiliate unless provided otherwise in such plan. 
 15.11. Expenses. The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 15.12. Titles and Headings. The titles and headings of the Sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall control. 
 15.13. Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or as to any Person or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws, or if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award Agreement, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction, Person or Award, and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 15.14. Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued, and the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion, whether cash shall be given in lieu of fractional Shares or, subject to Section 3, whether such fractional Shares shall be eliminated by rounding up or down. 
 15.15. Trust, Separate Fund or Fiduciary Relationship. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and a Participant or any other Person. To the extent that any Person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company pursuant to an Award, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 15.16. Successors and Assigns. The terms of the Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor entity, including any successor entity contemplated by Section 11. 
 15.17. Government and Other Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan 
 (a) No Participant who acquires Shares pursuant to the Plan may, during any period of time that such Participant is an affiliate of the Company (within the meaning of regulations promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act )), offer or sell such Shares, unless such offer and sale are made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, which is current and includes the Shares to be sold, or (ii) pursuant to an appropriate exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act, such as that set forth in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act. 
 (b) If at any time the Committee shall determine that the registration, listing, or qualification of the Shares covered by an Award upon the Applicable Exchange or under any foreign, federal, state, or local law or practice, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the granting of such Award or the purchase or receipt of Shares thereunder, no Shares may be purchased, delivered, or received pursuant to such Award unless and until such registration, listing, qualification, consent, or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any condition not acceptable to the 
 22 

Committee. Any Participant receiving or purchasing Shares pursuant to an Award shall make such representations and agreements and furnish such information as the Committee may request to assure compliance with the foregoing or any other applicable legal requirements. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates for Shares under the Plan prior to the Committee s determination that all related requirements have been fulfilled. The Company shall in no event be obligated to register any securities pursuant to the 1933 Act or applicable state or foreign law, or to take any other action in order to cause the issuance and delivery of such certificates to comply with any such law, regulation, or requirement. 
 15.18. Additional Provisions. Each Award Agreement may contain such other terms and conditions as the Committee may determine, provided that such other terms and conditions are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan. 
 15.19. No Limitations on Rights of the Company. The grant of any Award shall not in any way affect the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, or changes in its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell, or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. The Plan shall not restrict the authority of the Company, for proper corporate purposes, to draft, grant, or assume Awards, other than under the Plan, with respect to any person. 
 15.20. Blackout Periods. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan or any Award to the contrary, the Company shall have the authority to establish any blackout period that the Company deems necessary or advisable with respect to any or all Awards. 
 15.21. Cancellation or Clawback of Awards. 
 (a) The Committee may specify in an Award Agreement that a Participant s rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award. Such events may include a Termination of Service with or without Cause (and, in the case of any Cause that is resulting from an indictment or other non-final determination, the Committee may provide for such Award to be held in escrow or abeyance until a final resolution of the matters related to such event occurs, at which time the Award shall either be reduced, cancelled or forfeited as provided in such Award Agreement or remain in effect, depending on the outcome), violation of material policies, breach of non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other restrictive covenants, or requirements to comply with minimum share ownership requirements, that may apply to the Participant, or other conduct by the Participant that is determined by the Committee to be detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company and or any or all of its Affiliates. 
 (b) The Committee shall have full authority to implement any policies and procedures necessary to comply with Section 10D of the Act and any rules promulgated thereunder and any other regulatory regimes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Awards granted under the Plan (including any amounts or benefits arising from such Awards) shall be subject to any clawback or the Company s Recoupment Policy or arrangements the Company has in place from time to time, and the Committee may, to the extent permitted by applicable law and stock exchange rules or by any applicable Company policy or arrangement, and shall, to the extent required, cancel or require reimbursement of any Awards granted to the Participant or any Shares issued or cash received upon vesting, exercise or settlement of any such Awards or sale of Shares underlying such Awards. 
 15.22. Special Provisions Relating to Section 409A of the Code. 
 (a) General . It is intended that the payments and benefits provided under the Plan and any Award shall either be exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan and all Award Agreements shall be construed in a manner that effects such intent. Nevertheless, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under the Plan or any Award is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Company, its Affiliates nor their respective directors, officers, employees 
 23 

or advisers (other than in his or her capacity as a Participant) shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by any Participant or other taxpayer as a result of the Plan or any Award. 
 (b) Definitional Restrictions . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in any Award Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any amount or benefit that would constitute non-exempt deferred compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would otherwise be payable or distributable, or a different form of payment (e.g., lump sum or installment) of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would be effected, under the Plan or any Award Agreement by reason of the occurrence of a Change in Control, or the Participant s Disability or separation from service, such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation will not be payable or distributable to the Participant, and or such different form of payment will not be effected, by reason of such circumstance unless the circumstances giving rise to such Change in Control, Disability or separation from service meet any description or definition of change in control event , disability or separation from service , as the case may be, in Section 409A of the Code and applicable regulations (without giving effect to any elective provisions that may be available under such definition). This provision does not affect the dollar amount or prohibit the vesting of any Award upon a Change in Control, Disability or separation from service, however defined. If this provision prevents the payment or distribution of any amount or benefit, or the application of a different form of payment of any amount or benefit, such payment or distribution shall be made at the time and in the form that would have applied absent the non-409A-conforming event. 
 (c) Allocation among Possible Exemptions . If any one or more Awards granted under the Plan to a Participant could qualify for any separation pay exemption described in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9), but such Awards in the aggregate exceed the dollar limit permitted for the separation pay exemptions, the Company shall determine which Awards or portions thereof will be subject to such exemptions. 
 (d) Six-Month Delay in Certain Circumstances . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or in any Award Agreement to the contrary, if any amount or benefit that would constitute Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would otherwise be payable or distributable under this Plan or any Award Agreement by reason of a Participant s separation from service during a period in which the Participant is a Specified Employee (as defined below), then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by the Committee under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest), or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment taxes) 
 (i) the amount of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation that would otherwise be payable during the six-month period immediately following the Participant s separation from service will be accumulated through and paid or provided on the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service (or, if the Participant dies during such period, within 30 days after the Participant s death) (in either case, the Required Delay Period and 
 (ii) the normal payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments or distributions will resume at the end of the Required Delay Period. 
 For purposes of this Plan, the term Specified Employee has the meaning given such term in Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder provided , however , that, as permitted in such final regulations, the Company s Specified Employees and its application of the six-month delay rule of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) shall be determined in accordance with rules adopted by the Board or any committee of the Board, which shall be applied consistently with respect to all nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements of the Company, including this Plan. 
 (e) Installment Payments . If, pursuant to an Award, a Participant is entitled to a series of installment payments, such Participant s right to the series of installment payments shall be treated as a right to a series of separate payments and not to a single payment. For purposes of the preceding 
 24 

sentence, the term series of installment payments has the meaning provided in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii) (or any successor thereto). 
 (f) Timing of Release of Claims . Whenever an Award conditions a payment or benefit on the Participant s execution and non-revocation of a release of claims, such release must be executed and all revocation periods shall have expired within 60 days after the date of termination of the Participant s employment failing which such payment or benefit shall be forfeited. If such payment or benefit is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, the Company may elect to make or commence payment at any time during such 60-day period. If such payment or benefit constitutes Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation, then, subject to subsection (d) above, (i) if such 60-day period begins and ends in a single calendar year, the Company may make or commence payment at any time during such period at its discretion, and (ii) if such 60-day period begins in one calendar year and ends in the next calendar year, the payment shall be made or commence during the second such calendar year (or any later date specified for such payment under the applicable Award), even if such signing and non-revocation of the release occur during the first such calendar year included within such 60-day period. In other words, a Participant is not permitted to influence the calendar year of payment based on the timing of signing the release. 
 (g) Permitted Acceleration . The Company shall have the sole authority to make any accelerated distribution permissible under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4) to Participants of deferred amounts provided that such distribution(s) meets the requirements of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4). 
 The foregoing is hereby acknowledged as being the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan as adopted by the Board on March 10, 2017, by the stockholders on May 11, 2017, and amended and restated by the Compensation Committee on December 2, 2022. 

ASSURANT, INC. By Name Francesca Luthi Title Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer 
 25 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 aiz12312022-ex10104q22.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.10 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED ASSURANT, INC. 
 EXECUTIVE SHORT TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 SECTION 1. Purpose Definitions 
 1.1. Purpose Shareholder Approval. The purpose of this Amended and Restated Assurant, Inc. Executive Short Term Incentive Plan is to advance the interests of the Company (as defined in Section 1.2 below) and its stockholders in attracting, retaining, and motivating executive officers by providing financial rewards based on achievement of certain corporate, business unit and individual performance goals for Performance Periods (as defined below) beginning with the Company s fiscal year 2008. This Plan (as defined in Section 1.2 below) was approved by the Company s stockholders on May 15, 2008 and was amended and restated by the Committee effective as of December 2, 2022. 
 1.2. Definitions. The terms used in the Plan shall be defined as follows 
 (a) Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, any regulations promulgated thereunder, and any successor thereto. 
 (b) Administrator means any person or persons to whom the Committee has properly delegated any responsibility or power pursuant to Section 2.2. 
 (c) Affiliate shall have the meaning given to that term in the ALTEIP. 
 (d) ALTEIP means the Assurant, Inc. 2017 Long Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated from time to time. 
 (e) Applicable Exchange shall have the meaning given to that term in the ALTEIP. 
 (f) Applicable Law shall have the meaning given to that term in the ALTEIP. 
 (g) Award means an award of incentive compensation pursuant to the Plan. An Award is considered granted when the Participant to whom the Award is granted is selected, pursuant to Section 3.1, as eligible to receive that Award. 
 (h) Beneficial Owner has the meaning given in Rule 13d-3 promulgated pursuant to the Act. 
 (i) Beneficiary means any person or persons designated by a Participant, in accordance with procedures established by the Committee or an Administrator, to receive benefits hereunder in the event of the Participant s death. If any Participant shall fail to designate a Beneficiary or shall designate a Beneficiary who shall fail to survive the Participant, the Beneficiary shall be the Participant s surviving spouse or, if none, the Participant s surviving descendants (who shall take per stirpes) and if there are no surviving descendants, the Beneficiary shall be the Participant s estate. 
 (j) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (k) Cause shall have the meaning given to that term in the ALTEIP. 
 (l) Change in Control shall have the meaning given to that term in the ALTEIP. 
 (m) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (n) Committee shall have the meaning given to that term in the ALTEIP. 
 (o) Company means Assurant, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 (p) Disability shall have the meaning given to that term in the ALTEIP. 

(q) Effective Date means the date on which this Assurant, Inc. Executive Short Term Incentive Plan is adopted by the Board. 
 (r) Eligible Employee means a regular, active employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, or a prospective employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, who is expected to be among the members of the Management Committee and officers of the Company who are subject to Section 16 of the Act, as amended from time to time, as of the last day of a given Performance Period. 
 (s) Individual Agreement means an employment, severance, change in control severance, or similar agreement between a Participant and the Company or between the Participant and any of the Company s Subsidiaries or Affiliates. For purposes of this Plan, an Individual Agreement shall be considered operative during its term provided that an Individual Agreement under which severance or other substantive protections, compensation and or benefits are provided only following a change in control or termination of employment in anticipation of a change in control shall not be considered operative until the occurrence of a change in control or termination of employment in anticipation of a change in control, as applicable. 
 (t) Management Committee shall have the meaning given to that term in the ALTEIP. 
 (u) Net Operating Income means the net operating income excluding reportable catastrophes as defined by the Company s financial reporting policy. 
 (v) Participant means an Eligible Employee selected by the Committee to participate in the Plan for a given Performance Period. 
 (w) Performance Goal means the targeted levels of achievement using one or more of the measures determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, to be applicable to a Participant during a Performance Period. 
 (x) Performance Period means the Company s fiscal year, or such other period as the Committee shalt establish, from time to time, in its sole discretion. The first Performance Period shall be the Company s fiscal year 2008. 
 (y) Plan means this Amended and Restated Assurant, Inc. Executive Short Term Incentive Plan. 
 (z) Recoupment Policy means the Assurant, Inc. Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy adopted by the Committee effective as of January 1, 2012, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 (aa) Retirement shall have the meaning given to that term in the Assurant Pension Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 (bb) Subsidiary means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity of which a majority of the outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Company. 
 (cc) Termination of Service shall have the meaning given to that term in the ALTEIP. 
 SECTION 2. Administration 
 2.1. Committee. The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee (or its delegate) shall have exclusive and final authority, discretion, and power, subject to the terms of the Plan 
 (a) To select the Eligible Employees who will be designated as Participants in the Plan and to whom Awards may from time to time be granted 
 2 

(b) To determine the terms and conditions of each Award granted hereunder, based on such factors as the Committee shall determine 
 (c) To interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and any agreement relating thereto) and 
 (d) To otherwise administer the Plan. 
 2.2. Procedures. The Committee may act only by a majority of its members then in office, except that the Committee may, unless otherwise prohibited by Applicable Law, allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by it (the Administrator ). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may not delegate its powers and responsibilities to (a) designate Participants, (b) establish Performance Periods, and (c) certify amounts pursuant to Section 3.4 hereof. 
 2.3. Discretion Decisions Binding. Any determination made pursuant to the Plan by the Committee or by an Administrator with respect to any Award shall be made in the sole discretion of the Committee or the Administrator, as applicable. All decisions made by the Committee or an Administrator pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons, including the Company, Participants, and Eligible Employees. 
 2.4. Expenses. All expenses and liabilities incurred by members of the Committee or an Administrator in connection with the administration of the Plan shall be borne by the Company. 
 SECTION 3. Terms of Awards 
 3.1. Selection of Participants and Granting of Awards for a Performance Period. The Committee shall determine the Participants to whom Awards for a Performance Period are granted within 90 days after the Performance Period begins, and in any event not later than the date upon which 25 of the Performance Period has elapsed. 
 3.2. Maximum Awards. The total aggregate Awards under the Plan with respect to any Performance Period shall not exceed five percent (5 of the Company s Net Operating Income for that Performance Period. For any Performance Period, the maximum Award for each Participant other than the Company s Chief Executive Officer shall be (a) (i) one divided by (ii) one plus the total number of Participants (including the Company s Chief Executive Officer) for that Performance Period, times (b) the total aggregate Awards under the Plan for that Performance Period. For any Performance Period, the maximum Award for the Company s Chief Executive Officer shall be two times the maximum amount determined pursuant to the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company s Chief Executive Officer is not a Participant in the Plan for a Performance Period, the maximum Award for each Participant for that Performance Period shall be (a) (i) one divided by (ii) the total number of Participants for that Performance Period, times (b) the total aggregate Awards under the Plan for that Performance Period. 
 3.3. Discretionary Adjustment. The Committee may determine in its sole discretion that for any Performance Period, the total aggregate Awards or any individual Award actually paid shall be less than the maximum amounts described in Section 3.2, based on such factors as it determines to be appropriate, including, but not limited to, Performance Goals that it has established for one or more Awards, Company-wide or business-unit performance (with respect to revenue, profit, cash flow, or any other measure) against budgeted financial goals, measures of internal controls and compliance initiatives, and assessments of individual performance. However, in no event shall such reduction of any Participant s Award below the maximum for that Participant result in an increase in the maximum amounts for any other Participants above the amounts described in Section 3.2. 
 3 

3.4. Certification. Following the close of each Performance Period and prior to payment of any Awards for that Performance Period, the Committee will certify the amount of Net Operating Income achieved for that Performance Period and the corresponding maximum amounts described in Section 3.2. 
 3.5. Timing of Payment. Payment of each Award will be made as soon as practicable after the Committee has completed the certification required by Section 3.4 for the applicable Performance Period and determined the actual amount to be paid pursuant the Award, but in no event shall payment occur later than the 15th day of the third calendar month after the end of the calendar year in which such Award first ceased to be subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the treasury regulations thereunder, unless the Participant has made a valid and timely election to defer receipt of the Award in accordance with an applicable deferred compensation plan. 
 3.6. Form of Payment. Each Award under the Plan shall be paid in cash or its equivalent. The Committee in its sole discretion may, however, determine that all or a portion of an Award shall be paid in stock, restricted stock, stock options, stock appreciation rights, or other stock-based or stock-denominated units, which shall be issued pursuant to the Company s equity compensation plans in existence at the time the Award is certified. 
 3.7. Cancellation or Clawback of Awards. 
 (a) The Committee may specify that a Participant s rights, payments and benefits with respect to an Award shall be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award. Such events may include a Termination of Service with or without Cause (and, in the case of any Cause that is resulting from an indictment or other non-final determination, the Committee may provide for such Award to be held in escrow or abeyance until a final resolution of the matters related to such event occurs, at which time the Award shall either be reduced, cancelled or forfeited or remain in effect, depending on the outcome), violation of material policies, breach of non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality or other restrictive covenants, or requirements to comply with minimum share ownership requirements, that may apply to the Participant, or other conduct by the Participant that is determined by the Committee to be detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company and or any or all of its Affiliates. 
 (b) The Committee shall have full authority to implement any policies and procedures necessary to comply with Section 10D of the Act and any rules promulgated thereunder and any other regulatory regimes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Awards granted under the Plan (including any amounts or benefits arising from such Awards) shall be subject to any clawback or the Company s Recoupment Policy or arrangements the Company has in place from time to time, and the Committee may, to the extent permitted by applicable law and stock exchange rules or by any applicable Company policy or arrangement, and shall, to the extent required, cancel or require reimbursement of any Awards granted to the Participant. 
 3.8. Employment Requirement. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4, no Award shall be paid to any Participant who is not actively employed by the Company or an Affiliate on the last day of the Performance Period. 
 SECTION 4. Terminations 
 4.1. Disability or Death. A Participant who terminates employment with the Company during a Performance Period due to Disability or death may, in the Committee s discretion, receive an Award in such an amount as the Committee deems to be appropriate. Awards payable in the event of death shall be paid to the Participant s Beneficiary. 
 4 

4.2. Retirement and Other Terminations. A Participant who terminates employment with the Company during a Performance Period for any reason other than Disability or death may, in the Committee s discretion, receive an Award. Such an Award shall not be paid until after the end of the Performance Period and the Committee s certification pursuant to Section 3.4. In the case of a termination before the last day of the Performance Period for the Award, for any reason other than Retirement, the maximum amount of the Award shall be the maximum amount determined pursuant to Section 3.4, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the portion of the Performance Period that ends on the date of such termination and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the Performance Period. In the case of a termination on or after the last day of the Performance Period, or any Retirement, the amount of any Award paid pursuant to this Section 4.2 shall not exceed the maximum set forth in Section 3.2, based on the level of achievement certified by the Committee for the entire Performance Period. 
 4.3. Change in Control. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, upon a Change in Control 
 (a) With respect to each Award that is then outstanding and unpaid, the Participant shall be paid an amount based on the level of achievement of the Performance Goals for the Award as determined by the Committee not later than the date of the Change in Control, taking into account performance through the latest date preceding the date of the Change in Control as to which performance can, as a practical matter, be determined (but not later than the end of the Performance Period) and 
 (b) Such Awards shall be paid as soon as practicable after the amounts have been determined, but in any event no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the year in which the Change in Control took place, except to the extent that a Participant has made a valid and timely election to defer receipt of any Award in accordance with an applicable deferred compensation plan, in which case the terms of such election and such plan shall control. 
 SECTION 5. Term, Amendment, and Termination 
 5.1. Term. The Plan will terminate on the 10th anniversary of the Effective Date. Outstanding Awards on the 10th anniversary of the Effective Date shall not be affected or impaired by the termination of the Plan. 
 5.2. Amendment of Plan. The Board or the Committee may amend, alter, or discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration, or discontinuation shall be made by the Board or the Committee which would materially impair the rights of the Participant with respect to a previously granted Award, or any Award pursuant to Section 4.3, without such Participant s consent, except such an amendment made to comply with Applicable Law, tax rules, stock exchange rules, or accounting rules. In addition, no such amendment or alteration shall be made without the approval of the Company s stockholders, to the extent such approval is required by Applicable Law or the listing standards of any Applicable Exchange. Any such action by the Board may be taken by a majority of its members in office. In the event that any such action of the Board under this Section 5.2 conflicts with any action of the Committee under this Section 5.2, the action of the Board shall govern. 
 SECTION 6. Miscellaneous 
 6.1. Compliance with Legal Requirements. The Plan and the grant of Awards shall be subject to all Applicable Laws, rules and regulations, and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. 
 6.2. Governing Law. The Plan and all Awards made and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 
 5 

6.3. Withholding Taxes. The Company shall have the right to make payment of Awards net of any applicable federal, state and local taxes required to be withheld, or to require the Participant to pay such withholding taxes. If the Participant fails to make such tax payments as required, the Company shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to such Participant or to take such other action as may be necessary to satisfy such withholding obligations. 
 6.4. No Right to Employment. Nothing in the Plan shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate any Participant s employment at any time, nor confer upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 6.5. No Right to Participate. No Eligible Employee shall have any right to be selected to participate in the Plan in any Performance Period. 
 6.6. Nontransferability. No Award may be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, or otherwise disposed of, including assignment pursuant to a domestic relations order, prior to certification of the Award. Each Award shall be paid during the Participant s lifetime only to the Participant, or, if permissible under Applicable Law, to the Participant s legal representatives. No Award shall, prior to receipt thereof by the Participant, be in any manner subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, or torts of the Participant. 
 6.7. Severability. If any provision of the Plan is, becomes, or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or would disqualify the Plan under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to Applicable Laws or, if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the purpose or intent of the Plan, such provision will be stricken as to such jurisdiction, and the remainder of the PIan shall remain in full force and effect. 
 6.8. No Fund Created. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and a Participant or any other person. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company pursuant to an Award, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 6.9. Expenses. The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 6.10. Titles and Headings. The titles and headings of the Sections in the Plan are for convenience of reference only, and in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall control. 
 6.11. Successors and Assigns. The terms of the Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor entity. 
 6.12. Special Provisions Relating to Section 409A of the Code. Section 15.22 of the ALTEIP is hereby incorporated by reference, as applicable. 
 6.13. Non-Exclusivity of Plan. Neither adoption of the Plan by the Board nor submission of the Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board or the Committee to adopt such other incentive arrangements as either may deem desirable, including, without limitation, cash or equity-based compensation arrangements, either tied to performance or otherwise. 

6 

The foregoing is hereby acknowledged as being the Assurant, Inc. Executive Short Term Incentive Plan as amended and restated by the Compensation Committee on December 2, 2022. 

ASSURANT, INC. By Name Francesca Luthi Title Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer 
 7 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 aiz12312022-ex2114q22.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Assurant, Inc. Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Subsidiary Name 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 D B A (if applicable) 
 
 ABI International 
 
 Cayman Islands 
 
 ABIG Holding de Espana, S.L. 
 
 Spain 
 
 AIM Acquisitions, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 AIM Alexander Crossing Apartments, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 AIM AWP Atlanta Apartments, LLC Delaware AIM Blue, LLC Delaware 
 AIM Glendale, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 AIM Gold, LLC Delaware AIM Green, LLC Delaware 
 AIM Haverhill Industrial, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 AIM Mount Pleasant Apartments, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 AIM Orange, LLC Delaware 
 AIM Orchard Springs Apartments, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 AIM Palm Harbor Apartments, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alegre Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 
 
 American Bankers General Agency, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida 
 
 Florida 
 
 American Bankers Insurance Group, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 American Bankers Life Assurance Company of Florida 
 
 Florida 
 Assurant Solutions Satellite Learning Center 
 
 American Bankers Management Company, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

American Financial Warranty Corporation 
 
 Texas 
 
 American Financial & Automotive Services, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 American Financial & Automotive Insurance Services, Inc. American Financial F&I University American Financial Insurance Services American Lease Insurance Agency Corporation Massachusetts 
 American Security Insurance Company 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Assurant Argentina Compania de Seguros Sociedad Anonima 
 
 Argentina 
 
 Assurant Automotive, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Assurant Automotive Warranty Solutions (India) Private Limited 
 
 India 
 
 Assurant BARC Reinsurance Limited 
 
 Turks & Caicos 
 
 Assurant Captive Insurance Company 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Assurant Chile Compa ia de Seguros Generales S.A. 
 
 Chile 
 
 Assurant Co., Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 
 Assurant Co. (NI), Ltd Northern Ireland 
 Assurant Co. (PG UK), Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Assurant Colombia Compania de Servicios S.A.S. 
 
 Colombia 
 
 Assurant Commercial Mortgage Depositor, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Assurant Consulting Company, Limited 
 
 China 
 
 Assurant Da os Mexico S.A. 
 
 Mexico 

Assurant Dealer Services, Inc. 

Illinois 
 Resource Dealer Group Insurance Services Resource Dealer Group Insurance Services, Inc. Resource Dealer Group of Illinois Assurant Dealer Insurance Agency Services Automotive Training Academy 
 
 Assurant Deutschland GmbH 
 
 Germany 
 
 Assurant Device Care Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Assurant Device Services, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Assurant Direct Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Assurant Digital Servicos, Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 
 
 Assurant Europe Insurance N.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 Assurant Europe Life Insurance N.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 Assurant Europe Services B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 Assurant France 
 
 France 
 
 Assurant General Insurance Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Assurant Group Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Assurant Holding Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Assurant IA Holding Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Assurant Insurance Agency, Inc. 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 Assurant Intermediary Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Assurant International Division Limited 
 
 Malta 
 
 Assurant Investment Management, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Assurant Italia Agenzia di Assicurazioni s.r.l. 
 
 Italy 
 
 Assurant Japan KK 
 
 Japan 
 Assurant Korea, Inc. South Korea 
 Assurant Life Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Assurant New Ventures, Incorporated 
 
 Florida 
 
 Assurant Payment Services, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Assurant Reinsurance of Turks & Caicos, Ltd. 
 
 Turks & Caicos 

Assurant Repair & Logistics LLC 
 Puerto Rico 
 
 Assurant, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Assurant Seguradora S.A. 
 
 Brazil 
 
 Assurant Service Protection, Inc. 
 
 Oklahoma 
 
 Assurant Services Argentina, S.A. 
 
 Argentina 
 
 Assurant Services Australia Pty Limited 
 
 Australia 
 
 Assurant Services Canada Inc. 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 Assurant Services de Chile, SpA 
 
 Chile 
 
 Assurant Services Hong Kong Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Assurant Services Italia s.r.l. 
 
 Italy 
 
 Assurant Services Japan GK 
 
 Japan 
 
 Assurant Services Korea Limited 
 
 South Korea 
 
 Assurant Services of Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 
 Puerto Rico 
 
 Assurant Servicios Corporativos, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Assurant Servicos Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 
 
 Assurant Solutions Comercio e Servicos de Equipamentos Electronicos Ltda . 
 
 Brazil 
 
 Assurant Solutions Holding Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 
 Puerto Rico 
 
 Assurant Solutions Spain, S.A. 
 
 Spain 
 
 Assurant Vida Mexico S.A. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Assurant Warranty Solutions (India) Private Limited 
 
 India 
 
 Automotive Insurance Purchasing Group, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Automotive Warranty Services of Florida, Inc. 
 
 Florida 

Automotive Warranty Services, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 Alabama Warranty Services, Inc. 
 West Virginia Warranty Services, Inc. 
 
 AWS Warranty Service of Quebec, Inc. 
 
 Ontario, Canada 
 
 AWS Warranty Services of Canada, Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 Ryan Dealer Services 
 Broadtech, LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Caribbean American Life Assurance Company 
 
 Puerto Rico 
 
 Caribbean American Property Insurance Company 
 
 Puerto Rico 
 
 Coast to Coast Dealer Services Inc. 
 
 New York 
 
 Combined Insurance Company de Argentina S.A. Compania de Seguros 
 
 Argentina 
 Su Futuro Seguro Comienza Hoy 
 Consumer Assist Network Association, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Consumer Program Administrators, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 Consumer Warranty Program Administrators The Administrators of Consumer Programs, Inc. 
 
 Co peratieve Assurant Netherlands U.A. 
 
 Netherlands 
 CPR Strongsville LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 CPR Training & Repair Systems, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 CWork Solutions, LP 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 Assurant Solutions Dealer Performance, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 Dealer Performance of Michigan Inc. 
 
 Digital Services (UK) Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Eck & Glass, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 
 EPG Insurance, Inc. EPG Insurance Agency, Inc. 
 
 ERV, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Federal Warranty Service Corporation 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Assurant Extended Protection 
 
 FFG Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 First Extended Service Corporation 
 
 Texas 
 
 First Extended Services Corporation 

First Extended Service Corporation of Florida 
 
 Florida 
 
 First Extended, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Flipswap Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Florida Office Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 Florida Office Corp. (DE) 
 GP Legacy Place, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Hyla International Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 Hyla Japan KK Japan 
 Hyla Mobile, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 Erecyclingcorps, HYLA Mobile 
 Hyla Mobile ULC 
 
 Nova Scotia 
 
 Hyla Technology Solutions LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 I.Q. Data International, Inc. 
 
 Washington 
 
 Assurant Recovery Solutions 
 
 Insureco Agency & Insurance Services, Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 Suredeposit Assurant Recovery Solutions 
 
 Insureco Incorporated 
 
 California 
 
 Interfinancial Inc. 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Interfinancial Group, IFI, Inc. 
 
 Lifestyle Services Group Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 London General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 London General Life Company Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Lorica LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Lorica Services, LLC Lorica, LLC A Limited Liability Company of Delaware 
 MMI-CPR, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 MS Diversified Corporation 
 
 Mississippi 
 
 National Insurance Agency Inc. 
 
 Florida 

National Product Care Company 

Illinois 
 Texas National Product Care Company, Inc. National Product Warranty Care Company 

National Underwriting Agencies Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 
 
 North American Warranty, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 North American Warranty, Inc., a 
 Corporation of Illinois North American Warranty of Illinois, Inc. 
 Privowny, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Privowny France SAS 
 France 
 
 Product Care, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 Texas Product Care, Inc. 
 Protecta Insurance New Zealand Ltd New Zealand 
 Protection Holding Cayman 
 
 Cayman Islands 
 
 RDG Resource Dealer Group (Canada) Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 
 Reliable Lloyds Insurance Company 
 
 Texas 
 
 Resource Acquisition Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Resource Training, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Resource Training Group, Inc. 
 
 Service Optimization Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 Service Optimization Services, Inc. 
 Service Protection, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Service Saver, Incorporated 
 
 Florida 
 
 ServicePlan of Florida, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 ServicePlan, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 Serviceplan Of St. Louis, Inc. Warranty Serviceplan 
 
 Shipsurance Insurance Services, Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 Signal GP LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 Assurant Mobile Services 
 Signal Holdings LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 The Signal Telecommunications Insurance Services, Inc. 
 Signal Northwest LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Solutions Cayman 
 
 Cayman Islands 

Solutions Holdings 
 
 Cayman Islands 
 
 SOSI CPR LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 SOSI-Fixt, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 STAMS Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 Standard Guaranty Insurance Company 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Sureway, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Telecom Re, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 The Equipment Lease Reinsurance Company, Ltd. Turks & Caicos 
 The Signal 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 The Signal, Limited Partnership The Signal Insurance Limited Partnership Protect Your Bubble THE SIGNAL, LTD. Telecommunications Insurance Services LP Signal Telecommunications Insurance Services Limited Partnership (The) The Signal Communications Insurance Services, Limited Partnership The Signal Insurance Agency The Signal Agency, LP The Signal L.P. The Signal Insurance Agency of PA, Ltd. 
 The Warranty Group (Thailand) Limited 
 
 Thailand 
 
 The Warranty Group Asia-Pacific Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 
 
 The Warranty Group Australasia Pty Ltd. 
 
 Australia 
 
 The Warranty Group Colombia S.A. 
 
 Colombia 
 
 The Warranty Group Korea, Inc. 
 
 South Korea 
 The Warranty Group Peru SAC 
 Peru 
 
 The Warranty Group Services (Isle of Man) 
 
 Isle of Man 
 
 The Warranty Group Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 
 
 The Warranty Group, B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

The Warranty Group, Inc. 

Delaware 
 
 TrackSure Insurance Agency, Inc. 
 
 California 
 Trygle Co. Ltd 
 Japan 
 
 TS Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 Ts Holdings, Inc. Of Delaware Tsh, Inc. 
 TWG Automotive Services Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 
 
 TWG Brasil Participac es Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 
 
 TWG Europe Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 TWG Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 TWG Home Warranty Services, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 TWG Innovative Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Missouri 
 
 TWG Japan KK 
 
 Japan 
 
 TWG Repair Services (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 
 
 TWG Securities, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 TWG Services Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 TWG Warranty Group Latam, Inc. 
 
 Barbados 
 
 TWG Warranty Group, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 TWG Warranty Services Chile SpA 
 
 Chile 
 
 TWG Warranty Services, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 TWG Warranty Services, Inc., of Argentina TWG Warranty Services Inc., Sucursal Uruguay 
 TWG Warranty Servicos do Brasil Ltda. 
 
 Brazil 
 
 Union Security Life Insurance Company of New York 
 
 New York 
 
 United Service Protection Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 Assurant Vehicle Protection Services United Service Protection (Delaware) Corporation 

United Service Protection, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Virginia Surety Compania de Seguros 
 
 Argentina 
 
 Virginia Surety Company, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Virginia Surety Seguros de Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Voyager Group, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Voyager Indemnity Insurance Company 
 
 Georgia 
 
 Voyager Service Warranties, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Wireless Anywhere Group Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 
 
 Wolverine Acquisitions, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Wolverine InterCo., Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 aiz12312022-ex2314q22.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-252343) and Forms S-8 (No. 333-256095, 333-231274 and 333-217940) of Assurant, Inc. of our report dated February 17, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements, financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 6
 aiz12312022-ex2414q22.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 ASSURANT, INC. 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned directors of Assurant, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby authorize and appoint Keith Demmings, Richard S. Dziadzio and Dimitry DiRienzo, and each of them severally, the individual s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power to act with or without the other, and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for the person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to be filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all amendments thereto, including any and all other documents in connection therewith to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned hereby grants to said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Dated January 16, 2023 
 Signature Title s Elaine D. Rosen Non-Executive Board Chair and Director Elaine D. Rosen s Paget L. Alves Director Paget L. Alves s J. Braxton Carter Director J. Braxton Carter s Juan N. Cento Director Juan N. Cento s Harriet Edelman Director Harriet Edelman s Sari Granat Director Sari Granat s Lawrence V. Jackson Director Lawrence V. Jackson s Jean-Paul L. Montupet Director Jean-Paul L. Montupet s Debra J. Perry Director Debra J. Perry s Ognjen Redzic Director Ognjen Redzic s Paul J. Reilly Director Paul J. Reilly s Robert W. Stein Director Robert W. Stein 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 aiz12312022-ex3114q22.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Keith W. Demmings, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Assurant, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2022 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 17, 2023 
 s Keith W. Demmings Keith W. Demmings President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 aiz12312022-ex3124q22.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Richard S. Dziadzio, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Assurant, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2022 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 17, 2023 
 s Richard S. Dziadzio Richard S. Dziadzio Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 aiz12312022-ex3214q22.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF 
 ASSURANT, INC. 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Assurant, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Keith W. Demmings, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 17, 2023 

s Keith W. Demmings Keith W. Demmings President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 aiz12312022-ex3224q22.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF 
 ASSURANT, INC. 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Assurant, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard S. Dziadzio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 17, 2023 
 
 s Richard S. Dziadzio Richard S. Dziadzio Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 aiz-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 aiz-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 aiz-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 aiz-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 aiz-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

