<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_930420_0000930420-23-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7918818</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223314</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1506909</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2297690</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1999912</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1772342</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000930420-23-000030.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224163635
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000930420-23-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KFORCE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000930420
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				593264661
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26058
		FILM NUMBER:		23667981

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1150 ASSEMBLY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8135525000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8405 BENJAMIN ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE G
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33634

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KFORCE  INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000517

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROMAC INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000930420-23-000030.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 kfrc-20221231.htm
 10-K

kfrc-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 _____________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 
 _____________________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________________________________________________________________ State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization IRS Employer Identification No. 
 , , 
 Address of principal executive offices Zip Code 
 REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: ) 
 _____________________________________________________________________________ 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: 
 None 
 _____________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and 

Table of Contents 

emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth filer 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.): Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2022, was . For purposes of this determination, common stock held by each officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the registrant s outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of February 22, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

KFORCE INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 7 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 12 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 12 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 12 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 12 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 12 
 Item 6. [Reserved . ] 
 12 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 13 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 23 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 24 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 45 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 45 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 46 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 46 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 46 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 46 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 46 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 46 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 46 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 46 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 47 
 SIGNATURES 
 50 
 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 References in this document to the Registrant, Kforce, the Company, we, the Firm, management, our or us refer to Kforce Inc. and its subsidiaries, except where the context otherwise requires or indicates. 
 This report, particularly Item 1. Business, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A and the documents we incorporate into this report contain certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of that term in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and are made in reliance upon the protections provided by such acts for forward-looking statements. Such statements may include, but may not be limited to: expectations of financial or operational performance, including our expectations regarding the future growth or decline in revenue of each segment of our business; developments within the staffing sector including, but not limited to, the penetration rate (the percentage of temporary staffing to total employment) and growth rate in temporary staffing, a constraint in the supply of consultants and candidates or the Firm s ability to attract such individuals, changes in client demand for our services and our ability to adapt to such changes, the entry of new competitors in the market, the ability of the Firm to maintain and attract clients in the face of changing economic or competitive conditions; our beliefs regarding the expected future benefits of our flexible working environment; our ability to maintain compliance with our credit facility's covenants; potential government actions or changes in laws and regulations; anticipated costs and benefits of acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and other investments; effects of interest rate variations; financing needs or plans; estimates concerning the effects of litigation or other disputes; the occurrence of unanticipated expenses; as well as assumptions as to any of the foregoing and all statements that are not based on historical fact but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future results and events. For a further list and description of various risks, relevant factors and uncertainties that could cause future results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements, refer to the Risk Factors and MD A sections. In addition, when used in this discussion, the terms anticipate, assume, estimate, expect, intend, plan, believe, will, may, likely, could, should, future and variations thereof and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted. Future events and actual results could differ materially from those set forth in or underlying the forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements contained in this report, which speak only as of the date of this report. Kforce undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 Kforce Inc., along with its subsidiaries (collectively, Kforce ), is a leading domestic provider of technology and finance and accounting talent solutions primarily to many innovative and industry-leading companies. While Kforce was incorporated in 1994 and completed its initial public offering in August 1995, we have been providing domestic staffing services through our predecessor companies since 1962. 
 Over the last decade, we have driven significant, strategic change at Kforce including, but not limited to, streamlining the focus of our business on providing technology talent solutions. Since the 2008 financial crisis, we successfully divested a number of businesses that we did not believe aligned with our vision to become a technology services focused organization. Those divestitures included our clinical research business (sold in March 2012), our healthcare staffing business (sold in August 2014), the assets of a business based in Manila, Philippines (sold in September 2017), our federal government solutions business (sold in April 2019), and our federal government product business (sold in June 2019). Our Technology business now comprises nearly 90 of our overall revenues with the remainder being our finance and accounting FA business. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we moved into our new corporate headquarters in Tampa, Florida. The design of our new space is modern, open and technology-enabled and we believe it provides a flexible environment for our associates to work effectively. We have successfully transitioned many of our other offices to align with our Office Occasional SM strategy and will continue to transition our remaining offices as they come up for renewal. The shift in strategy to Office Occasional SM has allowed us to introduce a new design and streamline our overall physical footprint, which has led to a 40 decline in overall square footage compared to pre-pandemic periods. We expect further declines as remaining offices transition upon renewal. 
 Kforce serves clients across a diverse set of industries and organizations of all sizes, but we place a particular focus on serving Fortune 500 and other large companies. Our 10 largest clients represented approximately 25 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our quarterly operating results can be affected by: 
 the number of billing days in a particular quarter; 
 the seasonality of our clients businesses; 
 increased holidays and vacation days taken, which is usually highest in the fourth quarter of each calendar year; and 
 increased costs as a result of certain annual U.S. state and federal employment tax resets that occur at the beginning of each calendar year, which negatively impacts our gross profit and overall profitability in the first fiscal quarter of each calendar year. 
 Our Technology and FA businesses represent our two operating segments. 
 Our Technology Business 
 We provide talent solutions by striving to comprehensively understand our clients requirements and match their requirements with qualified candidates in highly skilled areas including, but not limited to, systems/applications architecture and development (mobility and/or web), data management and analytics, business and artificial intelligence, machine learning, project and program management, and network architecture and security. 
 Driven by a shift in the breadth of service offerings our clients were looking for from Kforce, one of our strategies over the last several years has been to invest in organically building our managed teams and project solutions capabilities in order to provide a higher-value, differentiated offering to our clients. We believe Kforce has been successfully winning these more complex engagements due to the strong, long-standing partnerships we have built with our clients, our reputation for delivering quality services and our capability in identifying quality technology talent. Going forward, we expect to further integrate this capability into our Technology business as we continue to solve increasingly complex challenges for our clients. 
 We provide our clients with qualified individuals consultants ), or teams of consultants, on a temporary basis when the consultant's set of skills and experience is the right match for our clients. We refer to this as our Flex offering, which comprised roughly 98 of overall Technology revenues in 2022. We also identify qualified individuals candidates for permanent placement with our clients. We refer to this as our Direct Hire offering, which comprised approximately 2 of overall Technology revenue in 2022. 
 We provide services to clients in a variety of industries with a diversified footprint in, among others, financial and business services, communications, insurance, retail and technology. No single industry represents more than approximately 16 of our overall Technology revenues in 2022. In addition, no single client comprised more than 5 of overall Firm revenues in 2022. 
 The September 2022 report published by Staffing Industry Analysts SIA stated that temporary technology staffing is forecasted to experience growth of 16 and 8 , respectively, in 2022 and 2023. While we believe the evolving macro-economic environment may result in SIA lowering their expectations of growth for 2023, we expect the technology staffing market to be more resilient than the overall macro-economic environment to adverse economic climates. Digital transformation, as a general trend, is driving organizations across all industries to increase their technology investments as competition and the speed of change intensifies. Nontraditional competitors are also entering new emerging technologies and markets. This development puts increased pressure on companies to invest in innovation and the evolution of their business models. We believe the secular drivers of technology spend is driving many companies to become increasingly dependent on the efficiencies provided 
 2 

Table of Contents 

by technology and the need for innovation to support business strategies and sustain relevancy in today s rapidly changing marketplace. At the macro level, demand is also being driven by an ever-changing and complex regulatory and employment law environment, which increases the overall cost of employment for many companies. We believe that these factors, among others, are continuing to drive companies to look to temporary staffing and solutions providers, such as Kforce, to meet their human capital needs. 
 We believe the performance of our Technology business in 2022 was very solid as revenues improved 18 on a billing day basis, year-over-year to 1.5 billion after growing more than 22 in 2021 on a billing day basis, year-over-year. We did experience a degree of moderation in demand in the second half of 2022 given the deterioration in the macro-economic environment. In the fourth quarter of 2022, our Technology business grew approximately 8 on a year-over-year basis. The average bill rate in the fourth quarter of 2022 was approximately 90 per hour, which increased approximately 10 , as compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. Our average assignment duration is approximately 11 months, which has continued to increase over the last several years. We continue to benefit from an improving bill rate environment and longer assignment durations, which we believe is related to the acute labor shortage, particularly in the highly-skilled positions. In addition to our capability to source highly qualified U.S. domestic technology talent, we believe an important differentiator in a candidate-constrained environment is our capability to source highly qualified foreign-born talent working domestically in the U.S. in higher-end technology roles. We maintain this capability on a centralized basis, which we believe allows us to operate consistently with a keen focus on ensuring compliance in this highly regulated space. 
 Our Technology Flex and Direct Hire offerings improved 18 and 20 , respectively, on a year-over-year basis for 2022 compared to 2021. 
 We are very pleased with our performance in our Technology business in 2022. Our belief in the strength in the secular drivers of demand in the technology space has not changed as a result of the macro-economic environment. While our Technology business is not immune to economic turbulence, we expect that technology spend will be more resilient compared to other areas where companies leverage flexible talent. 
 Our FA Business 
 The talent solutions we offer our clients in our FA business include consultants in traditional finance and accounting roles such as: finance, planning and analysis; business intelligence analysis; general accounting; transactional accounting (e.g., payables, billing, cash applications, receivables); business and cost analysis; and taxation and treasury. We have historically also provided our clients with consultants in lower skilled areas such as: loan servicing and support; customer and call center support; data entry; and other administrative roles. Lower skilled roles have recently become a significantly reduced proportion of our FA business given our change in strategic focus. 
 Over the last few years, we have been strategically repositioning our FA business to focus on more highly skilled assignments that are less susceptible to technological change and automation and more closely aligned with our Technology business. We will continue to support certain clients, where we have long-standing relationships and that are strategically important to our overall success, by providing consultants in lower skilled roles. We believe we have made solid progress in this transition as is evidenced by our overall average bill rate in FA, which has improved from 37 per hour to 51 per hour (excluding the Hurricane Ian support project in the fourth quarter of 2022), or approximately 38 , in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. 
 We provide services to clients in a variety of industries with a diversified footprint in, among others, the financial services, business services, healthcare and manufacturing sectors. No single industry represents more than approximately 19 of overall FA revenues in 2022. In addition, no single client comprised more than 5 of overall Firm revenues in 2022. Revenue for our FA business decreased 33.6 to 203.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021, which was primarily driven by the impact of the planned run-off in the COVID-19 project-related business and repositioning efforts. 
 Our Consultants 
 The vast majority of our consultants are directly employed by Kforce, including domestic and foreign workers whose visas are sponsored by Kforce. As the employer of the vast majority of our consultants, Kforce is responsible for the employer s share of applicable social security taxes FICA ), federal and state unemployment taxes, workers compensation insurance and other direct labor costs. The more significant health, welfare and retirement benefits include comprehensive health insurance, workers compensation benefits, and retirement plan options. A key ingredient to our overall success is to foster a positive experience for our consultants and to offer rewarding assignments with world-class companies, all of which has a direct correlation to consultant retention and redeployment. 
 We measure the quality of our service to and support of our consultants using staffing industry benchmarks and net promoter score NPS surveys conducted by a specialized, independent third-party provider. Our consultant NPS ratings are well above staffing industry averages and have reached World-Class level as defined by the independent third-party provider we utilized. Additionally, we continually seek direct feedback from our consultants, which helps us identify opportunities to refine our services. 
 Industry Overview 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment. The professional staffing industry is made up of thousands of companies, most of which are small local firms providing limited service offerings to a relatively small local client base. A report published by SIA in 2022 indicated that, in the United States, Kforce is one of the largest publicly-traded specialty staffing firms, the seventh largest technology temporary staffing firm and the fourth largest finance and accounting temporary staffing firm. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

According to the September 2022 SIA report, the technology temporary staffing industry and finance and accounting temporary staffing industry are expected to generate projected revenues of 45 billion and 10 billion, respectively, in 2023. Based on these projected revenues, our current market share is slightly greater than 3 . Our business strategies are focused on continuing to expand our share of the U.S. temporary staffing industry, which we have been successful doing over the last 15 years (prior to the Great Recession), and investing in our capability to provide higher level IT services and solutions. We believe that the organic investments that we have made in our managed teams and project solutions capabilities over the last several years have expanded Kforce s total addressable market. Published reports indicate that the addressable market in the technology solutions space is well in excess of 100 billion. 
 From an economic standpoint, temporary employment figures and trends are important indicators of staffing demand, based on data published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics and SIA. In December 2022, the penetration rate (the percentage of temporary staffing to total employment) increased slightly to 2.0 from 1.9 in December 2021, while the unemployment rate, at 3.5 , was down from 3.9 in December 2021. In addition, the college-level unemployment rate, which we believe serves as a better proxy for professional employment and therefore aligns well with the consultant and candidate population that Kforce most typically serves, was 1.9 in December 2022, down from 2.0 in December 2021. 
 Business Strategies 
 Our primary objectives are driving long-term shareholder value by achieving above-market revenue growth, making prudent investments to enhance our efficiency and effectiveness within our operating model and significantly improving our profitability as we progress towards double digit operating margins. We believe the following strategies will help us achieve our objectives. 
 Evolving our Integrated Sales Strategy. Our clients have increasingly been looking to Kforce to assume a greater level of responsibility in assisting them with their digital transformation efforts. We believe that our managed teams and project solutions capabilities have been meaningful drivers to our success in growing our Technology business over the last several years. We expect to make continued investments in advancing our capabilities in this offering and further integrating this capability within our overall Technology business. We are leveraging the longevity of our relationships, primarily with Fortune 500 companies, and our understanding of existing client needs to provide services in areas including resource and capacity management as well as managed outcomes and solutions. 
 We are also continuing to enhance the focus on higher-value skill areas for our FA business that we believe are less susceptible to technological disruption and better aligned to our Technology business. 
 Investments to Improve the Productivity of our People . We believe that it is critical to provide our associates with high quality tools to effectively and efficiently perform their roles, better evaluate business opportunities and advance the value we bring to our clients and consultants. The investments we have made historically include our customer relationship management CRM and talent relationship management TRM capabilities, which are both on the Microsoft Dynamics platform. We continue to invest in these technologies to enhance our capabilities and processes in ways we believe will allow us to better evaluate and shape business opportunities with our clients and more seamlessly match candidates to assignments and projects. 
 Several years ago, we initiated a program along with an independent third-party consulting firm to transform how our back office operations support the Firm, including our clients, candidates and consultants. This multi-year program was initiated following a comprehensive assessment of our current state versus intended future state capabilities. This assessment confirmed our belief that we have a tremendous opportunity to fundamentally transform how our back office functions support the Firm. In 2023, we expect to continue allocating significant investment towards this initiative as we look to make decisions around our future state technology and initiate detailed design and implementation steps. 
 We expect to continually enhance our business and data intelligence efforts as part of an ongoing effort to significantly upgrade our technology tools, including cloud-based platforms. These improved capabilities are expected to help deliver exceptional service to our clients, consultants and candidates and improve the productivity of our associates and the scalability of our organization. 
 Positioning Kforce as a Destination for Top Talent . In 2022, we brought our Office Occasional SM work environment to life. This remote-first, hybrid work model is anchored by more than 30 offices nationwide. We believe Office Occasional SM , in addition to our world-class tools, customer base, market position and culture, enhances the lives and productivity of our people while allowing us to reduce our real estate footprint. We believe that it is a new way forward that betters our people, our firm and our environment. Although we have a remote-first approach, we encourage our associates to leverage physical office space, when desirable, for activities that are most efficiently done through in-person, active collaboration. We believe that these efforts position Kforce as a destination for top talent during a time where there is great disruption in the labor markets. 
 Competition 
 We operate in a highly competitive and fragmented staffing industry comprised of large national and local staffing and solutions firms. The local firms are typically operator-owned, and each market generally has one or more significant competitors. Within our managed teams and project solutions offerings, we also face competition from global, national and regional accounting, consulting and advisory firms and national and regional strategic consulting and systems implementation firms. We believe that our boundaryless reach within the U.S., physical presence in larger markets, concentration of service offerings in areas of greatest demand (especially technology), national delivery teams, centralized delivery channels for foreign consultants, including those obtained via visa programs that optimize distribution and strengthens compliance, longevity of our brand and reputation in the market, along with our dedicated compliance and regulatory infrastructure, all provide a competitive advantage. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Many clients utilize Managed Service Providers MSP or Vendor Management Organizations VMO for the management and procurement of our services. Generally, MSPs and VMOs standardize processes through the use of Vendor Management Systems VMS ), which are tools used to aggregate spend and measure supplier performance. VMSs are also offered through independent providers. Typically, MSPs, VMOs and/or VMS providers charge staffing firms administrative fees ranging from 1 to 4 of revenue. In addition, the aggregation of services by MSPs for their clients into a single program can result in significant buying power and, thus, pricing power. Therefore, the use of MSPs by our clients has, in certain instances, resulted in margin compression, but has also led to incremental client share through our client s vendor consolidation efforts. Kforce does not currently provide MSP or VMO services directly to our clients; rather, our strategy has been to work with MSPs, VMOs and VMS providers that enable us to better extend our services to current and prospective clients. 
 We believe that the principal elements of competition in our industry are differentiated offerings, reputation, ability of consultants to work on assignments with innovative and leading companies, the availability and quality of associates, consultants and candidates, level of service, effective monitoring of job performance, scope of geographic service, types of service offerings and compliance orientation. To attract consultants and candidates, we emphasize our ability to provide competitive compensation and benefits, quality and varied assignments, scheduling flexibility and permanent placement opportunities, all of which are important to Kforce being the employer of choice. Because individuals pursue other employment opportunities on a regular basis, it is important that we respond to market conditions affecting these individuals and focus on our consultant relationship objectives. Additionally, in certain markets, from time to time we have experienced significant pricing pressure as a result of our competitors pricing strategies, which may result in us not being able to effectively compete or choosing to not participate in certain business that does not meet our profitability standard. 
 Regulatory Environment 
 Staffing and solutions firms are generally subject to one or more of the following types of government regulations: (1) regulation of the employer/employee relationship, such as wage and hour regulations, tax withholding and reporting, immigration/H-1B visa regulations, social security and other retirement, anti-discrimination, employee benefits and workers compensation regulations; (2) registration, licensing, recordkeeping and reporting requirements; and (3) worker classification regulations. 
 As the employer, Kforce is responsible for the employer s share of FICA, federal and state unemployment taxes, workers compensation insurance and other direct labor costs relating to our employees. The more pertinent health, welfare and retirement benefits provided to employees and consultants employed directly by us include: comprehensive health insurance, workers compensation benefits and retirement plan options. Additionally for our associates and certain consultants, we provide paid leave. We have no collective bargaining agreements covering any of our employees, have never experienced any material labor disruption, and are unaware of any current efforts or plans of our employees to organize. 
 Because we operate in a complex regulatory environment, one of our top priorities is compliance. For more discussion of the potential impact that the regulatory environment could have on Kforce s financial results, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Insurance 
 Kforce maintains a number of insurance policies including general liability, automobile liability, workers compensation and employers liability, liability for certain foreign exposure, umbrella and excess liability, property, crime, fiduciary, directors and officers, employment practices liability, cybersecurity, professional liability and excess health insurance coverage. These policies provide coverage subject to their terms, conditions, limits of liability and deductibles, for certain liabilities that may arise from Kforce s operations. There can be no assurance that any of the above policies will be adequate for our needs or that we will maintain all such policies in the future. 
 Human Capital Management and Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Matters 
 For over 60 years, Kforce has been rooted in stewardship, integrity and compassion. As a human capital solutions business, we are driven by the desire to serve others, provide meaningful work and opportunities to a diverse workforce, strengthen our communities and shape a more sustainable world. 
 We believe we have made great progress on our ESG-related commitments during 2022, which were outlined in our 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Impact Report. Our 2022 Sustainability Report, which was published on February 17, 2023, recognizes achievements in our ESG-related initiatives, and also outlines opportunities for continued growth and evolution. For a detailed discussion on our ESG initiatives, achievements and commitments, please refer to our 2022 Sustainability Report, publicly available on our website: https://www.kforce.com/about/kforce-corporate-social-responsibility/. 
 We are grounded by our people-first approach with a set of Core Values that serves as a solid foundation. 
 Core Values 
 Our Core Values ground us. They are the foundation for how we positively impact our communities, the environment and the governance of our firm. Our Core Values are: 
 INTEGRITY: Act with intention. Keep promises. Take responsibility. 
 EXCELLENCE: Embrace competition. Succeed together. Go for the win. 
 COMPASSION: Respect others. Nurture relationships. Spread kindness. 
 UNITY: Encourage collaboration. Support each other. Pursue a shared vision. 
 ADAPTABILITY: Champion innovation. Stay curious. Consider the uncommon. 
 COURAGE: Dare to fail. Speak openly. Dream big. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

FUN: Be yourself. Laugh often. Enjoy the journey. 
 The following sections provide a high-level overview of our strategic initiatives related to each of the ESG pillars. 
 Governance 
 We believe that our governance principles add value to our shareholders, associates, consultants, clients and communities. These principles provide a framework for our culture, strategy, people and policy. This section includes an overview of our commitment to oversight, ethics and integrity, and risk management. 
 Oversigh t - Our Board of Directors Board meet regularly to assess strategic plans and manage risks to our business and people, as well as to promote sound corporate governance practices and policies. These practices and policies, include firm-wide compliance with our Commitment to Integrity - Kforce s Code of Business Conduct - that intends to set the highest ethical standards for how we conduct business Code of Conduct ). The Board is responsible for the oversight of our ESG policies and strategy and delegates certain aspects to Board committees who inherently play an active role and are jointly responsible for ESG compliance and oversight. 
 In 2022, we also formalized the oversight structure of our ESG program within our executive leadership team, which is accountable to our Board. 
 Code of Conduct - Our Code of Conduct reflects our commitment to operate in a fair, honest, responsible and ethical manner, and covers various topics including, but not limited to, cybersecurity, data privacy, equity opportunity employment and acceptable pay practices. Our associates receive annual training on our Code of Conduct and are required to certify compliance. 
 Cybersecurity - We take the privacy and protection of our data seriously. Our cybersecurity program helps us secure our systems, keeps our business running around the clock and protects our clients, consultants, associates and shareholders from vulnerabilities and threats. The Board s Audit Committee oversees the Firm s cybersecurity and data privacy strategies and practices, and regularly reviews the Firm s cybersecurity road maps and framework progress and receives updates on relevant activities and measures. 
 People 
 As of December 31, 2022, Kforce employed approximately 2,000 associates and had 10,000 consultants on assignment with our clients, of which a significant majority of these consultants are employed directly by Kforce. 
 Our work environment is shaped by our people. In 2022, we believe we deepened our connections with our people through conducting stay interviews and listening sessions to gauge employee sentiment, which helps guide our decisions. We also maintain a commitment to well-being, flexibility and balance; learning and development; and our ongoing efforts to create a diverse and inclusive workplace. We believe these initiatives are a testament to how much we value and invest in our people. 
 Well-Being, Flexibility and Balance - The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. We provide our associates and consultants and their families with access to a variety of flexible and convenient health and wellness programs. These programs are part of our thoughtful and comprehensive response to support the physical and mental health of our employees by providing tools and resources that each employee can use to improve or maintain their health. 
 Shaped by the feedback of our people, our Office Occasional SM remote-first, hybrid work model is supported by flexibility and choice, and empowered by trust and technology. We believe that our Office Occasional SM model allows our associates to design their workdays; thus, additionally contributing to their health and well-being. 
 In 2022, we invested in additional technology to gather and analyze employee sentiment, which we believe provides us with valuable insights to better direct our people strategies. 
 Learning and Development - To turn a job into a career, we believe people need clear and attainable paths to grow. We are committed to investing in the tools, resources and trainings necessary for our people to excel in all stages of their career. We believe our leadership development programs help people grow their skills from the moment they join our Firm through the most senior level of their careers. Roughly 90 of our leaders have participated in advanced leadership development. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DE I - Our DE I mission is to advocate for and support the inclusion, growth and success of all people connected to Kforce. The ultimate goal is to weave DE I seamlessly into our overall firm strategy using a variety of approaches including creating an inclusive culture, ensuring an equitable talent journey for all, establishing policies that support our people, building an increasingly robust pipeline of diverse candidates, enhancing our supplier diversity practices, and instituting training programs to meet our DE I objectives. 
 In 2022, we established a DE I council, conducted listening sessions through a third-party specialist, and evolved a sense of community with our people through the use of affinity groups. 
 Included in our 2022 Sustainability Report are trends related to employee turnover rates and workforce demographics. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Environmental 
 As a people-focused solutions business, our impact on the environment is relatively low. Still, we regularly look for ways to take action and serve as responsible stewards of the environment. We saw some of the greatest environmental benefits to date as a result of the continued rollout of our Office Occasional SM work model, which resulted in a significant reduction in office space, business travel, in-office electricity usage and reduced employee commutes. As we have continued to minimize our environmental impacts, we recognize the importance of measuring our efforts. During 2022, we engaged a third-party specialist to calculate our greenhouse gas emissions GHG for Scopes 1 and 2 for 2019 to 2021, which indicated a more than 30 decline over this period. This information is more fully detailed in our 2022 Sustainability Report. 
 We are currently in the process of calculating our Scope 3 emissions for 2019 to 2022 and plan to report this measurement along with Scopes 1 and 2 in our next annual Sustainability Report. 
 Availability of Reports and Other Information 
 Our internet address is www.kforce.com. We post our filings, free of charge, at www.investor.kforce.com the same day they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, including our annual and quarterly reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports or statements. The content on any website referred to in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to, and could be materially adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or our anticipated future results. These risk factors are grouped by category, and are presented in order of their relative priority in each respective category. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 The U.S. professional staffing and solutions industry in which we operate is significantly affected by fluctuations in general economic and employment conditions. 
 Demand for our services, generally speaking, can be significantly affected by the general level of economic activity and employment in the U.S. Even in a strong demand environment, without significant uncertainty and volatility, it is difficult for us to forecast future demand for our services due to the inherent challenge in forecasting the strength of economic cycles, availability of consultants and candidates and the short-term nature of many of our agreements. As economic activity slows, companies may defer or terminate projects for which they utilize our services or reduce their use of consultants. In addition, an economic downturn or recession could result in an increase in the unemployment rate and a deceleration of growth in the segments in which we and our clients operate. We may also experience more competitive pricing pressures during periods of economic downturn. Any substantial economic downturn, including an environment with significant inflationary and/or recessionary pressures, in the U.S. or global impact on the U.S. could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Significant declines in business or a loss of a significant client could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial results. 
 Part of our business strategy includes enhancing our service offerings and relationships with larger consumers of our services, which is intended to provide relative durability to our revenue stream during adverse economic environments and enable us to more profitably grow our revenues. However, it also creates the potential for concentrating a significant portion of our revenues among our largest clients and exposes us to increased risks arising from decreases in the volume of business from, the pricing of business with, or the possible loss of business with these clients. Organizational changes occurring within those clients, or a deterioration of their financial condition or business prospects, or a change in their business strategies could reduce their need for our services and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from those clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 New business initiatives and strategic changes may divert management s attention from normal business operations, which could have an adverse effect on our performance. 
 We expect to continue to make enhancements to our business and data intelligence as part of a multi-year effort to significantly upgrade our technology tools, including cloud-based platforms. We also expect to continue enhancing the quality of our revenue stream to focus on higher-value skill areas for our FA business, and investing in the growth of our managed teams and project solutions offerings. These improved capabilities are expected to help deliver exceptional service to our clients, consultants and candidates and improve the productivity of our associates and the scalability of our organization. 
 New business strategies and initiatives, such as these, can be distracting to our management team and associates, and can also be disruptive to our operations. New business initiatives could also involve significant unanticipated challenges and risks, including not advancing our business strategy, not realizing the expected return on the investment, experiencing difficulty in implementing initiatives, or diverting management s attention from our other businesses. New business initiatives and strategic changes in the composition of our business mix can be a diversion to our management s attention from other business concerns and could be disruptive to our operations, which could cause our business and results of operations to suffer materially. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Kforce s current market share may decrease as a result of limited barriers to entry for new competitors and discontinuation of clients looking to outside providers to support their talent needs. 
 The staffing services market is highly competitive with limited barriers to entry. The competition among staffing and solutions firms is intense and we face significant competition in the markets we serve. We compete in national, regional and local markets with full-service and specialized temporary staffing and consulting companies. Additionally, the emergence and popularity of online staffing platforms as well as internal recruiting functions used by some clients as a low-cost alternative, may pose a competitive threat to our services. Some of our competitors possess substantially greater resources than we do and others may develop new and unique technologies, which may better position these competitors in certain markets. Accordingly, we may face increased competitive pricing pressures. We also face the risk that certain of our current and prospective clients will decide to provide similar services internally. Furthermore, many clients are retaining third parties to provide vendor management services, which may subject us to greater risks or lower margins. 
 Kforce may not be able to recruit and retain qualified consultants and candidates. 
 Kforce depends upon the abilities of its staff to attract and retain consultants and candidates, particularly in technology disciplines, who possess the skills and experience necessary to meet the requirements of our clients. We must continually evaluate and upgrade our methods of attracting qualified consultants and candidates to keep pace with changing client needs and emerging technologies. We expect significant competition for individuals with proven technical or professional skills to continue or increase for the foreseeable future given the scarcity of highly skilled consultants and candidates, especially in our Technology business. If qualified individuals are not available to us in sufficient numbers and upon economic terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Kforce faces significant employment-related legal risk. 
 Kforce employs people either in the workplaces of our clients or virtually. Inherent risks in our business include possible claims of or relating to: discrimination and harassment; wrongful termination; violations of employment rights related to employment screening or privacy issues; misclassification of workers as employees or independent contractors; violations of wage and hour requirements and other labor laws; employment of illegal aliens; criminal activity; torts; breach of contract; failure to protect confidential personal information; intentional criminal misconduct; misuse or misappropriation of client intellectual property; employee benefits; or other claims. In some situations, as a practical matter, we may not be in control of the work environment. Additionally, in some circumstances, we are contractually obligated to indemnify our clients against such risks. Such claims may result in negative publicity, injunctive relief, criminal investigations and/or charges, civil litigation, payment by Kforce of defense costs, monetary damages or fines that may be significant, discontinuation of client relationships or other material adverse effects on our business. To reduce our exposure, we maintain policies, procedures and guidelines to promote compliance with laws, rules, regulations and best practices applicable to our business. Even claims without merit could cause us to incur significant expense or reputational harm. We also maintain insurance coverage for professional liability, fidelity, employment practices liability and general liability in amounts and with deductibles that we believe are appropriate for our operations. However, our insurance coverage may not cover all potential claims against us, may require us to meet a deductible or may not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost. In this regard, we face various employment-related risks not covered by insurance, such as wage and hour laws and employment tax responsibility. U.S. courts in recent years have been receiving large numbers of wage and hour class action claims alleging misclassification of overtime-eligible workers and/or failure to pay overtime-eligible workers for all hours worked. 
 Kforce may be exposed to unforeseeable negative acts by our personnel that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 An inherent risk of employing people is that they may have access or may gain access to information systems and confidential information. The risks of such activity include possible acts of errors and omissions; intentional misconduct; release, misuse or misappropriation of client intellectual property, confidential information, personally identifiable information, funds, or other property; data privacy or cybersecurity breaches affecting our clients and/or us; or other acts. Misconduct by our employees could include intentional or unintentional failures to comply with federal government regulations, engaging in unauthorized activities, or improper use of our clients sensitive or classified information, potentially in collusion with third parties, which could result in regulatory or criminal sanctions against us and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and precautions to prevent and detect any such misconduct may not be effective in controlling such risks or losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, any such misconduct may give rise to litigation, which could be time-consuming and expensive. To reduce our exposure, we maintain policies, procedures and insurance coverage for types and amounts we believe are appropriate in light of the aforementioned potential exposures. There can be no assurance that the corporate policies and practices we have in place to help reduce our exposure to these risks will be effective or that we will not experience losses as a result of these risks. In addition, our insurance coverage may not cover all potential claims against us, may require us to meet a deductible or may not continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost. 
 Kforce s success depends upon retaining the services of its management team and key operating employees. 
 Kforce is highly dependent on the efforts, expertise and abilities of its leaders to drive the Firm s strategic objectives and achieve future success. The loss of the services of any key executive for any reason could have a material adverse effect on Kforce. To attract and retain executives and other key employees (particularly management, client servicing, and consultant and candidate recruiting employees) in a competitive marketplace, we must provide a competitive compensation package, including 
 8 

Table of Contents 

a mix of cash-based and equity-based compensation. Kforce expends significant resources in the recruiting and training of its employees, as the pool of available applicants for these positions is limited. The loss or any sustained attrition of our key operating employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to establish and maintain client, consultant and candidate, professional and technical relationships. 
 Risk Related to Cybersecurity and Technology 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents could adversely affect our business and disrupt operations. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and retain personal information of our customers, associates and consultants and their dependents. We are also continuously exposed to unauthorized attempts to compromise sensitive information from network or information technology used by our associates and consultants. Attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency and sophistication. These attacks include, but are not limited to, attempts to gain unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. While we have policies, procedures and systems in place to detect, prevent and deter cyberattacks or security incidents, and, although we have not experienced a material data breach, we remain vulnerable to sophisticated techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or cause system interruption, that change frequently and may not produce immediate signs of intrusion. As a result, we may be unable to anticipate these incidents or techniques, timely discover them, or implement adequate preventative measures. Any cyberattack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, corruption of data, misuse or theft of private or other sensitive information, or inadvertent acts by our associates or consultants, could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, and could adversely impact our systems, services, operations, financial results and reputation with clients and potential clients. 
 The possession and use of personal information and data in conducting our business subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens and compliance risk. We may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with mandatory privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations. We maintain cyber risk insurance, but this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses from any future breaches of our systems or information. Our information technology may not provide sufficient protection, and as a result we may lose significant information about us, our employees or clients. Other results of these incidents could include, but are not limited to, increased cybersecurity protection costs, litigation, regulatory penalties, monetary damages and reputational damage adversely affecting client or investor confidence. 
 Kforce depends on the proper functioning of its information systems. 
 Kforce is dependent on the proper functioning of information systems in operating our business. Critical information systems are used in every aspect of our daily operations, perhaps most significantly, in the identification and matching of resources to client assignments and in the client billing and consultant or vendor payment functions. Kforce s information systems may not perform as expected and are vulnerable to damage or interruption, including natural disasters, fire or casualty, theft, technical failures, terrorist acts, cybersecurity breaches, power outages, telecommunications failures, physical or software intrusions, computer viruses, employee errors or other events. While many of our systems are cloud-based, certain of our systems are still on location. Our corporate headquarters and data center are located in a hurricane-prone area. Failure or interruption of our critical information systems may require significant additional capital and management resources to resolve, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Additionally, many of our information technology systems and networks are cloud-based or managed by third parties, whose future performance and reliability we cannot control. The risk of a cyberattack or security breach on a third party carries the same risks to Kforce as those associated with our internal systems. We seek to reduce these risks by performing vendor due diligence procedures prior to engaging with any third-party vendor who will have access to sensitive data. Additionally, we require audits of the certain third parties information technology processes on an annual basis. However, there can be no assurance that such parties will not experience cybersecurity incidents that could adversely affect our employees, consultants, customers and businesses, or that our audit or diligence processes will successfully deter or prevent such breach. 
 Our failure to keep pace with technological change in our industry could potentially place us at a competitive disadvantage. 
 Our future success is likely to depend in part on our ability to successfully keep pace with technological changes and advances occurring across our industry. Our business is reliant on a variety of systems and technologies, including those that support consultant and candidate searching and matching, hiring and tracking, order management, billing and client data analytics. Our success depends in part on our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the development and implementation of these services. If our systems become outdated, or if our investments in technology fail to provide the expected results, then we may be unable to maintain our technological capabilities relative to our competitors and our business could be negatively affected. 
 Risks Related to Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Matters 
 Kforce may be adversely affected by immigration restrictions and reform. 
 Our Technology business utilizes a significant number of foreign nationals employed by us on work visas, primarily under the H-1B visa classification. The H-1B visa classification that enables U.S. employers to hire qualified foreign nationals is subject to legislative and administrative changes, as well as changes in the application of standards and enforcement. Immigration laws and regulations can be significantly affected by changes in administration, other political developments and levels of economic activity. Current and future restrictions on the availability of such visas could restrain our ability to employ the skilled professionals we need to meet our clients needs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The U.S. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Citizenship and Immigration Service USCIS continues to closely scrutinize companies seeking to sponsor, renew or transfer H-1B status, including Kforce and Kforce s subcontractors, and has issued internal guidance to its field offices that appears to narrow the eligibility criteria for H-1B status in the context of staffing services. In addition to USCIS restrictions, certain aspects of the H-1B program are also subject to regulation and review by the U.S. Department of Labor and U.S. Department of State, which have recently increased enforcement activities in the program. Vigorous enforcement and/or legislative or executive action relating to immigration could adversely affect our ability to recruit or retain foreign national consultants, and consequently, reduce our supply of skilled consultants and candidates and subject us to fines, penalties and sanctions, or result in increased labor and compliance costs. 
 Reclassification of our independent contractors by tax or regulatory authorities could have a material adverse effect on our business model and/or could require us to pay significant retroactive wages, taxes and penalties. 
 We utilize individuals to provide services in connection with our business as qualified third-party independent contractors rather than our direct employees. Heightened state and federal scrutiny of independent contractor relationships could adversely affect us given that we utilize independent contractors to perform our services. An adverse determination related to the independent contractor status of these subcontracted personnel could result in substantial taxes or other liabilities to us, which could result in a material adverse effect upon our business. 
 Significant increases in wages or payroll-related costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Kforce is required to pay a number of federal, state and local payroll and related costs or provide certain benefits such as paid time off, sick leave, unemployment taxes, workers compensation and insurance premiums and claims, FICA and Medicare, among others, related to our employees. Costs could also increase as a result of health care reforms or the possible imposition of additional requirements and restrictions related to the placement of personnel. We may not be able to increase the fees charged to our clients in a timely manner or in a sufficient amount to cover these potential cost increases. 
 Adverse results in tax audits or interpretations of tax laws could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Kforce is subject to periodic federal, state and local tax audits for various tax years. We also need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, enacted in December 2017, provided a significant reduction in the corporate tax rate, but the current administration continues to scrutinize and could potentially modify key aspects of the tax code, which could materially affect our tax obligations and the effective tax rate. Although Kforce attempts to comply with all taxing authority regulations, adverse findings or assessments made by taxing authorities as the result of an audit could have a material adverse effect on Kforce. 
 Kforce may be adversely affected by government regulation of our business and of the workplace. 
 Our business is subject to regulation and licensing in many states. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to obtain all necessary licenses or approvals or that the cost of compliance will not prove to be material. If we fail to comply, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 A large part of our business entails employing individuals on a temporary basis and placing such individuals in clients workplaces. Increased government regulation of the workplace or of the employer/employee relationship could have a material adverse effect on Kforce. For example, changes to government regulations, including changes to statutory hourly wage and overtime regulations, could adversely affect the Firm s results of operations by increasing its costs. Due to the substantial number of state and local jurisdictions in which we operate and the disparity among state and local laws that continues to accelerate, there also is a risk that we may be unaware of, or unable to adequately monitor, actual or proposed changes in, or the interpretation of, the laws or governmental regulations of such states and localities. Any delay in our compliance with changes in such laws or governmental regulations could result in potential fines, penalties, or other sanctions for non-compliance. 
 Significant loss or suspension of our facility security clearances with the federal government could lead to a reduction in our revenues, cash flows and operating results. 
 We act as a subcontractor to the U.S. federal government and many of its agencies. Some government subcontracts require us to maintain facility security clearances and require some of our employees to maintain individual security clearances. If our employees lose or are unable to timely obtain security clearances, or we lose a facility clearance, a government agency client may terminate the subcontract or decide not to renew it upon its expiration. In addition, a security breach by us could cause serious harm to our business, damage our reputation and prevent us from being eligible for further work on sensitive or classified systems for federal government clients. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Kforce may be negatively affected by outbreaks of disease, such as epidemics or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The COVID-19 economic and health crisis (including all of its variants) has impacted and may continue to impact many of our clients business operations due to reduced demand in their businesses, which in some cases was caused by closures and/or initiatives to reduce costs or preserve cash, thereby decreasing demand for our services and/or adversely affecting our profitability and collectability of our accounts receivable. 
 The ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our operations and financial performance in future periods will depend on future COVID-19 related developments, including potential subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections or potential new variants, the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines and the impacts of implementation of any vaccine mandates, and related government 
 10 

Table of Contents 

actions to prevent and manage disease spread, all of which continue to be uncertain. The outbreaks of diseases, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could negatively affect our business, financial position, results of operation, and/or cash flows in the future. 
 Increased scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to ESG practices and the impacts of climate change may result in additional costs or risks. 
 Companies across many industries are facing increasing scrutiny related to their ESG practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors and other influential investors and regulators such as the SEC, among others, are increasingly focused on ESG practices and, in recent years, have placed increasing importance on the non-financial impacts of their investments. Furthermore, increased public awareness and concern regarding environmental risks, including global climate change, may result in increased public scrutiny of our business and our industry. If environmental laws or regulations, industry standards or client requirements are either changed or adopted and impose significant operational and compliance requirements on our operations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. Additionally, uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions may increase in frequency or severity due to climate change and can affect travel and the ability of businesses to remain open, which could lead to decreased ability to offer our services and negatively affect our results of operations. 
 Failure to maintain adequate financial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our financial reporting. 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. If our management is unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls, including those over our third-party vendors, our independent registered public accounting firm cannot render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, or if material weaknesses in our internal controls are identified, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public confidence, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Provisions in Kforce s articles and bylaws and Florida law may have certain anti-takeover effects. 
 Kforce s articles of incorporation and bylaws and Florida law contain provisions that may have the effect of inhibiting a non-negotiated merger or other business combination. In particular, our articles of incorporation provide for a staggered Board terms and permit the removal of directors only for cause. Additionally, the Board may issue up to 15 million shares of preferred stock, and fix the rights and preferences thereof, without a further vote of the shareholders. In addition, certain of our officers and managers have employment agreements containing certain provisions that call for substantial payments to be made to such employees in certain circumstances after a change in control. Some or all of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of Kforce, including an acquisition in which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. As a result, shareholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have the opportunity to do so. Moreover, the existence of these provisions could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. 
 Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist shareholders. 
 We may be subject, from time to time, to legal and business challenges in the operation of our company due to actions instituted by activist shareholders or others. Responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, may not align with our business strategies and could divert the attention of the Board and management from the pursuit of our business strategies. Perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of shareholder activism may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business or other instability and may affect our relationships with vendors, customers, prospective and current employees and consultants, and others. 
 Kforce s stock price may be volatile. 
 The market price of our stock has fluctuated substantially in the past and could fluctuate substantially in the future, based on a variety of factors, including our operating results, changes in general conditions in the economy, the financial markets, the staffing industry, a decrease in our outstanding shares or other developments affecting us, our clients, or our competitors; some of which may be unrelated to our performance. 
 In addition, the stock market in general, especially NASDAQ, along with market prices for staffing companies, has experienced historical volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating results. 
 Among other things, volatility in our stock price could mean that investors will not be able to sell their shares at or above the prices they pay. The volatility also could impair our ability in the future to offer common stock as a source of additional capital or as consideration in the acquisition of other businesses, or as compensation for our key employees. 
 Kforce may maintain levels of debt that exposes us to interest rate risk and contains restrictive covenants that could trigger prepayment of obligations or additional costs. 
 We have a credit facility consisting of a revolving line of credit of up to 200.0 million, subject to certain limitations. Borrowings under the credit facility are secured by substantially all of the tangible and intangible assets of the Firm, and certain other designated collateral. 
 Adverse changes in credit markets, including increases in interest rates, could increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult to refinance our existing indebtedness, if necessary. We have reduced our exposure to rising interest rates by entering into an interest rate hedging arrangement, although this and other arrangements may result in us incurring higher 
 11 

Table of Contents 

interest expenses than we would have otherwise incurred. If interest rates increase in the absence of such arrangements though, we would need to dedicate more of our cash flow from operations to service our debt. 
 Kforce is subject to certain affirmative and negative covenants under our credit facility. Our failure to comply with such restrictive covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in Kforce being required to repay the outstanding balance before the due date. If this occurs, we may not be able to repay our debt or we may be forced to refinance on terms not acceptable to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased approximately 169,000 square feet of total office space in 34 offices located throughout the U.S. The lease terms range from two to eleven years, although a limited number of leases contain short-term renewal provisions that range from month-to-month to one year. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 We are involved in legal proceedings, claims and administrative matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that any of our current such proceedings, claims or matters are material. For further information regarding legal proceedings, refer to Note 17 - "Commitments and Contingencies" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the section entitled "Litigation," included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, which is incorporated into this Item 3 by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ using the ticker symbol KFRC . As of February 22, 2023, there were 145 holders of record. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 In February 2023, the Board approved an increase in our stock repurchase authorization, bringing the total authorization from 41.3 million to 100.0 million. Purchases of common stock under the Plan are subject to certain price, market, volume and timing constraints, which are specified in the plan. 
 The following table presents information with respect to our repurchases of Kforce common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)(2)(3) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 110,658 60.82 105,714 59,844,814 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 188,866 57.52 187,319 49,069,125 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 276,444 54.18 145,817 41,276,204 Total 575,968 56.55 438,850 41,276,204 
 (1) Includes 4,944 shares of stock received upon vesting of restricted stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements for the period October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes 1,547 shares of stock received upon vesting of restricted stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements for the period November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022. 
 (3) Includes 130,627 shares of stock received upon vesting of restricted stock to satisfy tax withholding requirements for the period December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 This MD A should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, as well as Item 1. Business of this report, for an overview of our operations and business environment. 
 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 The following is an executive summary of what Kforce believes are highlights for 2022, which should be considered in the context of the additional discussions herein and in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased 7.9 , per billing day, to 1.7 billion in 2022 from 1.6 billion in 2021. Revenue per billing day increased 17.9 in our Technology business and decreased 33.9 in our FA business, which was impacted by the expected run-off in the COVID-19 project-related business and repositioning efforts. 
 Flex revenue increased 7.6 , per billing day, to 1.65 billion in 2022 from 1.53 billion in 2021. Flex revenue increased 17.8 , per billing day, for Technology and decreased 37.8 , per billing day, for FA. Excluding revenues from the COVID-19 project-related business for both periods, our FA Flex business would have declined 16.7 in 2022 on a year-over-year, billing day basis primarily as a result of our repositioning efforts. 
 While our growth rates slowed in the second half of 2022 given the macro-economic uncertainties, our Technology business carried momentum into the fourth quarter of 2022 as evidenced by 8 growth on a year-over-year billing day basis. 
 Direct Hire revenue, per billing day, increased 16.7 to 58.3 million in 2022 from 49.8 million in 2021. Revenue in this more cyclically sensitive business was down 19.4 in the fourth quarter of 2022 on a year-over-year basis. 
 Gross profit margin increased 40 basis points to 29.3 in 2022 from 28.9 in 2021, primarily as a result of an increased mix of Direct Hire revenue and increased margins in our FA business. Flex gross profit margin increased 20 basis points to 26.8 for 2022 from 26.6 in 2021. Flex gross profit margin was flat for Technology and increased 230 basis points for FA in 2022 over 2021. 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A expenses as a percentage of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased to 22.2 from 21.9 in 2021. The increase is primarily driven by a provision for the note receivable from our joint venture recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022 and a gain on the sale of our corporate headquarters in 2021. 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased to 75.4 million, or 3.68 per share, from 75.2 million, or 3.54 per share, in 2021. The impairment charge and provision for the note receivable from our joint venture negatively impacted earnings per share in 2022 by 0.57. Excluding this impact, earnings per share improved approximately 20 in 2022 on a year-over-year basis. 
 The Firm returned 91.6 million of capital to our shareholders in the form of open market repurchases totaling 67.6 million, or 1.1 million shares, and quarterly dividends totaling 24.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The total capital returned to shareholders in 2022 represented approximately 100 of operating cash flows. 
 Net debt was 25.5 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 3.0 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 90.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 72.9 million for 2021. This increase is primarily driven by the strength in our accounts receivable portfolio and improved profitability levels, partially offset by payments for deferred payroll taxes as a result of the Coronavirus, Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act of approximately 19 million and final payments under our terminated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP of approximately 20 million. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Certain discussions of the changes in our results of operations from the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, have been omitted from this Form 10-K, and may be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022. 
 The following table presents certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income as a percentage of revenue for the years ended: DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue by segment: Technology 88.1 80.6 75.1 FA 11.9 19.4 24.9 Total Revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 Revenue by type: Flex 96.6 96.9 97.6 Direct Hire 3.4 3.1 2.4 Total Revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 Gross profit 29.3 28.9 28.3 Selling, general and administrative expenses 22.2 21.9 22.2 Depreciation and amortization 0.3 0.3 0.4 Income from operations 6.8 6.7 5.7 Income from operations, before income taxes 6.0 6.3 5.4 Net income 4.4 4.8 4.0 
 Revenue. The following table presents revenue by type for each segment and percentage change from the prior period for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 2022 Increase (Decrease) 2021 Increase (Decrease) 2020 Technology Flex revenue 1,476,055 18.3 1,247,560 20.8 1,032,901 Direct Hire revenue 31,572 19.7 26,381 57.7 16,727 Total Technology revenue 1,507,627 18.3 1,273,941 21.4 1,049,628 FA Flex revenue 176,395 (37.6) 282,597 (14.7) 331,196 Direct Hire revenue 26,743 14.4 23,384 38.6 16,876 Total FA revenue 203,138 (33.6) 305,981 (12.1) 348,072 Total Flex revenue 1,652,450 8.0 1,530,157 12.2 1,364,097 Total Direct Hire revenue 58,315 17.2 49,765 48.1 33,603 Total Revenue 1,710,765 8.3 1,579,922 13.0 1,397,700 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Our quarterly operating results are affected by the number of billing days in a quarter. The following table presents the year-over-year revenue growth rates, per billing day, for the last five quarters: Year-Over-Year Revenue Growth Rates (Per Billing Day) Q4 2022 Q3 2022 Q2 2022 Q1 2022 Q4 2021 Billing days 61 64 64 64 61 Technology Flex 8.5 15.7 23.3 26.0 31.0 FA Flex (28.8) (30.7) (49.0) (37.6) (28.9) Total Flex 3.1 8.7 7.2 11.8 16.6 
 Flex Revenue. The key drivers of Flex revenue are the number of consultants on assignment, billable hours, the bill rate per hour and, to a limited extent, the amount of billable expenses incurred by Kforce. 
 Flex revenue for our Technology business increased 17.8 per billing day, during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was driven principally by a combination of significant growth in the number of consultants on assignment and higher average bill rates. Given the inflationary pressures on wages and scarcity of highly-skilled technology consultants, we have continued to experience a meaningful acceleration in average bill rates, which increased 1.7 sequentially in the fourth quarter of 2022. We believe that the growth in consultants on assignment was fueled by strong secular drivers of demand, the strength of our client portfolio, our concentration in highly-skilled technology talent, and solid execution. While we may be susceptible to short-term disruption with specific clients or industry-specific dynamics as a result of the macro-economic environment, we believe that we are positioned well to achieve our long-term growth ambitions. We expect first quarter 2023 Technology Flex revenue to grow in the low to mid-single digits year-over year. 
 Our FA business experienced a decrease in Flex revenue of 37.8 , per billing day, during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily driven by the expected run-off of the COVID-related project business. Excluding the COVID-related business in 2021, FA Flex revenues declined 16.7 in 2022, per billing day, primarily as a result of our repositioning effort towards more highly-skilled roles. We expect first quarter 2023 FA Flex revenue to be down in the mid 20 range year-over year. 
 The following table presents the key drivers for the change in Flex revenue by segment over the prior period (in thousands): YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Key Drivers - Increase (Decrease) Technology FA Technology FA Volume - hours billed 118,757 (144,684) 177,865 (63,558) Bill rate 109,357 38,456 35,242 15,167 Billable expenses 381 26 1,552 (208) Total change in Flex revenue 228,495 (106,202) 214,659 (48,599) 
 The following table presents total Flex hours billed by segment and the percentage change over the prior period for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 2022 Increase (Decrease) 2021 Increase (Decrease) 2020 Technology 16,794 9.6 15,329 17.3 13,070 FA 3,789 (51.2) 7,768 (19.2) 9,615 Total Flex hours billed 20,583 (10.9) 23,097 1.8 22,685 
 Direct Hire Revenue. The key drivers of Direct Hire revenue are the number of placements and the associated placement fee. 
 Direct Hire revenue increased 16.7 per billing day, during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily driven by a significant increase in both placement fees and the number of placements. There has, however, been a moderation in the performance of this more cyclically sensitive business in the second half of 2022 given the macro-economic concerns. We expect Direct Hire revenue to decline in the first quarter of 2023 on a year-over-year basis by approximately 30 . 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit is determined by deducting direct costs (primarily consultant compensation, payroll taxes, payroll-related insurance and certain fringe benefits, as well as independent contractor costs) from total revenue. In addition, there are no consultant payroll costs associated with Direct Hire placements; thus, all Direct Hire revenue increases gross profit by the full amount of the placement fee. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the gross profit as a percentage of total revenue gross profit percentage for each segment and percentage change over the prior period for the years ended December 31: 2022 Increase (Decrease) 2021 Increase (Decrease) 2020 Technology 28.0 0.4 27.9 1.1 27.6 FA 39.0 18.2 33.0 7.8 30.6 Total gross profit percentage 29.3 1.4 28.9 2.1 28.3 
 Total gross profit percentage increased 40 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily as a result of an increased mix of Direct Hire revenue and the expected run-off of the COVID-19 related business, which had a lower margin profile. 
 Flex gross profit percentage (Flex gross profit as a percentage of Flex revenue) provides management with helpful insight into the other drivers of total gross profit percentage driven by our Flex business such as changes in the spread between the consultants bill rate and pay rate. 
 The following table presents the Flex gross profit percentage for each segment and percentage change over the prior period for the years ended December 31: 2022 Increase (Decrease) 2021 Increase (Decrease) 2020 Technology 26.4 26.4 26.4 FA 29.7 8.4 27.4 1.1 27.1 Total Flex gross profit percentage 26.8 0.8 26.6 26.6 
 Our Flex gross profit percentage for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, increased 20 basis points. We have seen good stability in our Technology Flex gross margins over the last several years as the benefit from higher growth in our managed teams and project solutions business, which typically carries a higher margin profile, has offset any spread compression in the remainder of our Technology business. 
 FA Flex gross profit margins increased 230 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the expected run-off of the lower margin COVID-19 related business and our repositioning efforts. 
 The following table presents the key drivers for the change in Flex gross profit by segment over the prior period (in thousands): YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Key Drivers - Increase (Decrease) Technology FA Technology FA Revenue impact 60,365 (29,128) 56,734 (13,152) Profitability impact 395 4,061 (137) 1,033 Total change in Flex gross profit 60,760 (25,067) 56,597 (12,119) 
 SG A Expenses. Total compensation, commissions, payroll taxes and benefit costs as a percentage of SG A represented 84.1 , 85.4 and 83.0 of SG A for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Commissions and other bonus incentives for our revenue-generating talent are variable costs driven primarily by revenue and gross profit levels, and associate performance. 
 The following table presents certain components of SG A as a percentage of total revenue for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 2022 of Revenue 2021 of Revenue 2020 of Revenue Compensation, commissions, payroll taxes and benefits costs 319,501 18.7 295,187 18.7 257,802 18.4 Other (1) 
 60,314 3.5 50,534 3.2 52,911 3.8 Total SG A 379,815 22.2 345,721 21.9 310,713 22.2 
 (1) In cludes items such as credit loss expense, lease expense, professional fees, travel, telephone, computer and certain other expenses. 
 SG A as a percentage of revenue increased 30 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, mostly driven by a 1.9 million reserve related to the note receivable issued to our joint venture and a 2.0 million gain on the sale of our previous corporate headquarters in 2021. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

The Firm continues to focus on improving the productivity of our associates and generating increased operating leverage as revenues grow. 
 Depreciation and Amortization. The following table presents depreciation and amortization expense and percentage change over the prior period by major category for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 2022 Increase (Decrease) 2021 Increase (Decrease) 2020 Fixed asset depreciation (includes finance leases) 2,655 (5.9) 2,822 (30.7) 4,073 Capitalized software amortization 1,772 5.6 1,678 42.0 1,182 Total Depreciation and amortization 4,427 (1.6) 4,500 (14.4) 5,255 
 Other Expense, Net. Other expense, net was 14.4 million in 2022, 7.4 million in 2021 and 5.0 million in 2020. Other expense, net consists of our proportionate share of losses for our joint venture and interest expense related to outstanding borrowings under our credit facility. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized 3.8 million, 2.5 million, and 1.7 million, respectively, related to our share of losses related to our equity method investment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Other expense, net also includes an impairment charge of 13.7 million for our equity method investment. Refer to Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, for a more detailed discussion on the impairment of our equity method investment. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Other expense, net also includes a 4.1 million gain recognized as a result of the termination of an interest rate swap agreement in May 2022. Refer to Note 14 - Derivative Instrument and Hedging Activity in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for a complete discussion of the interest rate swap derivative instruments. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, Other expense, net includes 1.8 million expense related to the termination of our SERP in 2021. Refer to Note 12 - Employee Benefit Plans in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, for a complete discussion of the termination of our SERP. 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense as a percentage of income from operations, before income taxes (our effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 26.4 , 24.3 and 25.5 , respectively. The 2022 effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by a lower work opportunity tax credit and a lower tax benefit from the vesting of restricted stock in 2022, as compared to 2021. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Free Cash Flow. Free Cash Flow , a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined by Kforce as net cash provided by operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP, less capital expenditures. Management believes this provides an additional way of viewing our liquidity that, when viewed with our GAAP results, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our cash flows and is useful information to investors as it provides a measure of the amount of cash generated from the business that can be used for strategic opportunities including investing in our business, repurchasing common stock, paying dividends or making acquisitions. Free Cash Flow has limitations due to the fact that it does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. Therefore, we believe it is important to view Free Cash Flow as a complement to, but not as a replacement for, our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents Free Cash Flow (in thousands): YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 75,431 75,177 56,039 Non-cash provisions and other 50,294 30,188 27,582 Changes in operating assets/liabilities (34,920) (32,467) 25,538 Net cash provided by operating activities 90,805 72,898 109,159 Capital expenditures (8,109) (6,441) (6,475) Free cash flow 82,696 66,457 102,684 Note receivable issued to our joint venture (6,750) Cash proceeds received from Company-owned life insurance 1,077 Equity method investment (500) (9,000) (4,000) Change in debt (74,400) 35,000 Repurchases of common stock (74,913) (66,210) (35,613) Cash dividends (24,027) (20,120) (16,787) Net proceeds from the sale of assets held for sale 23,742 3,548 Other (51) (1,366) (1,177) Change in cash and cash equivalents (96,868) (6,497) 83,655 
 Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA , a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined by Kforce as net income before depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, interest expense, net, income tax expense, loss from equity method investment, gain from Swap termination, reserve associated with the note receivable issued to our joint venture, impairment of equity method investment, gain on the sale of the corporate headquarters, legal settlement expense and SERP termination expense. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a measure of financial performance under GAAP. Items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA are significant components in understanding and assessing our past and future financial performance, and this presentation should not be construed as an inference by us that our future results will be unaffected by those items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is a key measure used by management to assess our operations including our ability to generate cash flows and our ability to repay our debt obligations and management believes it provides a good metric of our core profitability in comparing our performance to our competitors, as well as our performance over different time periods. Consequently, management believes it is useful information to investors. The measure should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income, cash flows or other financial statement information presented in the consolidated financial statements as indicators of financial performance or liquidity. The measure is not determined in accordance with GAAP and is thus susceptible to varying calculations. Also, Adjusted EBITDA, as presented, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. 
 In addition, although we excluded amortization of stock-based compensation expense because it is a non-cash expense, we expect to continue to incur stock-based compensation in the future and the associated stock issued may result in an increase in our outstanding shares of stock, which may result in the dilution of our shareholder ownership interest. We suggest that you evaluate these items and the potential risks of excluding such items when analyzing our financial position. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents Adjusted EBITDA and includes a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 75,431 75,177 56,039 Depreciation and amortization 4,427 4,500 5,255 Stock-based compensation expense 17,655 13,999 11,595 Interest expense, net 973 3,073 3,396 Income tax expense 27,011 24,090 19,173 Loss from equity method investment 3,824 2,480 1,681 Gain from termination of interest rate swap (4,059) Reserve associated with note receivable issued to our joint venture 1,925 Impairment of equity method investment 13,684 Gain on sale of corporate headquarters (2,051) Legal settlement expense 3,350 SERP termination expense 1,821 Adjusted EBITDA 140,871 126,439 97,139 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 To meet our capital and liquidity requirements, we primarily rely on operating cash flow, as well as borrowings under our credit facility. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 0.1 million and 97.0 million, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents, which consisted primarily of government money market funds. At December 31, 2022, Kforce had 146.3 million in working capital compared to 211.7 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Cash Flows 
 Our business has historically generated a significant amount of operating cash flows, which allows us to balance deploying available capital towards: (i) investing in our infrastructure to allow sustainable growth via capital expenditures; (ii) our dividend and share repurchase programs; and (iii) maintaining sufficient liquidity for potential acquisitions or other strategic investments. 
 The following table presents a summary of our net cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands): YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, Cash Provided by (Used in) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities 90,805 72,898 109,159 Investing activities (14,282) 8,301 (6,927) Financing activities (173,391) (87,696) (18,577) Change in cash and cash equivalents (96,868) (6,497) 83,655 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 90.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 72.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Our largest source of operating cash flows is the collection of trade receivables, and our largest use of operating cash flows is the payment of our associate and consultant compensation. Cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, includes the payment of 20.0 million for amounts owed to two participants under the terminated SERP and the payment of approximately 19.3 million in deferred payroll taxes as a result of the application of the CARES Act. The year-over-year increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by strong collections of accounts receivable, improved profitability levels, proceeds from the termination of our interest rate swap, and continued management of working capital. This is partially offset by payments for deferred payroll taxes under the CARES Act. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 14.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, and primarily consisted of cash used for capital expenditures of 8.1 million and the issuance of secured promissory notes to our joint venture totaling 6.8 million. Cash provided by investing activities of 8.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily included 23.7 million in net proceeds from the sale of our corporate headquarters, partially offset by cash used for capital expenditures and capital contributions to our joint venture. We expect to continue selectively investing in our infrastructure, primarily focusing on implementing new and upgrading existing technologies that we expect will help deliver exceptional service to our clients, consultants, and candidates and improve productivity of our associates and the scalability of our organization. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities was 173.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 87.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily driven by 74.4 million of net payments on our credit facility, which includes payments of 112.6 million and draw downs of 38.2 million, as well as an overall increase in repurchases of common stock and dividend payments. 
 The following table presents the cash flow impact of the common stock repurchase activity for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 2022 2021 2020 Open market repurchases 66,806 54,265 29,386 Repurchase of shares related to tax withholding requirements for vesting of restricted stock 8,107 11,945 6,227 Total cash flow impact of common stock repurchases 74,913 66,210 35,613 Cash paid in current year for settlement of prior year repurchases 181 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, Kforce declared and paid dividends of 24.0 million 1.20 per share), 20.1 million 0.98 per share) and 16.8 million 0.80 per share), respectively. 
 On February 3, 2023, Kforce s Board approved a 20 annual increase to the Company's dividend from 1.20 per share to 1.44 per share. The declaration, payment and amount of future dividends are discretionary and will be subject to determination by Kforce s Board each quarter following its review of, among other things, the Firm s current and expected financial performance as well as the ability to pay dividends under applicable law. 
 We believe that existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations and available borrowings under our credit facility will be adequate to meet the capital expenditure and working capital requirements of our operations for at least the next 12 months. However, a material deterioration in the economic environment or market conditions, among other things, could negatively impact operating results and liquidity, as well as the ability of our lenders to fund borrowings. Actual results could also differ materially from those indicated as a result of a number of factors, including the use of currently available resources for potential acquisitions and additional stock repurchases. 
 Credit Facility 
 On October 20, 2021, the Firm entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as lead arranger and bookrunner, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, BMO Harris Bank, N.A., as documentation agent, and the lenders referred to therein (the Amended and Restated Credit Facility ). Under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility, the Firm has a maximum borrowing capacity of 200.0 million, which may, subject to certain conditions and the participation of the lenders, be increased up to an aggregate additional amount of 150.0 million. The maturity date of the Amended and Restated Credit Facility is October 20, 2026. Refer to Note 13 - Credit Facility in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, for a complete discussion of our credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, 25.6 million was outstanding and 173.1 million, subject to certain covenants, was available. 
 In April 2017 and March 2020, Kforce entered into two forward-starting interest rate swap agreements to mitigate the risk of rising interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, the Firm did not have any outstanding interest rate swap derivative instruments. Refer to Note 14 - Derivative Instrument and Hedging Activity in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report for a complete discussion of our interest rate swaps. 
 Stock Repurchases 
 The following table presents the open market repurchase activity under the Board-authorized common stock repurchase program for the years ended December 31 (in thousands): 2022 2021 Shares Shares Open market repurchases 1,124 67,599 922 54,446 On February 3, 2023, the Board approved an increase in our stock repurchase authorization, bringing the total authorization to 100.0 million. As of December 31, 2022, 41.3 million remained available for further repurchases under the Board-authorized common stock repurchase program. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 In addition to our discussion and analysis surrounding our liquidity and capital resources, consideration should also be given to significant contractual obligations: 
 Our credit facility matures October 20, 2026, and as of December 31, 2022, our outstanding debt balance was 25.6 million. Total payments, however, are inherently uncertain as the Interest rates related to this outstanding balance are variable and the outstanding borrowings that will occur over the remaining term of the credit facility is unknown. Refer to Note 13 - Credit Facility in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further detail of our credit facility. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

We maintain various non-qualified deferred compensation plans pursuant to which eligible management and highly-compensated key employees may elect to defer all or part of their compensation to later years. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of our obligation under these plans was 40.5 million. These amounts are included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and classified as Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities and Other long-term liabilities, as appropriate, and are payable based upon the elections of the plan participants (e.g., retirement, termination of employment, change-in-control). Amounts payable upon the retirement or termination of employment may become payable during the next five years if a covered employee retires, terminates, or schedules a distribution. 
 Our purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services entered into in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2022, the value of our non-cancellable unconditional purchase obligations was 21.9 million. 
 We have employment agreements with certain executives that provide for minimum compensation, salary and continuation of certain benefits for a six-month to a three-year period after their employment ends under certain circumstances. At December 31, 2022, our liability would be approximately 40.3 million for terminations related to a change in control and 17.3 million related to terminations in the absence of cause. Refer to Note 17 - Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding our commitments related to employment agreements. 
 We lease certain facilities and other properties under non-cancellable operating lease arrangements that expire at various dates through 2033. As of December 31, 2022, the value of our obligations under operating leases was 22.8 million. Refer to Note 11 - Operating Leases in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding our lease obligations and the timing of expected future payments, including a five-year maturity schedule. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Kforce provides letters of credit to certain vendors in lieu of cash deposits. At December 31, 2022, Kforce had letters of credit outstanding for operating lease and insurance coverage deposits totaling 1.3 million. 
 These off-balance sheet arrangements do not have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources. These off-balance sheet arrangements do not provide financing, liquidity, market or credit risk support. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, estimates, assumptions and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. Management believes that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We have not made any material changes in our accounting methodologies used in prior years. 
 Equity Method Investment 
 Initial Investment 
 We entered into a joint venture with WorkLLama in June 2019 and contributed 22.5 million in equity capital from inception through December 31, 2022. 
 Impairment Assessment 
 We review the equity method investment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized in the event that an other-than-temporary decline in the fair value of the investment occurs. Management s estimate of fair value of the investment is generally based on the income approach and/or market approach or another acceptable fair value method. For the income approach, we utilize estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by WorkLLama. For the market approach, we utilized market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies. These types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make significant assumptions and judgments including: (1) an appropriate rate to discount the expected future cash flows; (2) the inherent risk in achieving forecasted operating results; (3) long-term growth rates; (4) expectations for future economic cycles; (5) market comparable companies and appropriate adjustments thereto; and (6) market multiples. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an impairment charge of 13.7 million, which was recorded in Other Expense, net, on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 15 - Fair Value Measurements in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, for a complete discussion of our equity method investment and our impairment analysis. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Management performs an ongoing analysis of factors in establishing its allowance for doubtful accounts including recent write-off and delinquency trends, a specific analysis of significant receivable balances that are past due, the concentration of accounts receivable among clients and higher-risk sectors, and the current state of the U.S. economy. A 10 change in accounts reserved, at December 31, 2022, would have impacted our net income by approximately 0.1 million in 2022. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 Our effective income tax rate is influenced by tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions, including those that may be uncertain. 
 We are also required to exercise judgment with respect to the realization of our net deferred tax assets. Management evaluates positive and negative evidence and exercises judgment regarding past and future events to determine if it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets may not be realized. If appropriate, a valuation allowance is recorded against deferred tax assets to offset future tax benefits that may not be realized. A 0.5 change in our effective tax rate would have impacted our net income by approximately 0.5 million in 2022. 
 Refer to Note 6 Income Taxes in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, for a complete discussion of the components of our income tax expense, as well as the temporary differences that exist as of December 31, 2022. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 Goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level which is generally an operating segment, or one level below the operating segment level, where a business operates and for which discrete financial information is available and reviewed by segment management. We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently whenever events or circumstances indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value. We monitor the existence of potential impairment indicators throughout the year. It is our policy to conduct impairment testing based on our current business strategy in light of present industry and economic conditions, as well as future expectations. 
 When performing a quantitative assessment, we determine the fair value of our reporting units using widely accepted valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow, guideline transaction and guideline company methods. These types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make significant assumptions and judgments including: (1) an appropriate rate to discount the expected future cash flows; (2) the inherent risk in achieving forecasted operating results; (3) long-term growth rates; (4) expectations for future economic cycles; (5) market comparable companies and appropriate adjustments thereto; and (6) market multiples. When performing a qualitative assessment, we assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. 
 Refer to Note 8 Goodwill in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, for a complete discussion of the valuation methodologies employed. 
 Self-Insured Liabilities 
 We are self-insured for certain losses related to health insurance claims that are below insurable limits. However, we obtain third-party insurance coverage to limit our exposure to claims in excess of insurable limits. When estimating our self-insured liabilities, we consider a number of factors, including historical claims experience, plan structure, internal claims management activities, demographic factors and severity factors. Periodically, management reviews its assumptions to determine the adequacy of our self-insured liabilities. 
 Our self-insured liabilities contain uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate total cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not reported IBNR as of the balance sheet date. A 10 change in our self-insured liabilities related to health insurance, as of December 31, 2022, would have impacted our net income by approximately 0.3 million in 2022. 

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 Refer to Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, for a discussion of new accounting standards. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 In addition to the inherent operational risks, Kforce is exposed to certain market risks, primarily related to changes in interest rates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 25.6 million outstanding under our credit facility. A hypothetical 10 increase in interest rates in effect at December 31, 2022 would increase Kforce s annual interest expense by less than 0.2 million. Refer to Note 13 - Credit Facility in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report, for further details on our credit facility. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Kforce Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Kforce, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. 
 Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate . 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Equity Method Investment Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 In June 2019, Kforce Inc. entered into a joint venture whereby Kforce Inc. has a 50 noncontrolling ownership in WorkLLama, LLC ("WorkLLama"). The noncontrolling interest in WorkLLama, a variable interest entity, is accounted for as an equity method investment. Under the equity method, the investment carrying value is recorded at cost and adjusted for the proportionate share of earnings or losses. Management reviews the equity method investment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized in the event that an other-than-temporary decline in fair value of an investment occurs. Management s estimate of fair value of an investment is considered a critical accounting estimate and changes in the assumptions used could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any impairment charge, or both. An 
 24 

Table of Contents 

other-than-temporary impairment related to the equity method investment of 13.7 million was recorded in other expense, net, in the statement of operations and comprehensive income for the year December 31, 2022, resulting in a complete write off of the investment. 
 We identified the other-than-temporary impairment assessment and related impairment for the Company's equity method investment in WorkLLama as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort was required throughout the audit to evaluate management's assessment related to the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, including the Company's intent to the hold the investment until recovery. Consideration of management s assessment to determine fair value included evaluating factors that a market participant would use to measure fair value in consideration of the circumstances . 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the other-than-temporary impairment assessment and associated impairment of the Company s equity method investment in WorkLLama included the following, among others: 
 We performed risk assessment procedures which included procedures to understand and assess the reasonableness of WorkLLama projections and involved a fair value specialist to assist in evaluating the fair value assumptions. 
 We tested the operating effectiveness of the controls over the Company's process to evaluate if other-than-temporary impairment indicators exist for its equity method investment in WorkLLama, as well as to evaluate the considerations used to determine the fair value of the investment. 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management's assessment related to the Company's intent to the hold the investment until recovery. 
 We evaluated the valuation techniques and relevant inputs to determine the fair value of the investee. This included involvement of our fair value specialists to evaluate the appropriateness of the methodology used in consideration of the circumstances and the sufficiency of data and the relevant observable inputs available to measure fair value. 
 
 /s/ 
 February 24, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2000. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

KFORCE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Direct costs Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization Income from operations Other expense, net Income from operations, before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income: Defined benefit pension plans, net of tax ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding basic Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

KFORCE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
 DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Income tax refund receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Fixed assets, net Other assets, net Deferred tax assets, net Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Accrued payroll costs Current portion of operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt credit facility Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 17) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

KFORCE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (IN THOUSANDS) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Adoption of new accounting standard, net of tax of 
 ) ) Issuance for stock-based compensation and dividend equivalents, net of forfeitures ) Stock-based compensation expense Employee stock purchase plan ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Defined benefit pension plan, no tax benefit ) ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap, net of tax of 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Issuance for stock-based compensation and dividend equivalents, net of forfeitures ) Stock-based compensation expense Employee stock purchase plan ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Defined benefit pension plan, no tax benefit Change in fair value of interest rate swap, net of tax of 
 Repurchases of common stock ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income Issuance for stock-based compensation and dividend equivalents, net of forfeitures ) Stock-based compensation expense Employee stock purchase plan ) Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap, net of tax benefit of 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

KFORCE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (IN THOUSANDS) YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Reserve related to note receivable Impairment of equity method investment Deferred income tax provision, net ) Provision for credit losses ) Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Loss (gain) on disposal or impairment of assets ) Noncash lease expense Loss on equity method investment Defined benefit pension plans expense Other ) (Increase) decrease in operating assets Trade receivables, net ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities Accrued payroll costs ) Payment of benefit under terminated pension plan ) Other liabilities Cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Equity method investment ) ) ) Note receivable issued to our joint venture ) Cash proceeds received from Company-owned life insurance Net proceeds from the sale of assets held for sale Cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from credit facility Payments on credit facility ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends ) ) ) Payments on other financing arrangements ) ) ) Cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 2022 2021 2020 Cash paid during the year for: Income taxes 
 Operating lease liabilities Interest, net Non-Cash Financing and Investing Transactions: ROU assets obtained from operating leases Unsettled repurchases of common stock Employee stock purchase plan 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

30 

Table of Contents 

KFORCE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

days or less). Management uses the expected value method to estimate the fallout reserve based on a combination of past experience and current trends. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

days, however, we have extended our payment terms beyond days for certain of our customers. Generally, the timing between the satisfaction of the performance obligation and the payment is not significant and we do not currently have any significant financing components. 
 Unsatisfied Performance Obligations 
 We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts if either the original expected length is one year or less or if revenue is recognized at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. 
 Contract Balances 
 We record accounts receivable when our right to consideration becomes unconditional and services have been performed. Other than our trade receivable balance, we do t have any material contract assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We record a contract liability when we receive consideration from a customer prior to transferring services to the customer. We recognize the contract liability as revenue after we have transferred control of the goods or services to the customer. Contract liabilities are recorded within Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities if expected to be recognized in less than one year and Other long-term liabilities, if over one year, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do t have any material contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Cost of Services 
 Direct costs are composed of all related costs of employment for consultants, including compensation, payroll taxes, certain fringe benefits and subcontractor costs. Direct costs exclude depreciation and amortization expense, which is presented on a separate line in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Associate and field management compensation, payroll taxes and fringe benefits are included in SG A along with other customary costs such as administrative and corporate costs. 
 
 Trade accounts receivable reserves as a percentage of gross trade receivables was less than at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

noncontrolling interest in WorkLLama, which is accounted for as an equity method investment. Under the equity method, our carrying value included equity capital contributions, adjusted for our proportionate share of earnings or losses. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we contributed million and million of equity capital contributions to our joint venture, respectively. We recorded a loss related to our equity method investment of million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, Kforce executed a series of promissory notes (the Note Receivable to our joint venture for up to million, with annual interest, and principal and accrued interest payable due in a lump sum in June 2025, which is secured by all of the assets of the joint venture. The amount funded to our joint venture under the Note Receivable was million as of December 31, 2022. There have been no payments received on the Note Receivable during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 In December 2022, WorkLLama executed a letter of intent LOI with an independent third party whereby the third party would acquire WorkLLama and settle the outstanding debt, or a portion thereof, owed by WorkLLama to Kforce. 
 Based on the financial terms of the LOI and the seniority of the Note Receivable taking precedence, management determined that the equity method investment had an other than temporary impairment as of December 31, 2022, and we recognized an impairment loss of the full balance of the equity method investment of million, which was recorded in Other Expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. The balance of the equity method investment is and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in Other assets, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 15 - Fair Value Measurements for more details on the impairment analysis of our equity method investment. 
 In addition, based on the proceeds expected upon the sale of our joint venture, as well as the associated legal, transaction and other costs, we assessed the collectability of the Note Receivable and recorded a credit loss on the Note Receivable of million, which was recorded in SG A in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the year ended December 31, 2022. The balance of the Note Receivable, net was million and was included in Other assets, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022. 
 On February 23, 2023, Kforce sold it s noncontrolling interest in WorkLLama to an unaffiliated third party. The net proceeds from this transaction settle the outstanding balance of the Note Receivable owed by WorkLLama to Kforce. Any gain as a result of this transaction is expected to be immaterial. Kforce will not have continuing involvement in the operations of WorkLLama other than as a customer of WorkLLama s SaaS talent community platform. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

with a limited number of leases contain short-term renewal provisions that range from month-to-month to one year and some containing options to renew or terminate. 
 We elected the short-term practical expedient for leases with an initial term of 12 months or less and do not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for these short-term leases. 
 In addition to base rent, certain of our operating leases require variable payments of property taxes, insurance and common area maintenance. These variable lease costs, other than those dependent upon an index or rate, are expensed when the obligation for those payments is incurred. 
 . Amortization expense of capitalized software during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 thousand in claims annually. Additionally, for all claim amounts exceeding thousand, Kforce retains the risk of loss up to an annual aggregate loss of those claims of thousand. For its partially self-insured lines of coverage, health insurance costs are accrued using estimates to approximate the liability for reported claims and incurred but not reported claims, which are primarily based upon an evaluation of historical claims experience, actuarially-determined completion factors and a qualitative review of our health insurance exposure including the extent of outstanding claims and expected changes in health insurance costs. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were thousand, thousand and thousand common stock equivalents, respectively, included in the diluted WASO. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were thousand, thousand and thousand, respectively, of anti-dilutive common stock equivalents. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Firm did not have any outstanding interest rate swap derivative instruments. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Gross profit Operating and other expenses Income from operations, before income taxes 2021 Revenue Gross profit Operating and other expenses Income from operations, before income taxes 2020 Revenue Gross profit Operating and other expenses Income from operations, before income taxes 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Direct Hire revenue Total Revenue 2021 Flex revenue Direct Hire revenue Total Revenue 2020 Flex revenue Direct Hire revenue Total Revenue 
 
 Current period provision Write-offs charged against the allowance, net of recoveries of amounts previously written off ) Allowance for credit losses, December 31, 2021 Current period provision ) Write-offs charged against the allowance, net of recoveries of amounts previously written off ) Allowance for credit losses, December 31, 2022 
 The allowances on trade receivables presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets include million for reserves unrelated to credit losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 - years 
 Computer equipment - years 
 Leasehold improvements - years 
 Total fixed assets Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total Fixed assets, net Depreciation expense was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

State Deferred tax expense ) Total Income tax expense 
 State income taxes, net of Federal tax effect Non-deductible compensation and meals and entertainment Tax credits ) ) ) Tax benefit from restricted stock vesting ) ) ) Other ) Effective tax rate 
 The 2022 effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by a lower Work Opportunity Tax Credit WOTC and a lower tax benefit from the vesting of restricted stock in 2022, as compared with 2021. The 2021 effective rate was favorably impacted by a higher WOTC and a greater tax benefit from the vesting of restricted stock in 2021, as compared with 2020. These were offset by greater non-deductible compensation to certain executive officers pursuant to IRS Code Section 162(m). 
 
 Accrued liabilities Deferred compensation obligation Stock-based compensation Operating lease liabilities Pension and post-retirement benefit plans Deferred payroll taxes Other Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Goodwill ) ) ROU assets for operating leases ) ) Partnership basis difference ) Other ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Valuation allowance Total Deferred tax assets, net 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

ROU assets for operating leases, net Capitalized software, net (2) Deferred loan costs, net Note Receivable, net (3) Equity method investment (1) Other non-current assets Total Other assets, net 
 (1) In December 2022, management determined there was an other than temporary impairment related to the equity method investment. Refer to Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more information on our equity method investment. 
 (2) Accumulated amortization of capitalized software was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) During the year ended December 31, 2022, Kforce executed the Note Receivable with our joint venture that amounted to million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a reserve of million on the Note Receivable. Refer to Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more details on the Note Receivable issued to our joint venture. 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses Goodwill, carrying value 
 There was impairment expense related to goodwill for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Management performed its annual impairment assessment of the carrying value of goodwill as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. For each of our reporting units, we assessed qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting units was less than its carrying amount. Based on the qualitative assessments, management determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair values of the reporting units were less than the carrying values at December 31, 2022 and 2021. A deterioration in any of the assumptions could result in an impairment charge in the future. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Accrued liabilities Total Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Payroll and benefits Payroll taxes Health insurance liabilities Workers compensation liabilities Total Accrued payroll costs 
 Our accounts payable balance includes vendor and third party payables. Our accrued liabilities balance includes the current portion of our deferred compensation plans liability, contract liabilities from contracts with customers (such as customer rebates) and other accrued liabilities. Our accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2021, included million of aggregate benefit obligation owed to participants under the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP ). The SERP was terminated on April 30, 2021, and the Company paid the SERP benefits obligation in full during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our payroll taxes as of December 31, 2021, included approximately million in deferred payroll taxes as a result of the application of the CARES Act, and were paid in full during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total Other long-term liabilities 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term years years 
 The following table presents operating lease expense included in SG A (in thousands): DECEMBER 31, Lease Cost 2022 2021 Operating lease expense Variable lease costs Short-term lease expense Sublease income ) ) Total operating lease expense 
 39 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total maturities of operating lease liabilities Less: imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 
 million over the entire lease term, which includes annual escalation adjustments, and has a non-cancellable lease term of months, excluding renewal options. As part of the executed lease, we received a leasehold improvement allowance of million for the design, engineering, installation, supply and construction of the improvements. Lease payments begin on July 1, 2023, however, the lease accounting commencement date began in the fourth quarter of 2022 when we occupied the facility. 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Kforce s employee stock purchase plan allows all eligible employees to enroll each quarter to purchase Kforce s common stock at a discount from its market price on the last day of the quarter. Kforce issued thousand, thousand, and thousand shares of common stock at an average purchase price of , and per share during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. All shares purchased under the employee stock purchase plan were settled using Kforce s treasury stock. 
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 The Firm maintains various non-qualified deferred compensation plans, pursuant to which eligible management and highly compensated key employees, as defined by IRS regulations, may elect to defer all or part of their compensation to later years. These amounts are classified in Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities if payable within the next year or in Other long-term liabilities if payable after the next year, upon retirement or termination of employment, in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts related to the deferred compensation plans included in Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities were million and million, respectively, and million and million was included in Other long-term liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized compensation expense for the plans of million, million and million, respectively. 
 Kforce maintains a Rabbi Trust and holds life insurance policies on certain individuals to assist in the funding of the deferred compensation liability. If necessary, employee distributions are funded through proceeds from the sale of assets held within the Rabbi Trust. The balance of the assets held within the Rabbi Trust, including the cash surrender value of the Company-owned life insurance policies, was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is recorded in Other assets, net in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the life insurance policies had a net death benefit of million. 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
 Prior to April 30, 2021, Kforce maintained the SERP, which benefited executives. The SERP was a non-qualified benefit plan and did not include elective deferrals of covered executive officers compensation. The related net periodic benefit costs were comprised of service cost and interest cost. The service cost amounted to thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were recorded in SG A. The interest cost amounted to thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and were recorded in Other expense , net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Effective April 30, 2021, Kforce s Board of Directors irrevocably terminated the SERP. As a result of the termination of the SERP, Kforce recognized a net loss of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was recorded in Other expense , net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

participants at December 31, 2021 was approximately million in the aggregate, which represented the fair value at the date of termination, and was recorded in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid the SERP benefit obligation in full. 
 
 million, which may, subject to certain conditions and the participation of the lenders, be increased up to an aggregate additional amount of million (the Commitment ). The maturity date of the Amended and Restated Credit Facility is October 20, 2026. 
 Revolving credit loans under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility bears interest at a rate equal to (a) the Base Rate (as described below) plus the Applicable Margin (as described below) or (b) the LIBOR Rate plus the Applicable Margin. Swingline loans under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility bears interest at a rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. The Base Rate is the highest of: (i) the Wells Fargo Bank, National Association prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus or (iii) one-month LIBOR plus , and the LIBOR Rate is reserve-adjusted LIBOR for the applicable interest period, but not less than . The Applicable Margin is based on the Firm s total leverage ratio. The Applicable Margin for Base Rate loans ranges from to and the Applicable Margin for LIBOR Rate loans ranges from to . The Amended and Restated Credit Facility includes customary provisions relating to the transition from LIBOR as the benchmark interest rate under the Credit Agreement, including providing for a Benchmark Replacement option (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to replace LIBOR. The Firm will pay a quarterly non-refundable commitment fee equal to the Applicable Margin on the average daily unused portion of the Commitment (swingline loans do not constitute usage for this purpose). The Applicable Margin for the commitment fee is based on the Firm s total leverage ratio and ranges between and . 
 The Firm is subject to certain affirmative and negative financial covenants including (but not limited to) the maintenance of a fixed charge coverage ratio of no less than to 1.00 and the maintenance of a total leverage ratio of no greater than to 1.00. The numerator in the fixed charge coverage ratio is defined pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit Facility as earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense and other permitted items pursuant to our Credit Facility (defined as Consolidated EBITDA ), less cash paid for capital expenditures, income taxes and dividends. The denominator is defined as Kforce s fixed charges such as interest expense and principal payments paid or payable on outstanding debt other than borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Facility. The total leverage ratio is defined pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit Facility as total indebtedness divided by Consolidated EBITDA. Our ability to make distributions or repurchases of equity securities could be limited if an event of default has occurred. Furthermore, our ability to repurchase equity securities in excess of million over the last four quarters could be limited if (a) the total leverage ratio is greater than to 1.00 and (b) the Firm s availability, inclusive of unrestricted cash, is less than million. As of December 31, 2022, we are in compliance with all of our financial covenants contained in the Amended and Restated Credit Facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and million was outstanding on the Amended and Restated Credit Facility, respectively. Kforce had million of outstanding letters of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit Facility, reduces the availability. 
 
 million; and Fixed interest rate - . 
 On March 12, 2020, Kforce entered into a forward-starting interest rate swap agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A Swap B , together with Swap A, the "Swaps"). Swap B was effective on March 17, 2020. Other information related to Swap B is as follows: Scheduled maturity date - May 30, 2025; Fixed interest rate - ; and Notional amount - million. 
 The Firm used the Swaps as an interest rate risk management tool to mitigate the potential impact of rising interest rates on variable rate debt. The fixed interest rate for each Swap plus the applicable interest margin under our credit facility, was included in interest expense and recorded in Other expense, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 In May 2022, the Firm terminated Swap B in anticipation of paying the outstanding amount on the Amended and Restated Credit Facility, which was million. At the termination of Swap B, the amount recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income was recognized. We received proceeds of million, which represented the gain and fair value of Swap B at the time of termination, and is included in Other expense, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income. 
 Both Swaps A and B were designated as cash flow hedges. The change in the fair value of the Swaps was previously recorded as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

) Net change associated with current period hedging transactions ) Accumulated derivative instrument gain, end of year 
 
 thousand and was classified as a Level 2 instrument. At December 31, 2022, Kforce had no interest rate swap derivative instruments outstanding. 
 Nonrecurring Fair Values - Equity Method Investment 
 We review the equity method investment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the investment may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized in the event that an other-than-temporary decline in the fair value of the investment occurs. 
 Events such as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (in 2020), a strategic repositioning of the joint venture to focus on providing its clients with an ability to directly source and engage talent on its platform (in 2021) and delays in WorkLLama s ability to achieve its financial projections, despite continued demand for its technology platform, have resulted in the indicators of other than temporary impairments. When these events have occurred, we performed an impairment test utilizing the market and income approaches. For the income approach, we utilized estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by WorkLLama. For the market approach, we utilized market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies. These types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make significant assumptions and judgments, including: (1) an appropriate rate to discount the expected future cash flows; (2) the inherent risk in achieving forecasted operating results; (3) long-term growth rates; (4) expectations for future economic cycles; (5) market comparable companies and appropriate adjustments thereto; and (6) market multiples. The fair value determination in our impairment tests is considered Level 3, due to the high sensitivity to changes in key assumptions, including, but not limited to, the discount rate that is applied to the financial projections. The fair value of the equity investment, determined by our previous impairment analysis, concluded that the fair value exceeded the carrying value. 
 During 2022, with the assistance of an independent financial advisor, WorkLLama and Kforce were pursuing the identification of a strategic partner to support WorkLLama s future growth expectations and further invest in their technology platform. In the fourth quarter of 2022, Kforce made a strategic decision to focus on investing in the growth of its business and to pursue an exit of its equity stake in WorkLLama, which was an indicator of other than temporary impairment. In December 2022, WorkLLama executed a LOI with an independent third party whereby they would acquire WorkLLama and settle the outstanding debt, or a portion thereof, owed by WorkLLama to Kforce. This transaction closed on February 23, 2023. As a result of this transaction, Kforce no longer has any equity interest in WorkLLama. Management used this, combined with other facts and circumstances, to determine the fair value of the equity method investment and recognized an impairment loss of the full balance of the equity method investment as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of the equity method investment was measured using the best information available, including the economics of the transaction and management s judgment, which are considered Level 3 inputs. The valuation technique utilized at December 31, 2022 changed based on the circumstances discussed above. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not record any impairments related to the equity method investment. Refer to Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for more details. 

million shares. The 2021 Plan terminates on April 22, 2031. Prior to the effective date of the 2021 Plan, the Company granted stock awards to eligible participants under our 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, 2016 Stock Incentive Plan and 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (collectively the Prior Plans ). As of the effective date of the 2021 Plan, no additional awards may be granted pursuant to the Prior Plans; however, awards outstanding as of the effective date will continue to vest in accordance with the terms of the Prior Plans. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, stock-based compensation expense was million, million and million, respectively. The related tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

. 
 RSAs contain the same voting rights as other common stock as well as the right to forfeitable dividends in the form of additional RSAs at the same rate as the cash dividend on common stock and containing the same vesting provisions as the underlying award. RSUs contain no voting rights, but have the right to forfeitable dividend equivalents in the form of additional RSUs at the same rate as the cash dividend on common stock and containing the same vesting provisions as the underlying award. The distribution of shares of common stock for each RSU, pursuant to the terms of the Kforce Inc. Director s Restricted Stock Unit Deferral Plan, can be deferred to a date later than the vesting date if an appropriate election was made. In the event of such deferral, vested RSUs have the right to dividend equivalents. 
 Granted Forfeited/Canceled ) Vested ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock granted was , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total intrinsic value of restricted stock vested was million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million, which will be recognized over a weighted-average remaining period of years . 
 
 million and are expected to be paid as follows: million in 2023; million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and million in 2027. 
 Letters of Credit 
 Kforce provides letters of credit to certain vendors in lieu of cash deposits. At December 31, 2022, Kforce had letters of credit outstanding for operating lease and insurance coverage deposits totaling million. 
 Employment Agreements 
 Kforce has employment agreements with certain executives that provide for minimum compensation, salary and continuation of certain benefits for a to a period after their employment ends under certain circumstances. Certain of the agreements also provide for a severance payment ranging from one to three times annual salary and one-half to three times average annual bonus if such an agreement is terminated without good cause by Kforce or for good reason by the executive subject to certain post-employment restrictive covenants. At December 31, 2022, our liability would be approximately million if, following a change in control, all of the executives under contract were terminated without good cause by the employer or if the executives resigned for good reason and million if, in the absence of a change in control, all of the executives under contract were terminated by Kforce without good cause or if the executives resigned for good reason. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

44 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act (the Evaluation ), as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Disclosure Controls ). Based on the Evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that the design and operation of our Disclosure Controls were effective as of December 31, 2022 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is: (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and (2) accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 There has not been any change in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with the Evaluation that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, those controls. 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 CEO and CFO Certifications 
 Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 are the Certifications of the CEO and the CFO, respectively. The Certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications ). This Item of this report, which you are currently reading, is the information concerning the Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Kforce is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Kforce s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to Kforce s management and the Board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Under the supervision and with the participation of the CEO and the CFO, Kforce s management assessed the effectiveness of Kforce s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, Kforce s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 Kforce s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an audit report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is presented in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by Item 10 relating to our directors, executive officers and corporate governance is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 Our Commitment to Integrity applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, as well as consultants, agents and other representatives retained by Kforce and is publicly available on our website at www.kforce.com. Any amendments to, or waiver from, any provision of our Commitment to Integrity will be posted on our website at the above address. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by Item 11 relating to executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information required by Item 12 relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans and related stockholders matters is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by Item 13 relating to certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by Item 14 relating to principal accounting fees and services is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022. 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 a. The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 1. Financial Statements. The list of consolidated financial statements, and related notes thereto, along with the independent auditors report are set forth in Part IV of this report in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule presented below. 
 2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule. The consolidated financial statement schedule of Kforce is included in Part IV of this report on the page indicated by the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule presented below. This financial statement schedule should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto of Kforce. 
 Schedules not listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits. See Item 15(b) below. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

a. Exhibits. The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference into this Item 15(b) and are a part of this report. 
 KFORCE INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 24 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income Years Ended December 31, 20 2 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 2 0 
 26 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 27 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 28 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 20 2 2 , 20 2 1 and 20 2 0 
 29 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 31 
 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves 
 47 

) 2021 ) 2022 ) ) Deferred tax assets valuation allowance 2020 ) 2021 2022 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 Not applicable. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-91738) filed with the SEC on April 28, 1995. 3.1a 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-111566) filed with the SEC on February 9, 2004, as amended. 3.1b 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-111566) filed with the SEC on February 9, 2004, as amended. 3.1c 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (File No. 333-111566) filed with the SEC on February 9, 2004, as amended. 3.1d 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on May 17, 2000. 3.1e 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on March 29, 2002. 3.2 
 Amended Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on April 29, 2013. 4.1 
 Form of Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-158086) filed with the SEC on March 18, 2009. 4.2 
 Description of the Company's Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on February 21,2020. 10.1 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2006, between the Registrant and Joseph J. Liberatore, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on January 8, 2007. 10.2 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 24, 2008, between Kforce Inc. and Joseph J. Liberatore, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on December 29, 2008. 10.3 
 Kforce Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-188631) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2013. 10.4 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on October 30, 2013. 10.5 
 Kforce Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-211008) filed with the SEC on April 29, 2016. 10.6 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on February 23, 2018. 10.7 
 Kforce Inc. 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2017. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on February 23, 2018. 
 10.9 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2013, between Kforce Inc. and David M. Kelly, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2013. 10.10 
 Amended and Restated Kforce Inc. Directors Restricted Stock Unit Deferral Plan, dated November 15, 2017, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on February 23, 2018. 10.11 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2013, between Kforce Inc. and Kye L. Mitchell, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on November 2, 2016. 
 10.12 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2013, between Kforce Inc. and Andrew G. Thomas, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on February 22, 2019. 10.13 
 Kforce Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-231073) filed with the SEC on April 26, 2019. 10.14 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on May 2, 2019. 10.15 
 Kforce Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-237957) filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020. 10.16 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on May 7, 2020. 10.17 
 Kforce Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-255480) filed with the SEC on April 23, 2021. 10.18 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on May 5, 2021. 10.19 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, between Kforce Inc. and its subsidiaries and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the other lenders thereto, incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with the SEC on October 22, 2021. 10.20 
 Part-Time Employment Agreement, dated December 22, 2021, between Kforce Inc. and David L. Dunkel, incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-26058) filed with SEC on December 23, 2021. 10.21 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 22, 2023, between Kforce Inc. and Jeffrey B. Hackman, filed electronically herewith. 21 
 List of Subsidiaries. 23 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 31.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of Kforce Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of Kforce Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer of Kforce Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer of Kforce Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 2350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.1 The following financial statements from the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income; (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and in detail. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. KFORCE INC. Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ JOSEPH J. LIBERATORE Joseph J. Liberatore President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ JOSEPH J. LIBERATORE Joseph J. Liberatore President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ DAVID M. KELLY David M. Kelly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ JEFFREY B. HACKMAN Jeffrey B. Hackman Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounting (Principal Accounting Officer) Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ DAVID L. DUNKEL David L. Dunkel Chairman of the Board, Director Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ DERRICK D. BROOKS Derrick D. Brooks Director Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ CATHERINE H. CLOUDMAN Catherine H. Cloudman Director Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ ANN E. DUNWOODY Ann E. Dunwoody Director Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ MARK F. FURLONG Mark F. Furlong Director 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ RANDALL A. MEHL Randall A. Mehl Director Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ ELAINE D. ROSEN Elaine D. Rosen Director Date: February 24, 2023 By: /s/ N. JOHN SIMMONS N. John Simmons Director 

52 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 exhibit1021jeffreyhackmane.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 

Exhibit 10.21 

February 22, 2023 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL AND PERSONAL 
 
 Jeffrey Hackman 
 Kforce Inc. 
 1150 Assembly Drive 
 Suite 500 
 Tampa, FL 33607 
 
 Re Executive Employment Agreement 
 
 Dear Jeff 
 
 We are grateful for the leadership and commitment you have demonstrated to our Firm. In recognition of your continuing contributions to our Firm, and to help retain your services going forward, Kforce Inc. (Kforce) would like to offer you continued employment on the terms and conditions outlined below (Agreement) 
 
 1. Employment . Kforce agrees to employ you, and you agree to be employed, as its Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounting and Principal Accounting Officer. In this role, you agree to honor Kforce s policies and procedures (including, without limitation, any Kforce clawback policy that may be in effect from time to time), and you also agree to serve in other senior executive capacities for Kforce s subsidiaries and affiliates as requested. This position requires your full-time and exclusive business attention, although you may participate in outside civic, charitable, and academic organizations or interests provided that such activities do not materially interfere with your Kforce duties and responsibilities. 
 
 2. Compensation . Your annual base salary will be 400,000 and may be adjusted from time to time. You will also be entitled to participate in the management bonus and long-term incentive compensation plans applicable to similarly situated senior Kforce executives. Please note that no bonus is earned if you are not actively employed at the time of bonus payout. Also, for individuals hired after the start of the year, bonuses are typically prorated for the first year based on salary earned during the bonus performance period. 
 
 3. Additional Benefits . You will also be entitled to all rights and benefits under any deferred compensation, health, insurance, and leave plan or policy that Kforce may provide to similarly situated executives, subject to the terms and conditions of those plans and policies. 

4. Change in Control . If a Change in Control occurs at any time during your employment, you will be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits outlined in this Section 4 
 
 a. For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control means 
 
 i. the acquisition by any person or entity, including a group as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (a Person of beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting 
 1 

securities of Kforce Inc. that may be cast for the election of directors (the Outstanding Kforce Voting Securities provided, however, that for purposes of this clause (i), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control (v) any acquisition directly from Kforce Inc. or one of its affiliates, (w) any acquisition by Kforce Inc. or one of its affiliates, (x) any acquisition by any executive benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by Kforce Inc. or one of its affiliates, (y) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction that complies with clauses (A), (B) and (C) of clause (iii) of this section, or (z) any acquisition by David L. Dunkel or his family members or 
 ii. individuals who, as of the date of this Agreement, constitute the Board of Directors of Kforce Inc. (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors of Kforce Inc. (the Board provided , however , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date of this Agreement whose election or nomination for election by the Kforce's shareholders was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board or 
 iii. consummation of a reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Kforce Inc. and its affiliates, taken together (a Business Combination ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (A) all or substantially all of the Persons who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Kforce Common Stock and Outstanding Kforce Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of, respectively, the then-outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns Kforce Inc. or all or substantially all of Kforce Inc. s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Kforce Common Stock and Outstanding Kforce Voting Securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any executive benefit plan (or related trust) of the Kforce or such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, twenty-five percent or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination or 
 iv. approval by Kforce Inc. s shareholders of a complete liquidation or dissolution of Kforce Inc. 
 
 2 

b. Upon a Change in Control 
 
 i. the acquiring or surviving entity shall not be entitled to reduce, terminate or adversely affect any compensation or benefits described in this Agreement, even in connection with a reduction in such benefits applicable to all similarly situated executives. If the continuation of any benefit provided to you would violate any law or statute, the acquiring or surviving entity shall pay to you the cash equivalent of any benefit you have lost and 
 ii. all stock options, restricted stock awards, equity-based incentive plans, deferred compensation, and similar grants previously or immediately thereafter made that are unvested shall immediately fully vest effective as of the date of the Change in Control. 
 
 c. If a Change of Control occurs and your employment is terminated at any time prior to the first anniversary of the Change in Control date other than for Cause, by your death or disability, or by you for any reason other than Good Reason, you shall be entitled to receive 
 i. all payments and benefits provided in Section 4(b) above 
 ii. salary through your termination date, plus any unpaid benefits and awards (including both cash and stock components) that pursuant to the terms of any plans have been earned and are otherwise payable 
 iii. as severance pay, one and one half (1.5) times one year s base salary at the highest rate in effect prior to or after the Change in Control, payable in a lump sum (less applicable taxes and deductions) within thirty (30) days of your date of termination 
 iv. continuation of all benefits enjoyed by you on the date of your termination for a period of one year after the date of your termination 
 v. one and one half (1.5) times the average of the amount of your last two years bonuses, paid in a lump sum (less applicable taxes and withholdings) within thirty (30) days of your date of termination, computed as follows the acquiring or surviving entity shall compute the average of your last two years bonuses by including the greater of (A) the bonus, if any, that you already earned at the time of termination related to the calendar year of the termination, or (B) the bonus, if any, that you earned for the second full calendar year preceding your termination provided, however, for the avoidance of doubt, no long-term incentive payment is included in the bonus calculation, although you will be entitled to any stock that has already vested at the time of your effective date of termination pursuant to Section 4(b)(ii) above, subject to the terms of the stock grant. If a Change in Control event occurs before you have been employed two years, the calculation shall be based on the higher of (X) the projected bonus compensation for the full current calendar year as performed immediately prior to the Change in Control, or (Y) your projected bonus compensation for the full calendar year preceding the Change in Control. 
 
 vi. up to 12 months of outplacement services, the scope and provider of which shall be selected by you in your sole discretion, provided the overall cost of such benefits does not exceed 10,000. 
 
 As a condition to your receipt of items (iii), (iv), (v), and (vi), you must first execute and not revoke a standard release agreement acceptable to Kforce or its acquiring or 
 3 

succeeding entity. 
 d. For purposes of this Change of Control and certain other sections of your Agreement, Cause shall mean any of the following 
 
 i. you are convicted by a court of competent jurisdiction or enter a guilty plea or a plea of nolo contendere for any felony or 
 ii. you breach any provision of this Agreement and your breach results in material injury to Kforce or its acquiring or surviving entity or 
 
 iii. you engage in misconduct, a policy violation, dishonesty or fraud concerning Kforce or its acquiring or surviving entity s business or affairs and your misconduct, policy violation, dishonesty or fraud results in material injury to Kforce or its acquiring or surviving entity. 
 
 e. Your employment shall not be subject to termination for Cause without (i) reasonable notice to you setting forth the reasons for the intention to terminate in detail, and (ii) an opportunity for you to cure any such breach, if possible, within thirty days after receiving such notice. 
 
 f. You may terminate your employment under this Agreement and all of your obligations under this Agreement accruing after the date of such termination (other than your obligations under Sections 7, 8, and 9) if the termination is for Good Reason. For purposes of this Change in Control Section, Good Reason means 
 
 i. failure by our acquirer or surviving entity to perform any of its obligations in this Agreement other than an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith 
 ii. the diminution of your salary or a material diminution of your duties or benefits, except in connection with the termination of your employment for Cause or as a result of your death, disability, or termination by you other than for Good Reason 
 iii. any failure by Kforce or its affiliates to obtain the assumption of this Agreement by any Kforce successor 
 
 iv. relocation of your position or home office to a location greater than 30 miles from your office prior to the Change of Control or 
 
 v. any attempt to terminate you for Cause that does not result in a valid termination for Cause. 
 
 g. Your termination of employment will not constitute a termination for Good Reason unless you first provide written notice to Kforce or its acquiring or surviving entity of the existence of the Good Reason within 90 days following the Good Reason occurrence, and the Good Reason remains uncorrected for more than thirty days following such written notice, and the effective date of your termination is within one year following the Good Reason occurrence 
 
 5. Section 409A . With respect to the payments provided by this Agreement in Section 4 upon termination of your employment (the Cash Severance Amount ), in the event the aggregate portion of the Cash Severance Amount payable during the first six months following the date of your termination would exceed an amount (the Minimum Amount equal to two times the lesser of (i) your annualized compensation as in effect for the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year during which your termination occurs, or (ii) the maximum 
 4 

amount that may be taken into account under a qualified retirement plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for the calendar year during which your termination occurs, then, to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of additional income taxes or penalties or interest on you under Section 409A of the Code, (x) Kforce or its acquiring or surviving entity shall pay during the first six months following your termination, at the time(s) and in the form(s) provided by the applicable sections of this Agreement, a portion of the Cash Severance Amount equal to the Minimum Amount, and (y) Kforce or its acquiring or surviving entity shall accumulate the portion of the Cash Severance Amount that exceeds the Minimum Amount and that you would otherwise be entitled to receive during the first six months following your date of termination and shall pay such accumulated amount to you in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh month following your termination date, and (z) Kforce or its acquiring or surviving entity shall pay the remainder of the Cash Severance Amount, if any, on and after the first day of the seventh month following your date of termination at the time(s) and in the form(s) provided by the applicable section(s) of this Agreement. 
 
 6. Termination . Your employment will end at the earlier of 
 
 a. your death. 
 
 b. your resignation, in which case you will be paid your Base Salary through the effective date of your resignation plus bonus compensation only to the extent you (i) have completed the relevant full bonus period or performance measurement cycle specified in the relevant bonus plan, and (ii) were actively employed on the date the bonus is paid to similarly situated executives, plus any stock that has already vested at the time of your resignation, subject to the terms of the stock grant. All benefits end on your last day of employment. You agree to provide 30 days advance written notice to Kforce of your intent to resign, and you agree that if you provide a longer period of notice, Kforce has the right to shorten the time period of your continued employment to 30 days following first notification of your intent to resign. 
 c. termination by Kforce for Cause as defined in section 4(d) (with or without a Change in Control), in which case you will be paid your Base Salary through the effective date of your termination as determined by Kforce plus bonus compensation only to the extent you (i) have completed the relevant full bonus period or performance measurement cycle specified in the relevant bonus plan, and (ii) were actively employed on the date the bonus is paid to similarly situated executives, plus any stock that has already vested at the time of your resignation, subject to the terms of the stock grant. All benefits end on your last day of employment. 
 d. termination due to any disability that prevents you, after accounting for all reasonable accommodations, from performing the essential functions of your position. For termination due to disability, you will be paid your Base Salary through the effective date of your termination plus bonus compensation only to the extent you (i) have completed the relevant full bonus period or performance measurement cycle specified in the relevant bonus plan, and (ii) were actively employed on the date the bonus is paid to similarly situated executives, plus any stock that has already vested at the time of your resignation, subject to the terms of the stock grant. Except for certain disability-related benefits that may continue depending on the applicability of Kforce benefit plans, all other benefits end on your last day of employment. 
 
 e. termination by Kforce without Cause (as defined in section 4(d)). If your employment is terminated without Cause in connection with a Change of Control as described in Section 4, you will be entitled to the severance and benefits outlined in that Section and no additional pay or benefits are applicable under this paragraph. 
 5 

If your employment is terminated without Cause separate from a Change of Control as described in Section 4, your termination will be effective at the date set by Kforce and you will not be eligible for benefits following your termination, but you will be entitled to receive (i) your Base Salary through the effective date of your termination as determined by Kforce plus (ii) one times your Base Salary then in effect and (iii) one times the average of your last two years bonuses by including the greater of (A) the bonus, if any, that you already earned at the time of termination related to the calendar year of the termination, or (B) the bonus, if any, that you earned for the second full calendar year preceding your termination. Such payments shall be made in a lump sum within 30 days following your effective date of termination. For the avoidance of doubt, no long-term incentive payment is included in the bonus calculation for a termination without Cause, although you will be entitled to any stock that has already vested at the time of your effective date of termination, subject to the terms of the stock grant. 
 All severance pay and benefits provided in this section are contingent on you first executing and not revoking a standard release agreement acceptable to Kforce. Such severance will be forfeited and must be paid back to the extent already paid if you violate Section 7, 8 or 9 of this Agreement. 

7. Confidentiality . You acknowledge that as a result of your employment, you will have access to and receive Kforce trade secrets, valuable confidential business and professional information, substantial relationships with specific prospective or existing clients, contractors, or customers, and goodwill associated with our ongoing business, all of which are of particular significance to Kforce and constitute legitimate business interests that Kforce has an interest in protecting. Therefore, you agree that, except for proper Kforce business purposes, at all times during your employment and ending on the second anniversary of your date of employment termination (the Restriction Period ), you will not disclose or use any confidential information, including without limitation, information regarding research, strategy, developments, product designs or specifications, processes, know-how, prices, suppliers, customers, contractors, candidates, clients, costs or any other knowledge or information concerning confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information belonging to Kforce or any of its affiliates. You acknowledge and agree that all notes, lists, data, records, business forms, studies, marketing materials, training materials, reports, sketches, plans, unpublished memoranda and other documents (whether electronic or hardcopy) concerning any information relating to the business of Kforce or its affiliates, held or created by you, whether confidential or not, are the property of Kforce and will not be used or retained by you except on Kforce s behalf in the course of your employment, and will not be retained by you upon termination of your employment. 
 
 8. Non-Solicitation . At all times during the Restriction Period, you agree you will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, induce, influence, combine or conspire with, or attempt to solicit or induce, any employee, vendor, client, contractor, or supplier of Kforce or any of its affiliates to terminate or adversely alter his, her, its, or their employment, business, or other relationship with Kforce or any of its affiliates. Without limiting this obligation, you further agree, during the Restriction Period, to refrain from directly or indirectly soliciting business from any client of Kforce or any of its affiliates with whom you had contact during the term of your Kforce employment. If you breach any term contained in this section or section 7, you immediately waive any right or entitlement to any payment described in this Agreement, and you will pay to Kforce an amount equal to any portion of any post-employment payments paid to you under this Agreement prior to Kforce learning of your breach, in addition to any damages Kforce may be able to recover. By signing below, you specifically acknowledge that the restrictions on your activity set forth in this section and section 7 are required for Kforce s reasonable protection and are a material inducement for Kforce to retain or continue to retain your services. You also agree that in the event of the violation by you of either of these sections of this Agreement, Kforce will suffer irreparable harm and will be entitled to 
 6 

equitable relief, including an order requiring specific performance of the terms of these sections, in addition to any damages that may be recoverable. 
 
 9. Property . 
 a. During the term of this Agreement, you agree not to remove from our offices or premises any documents, records, notebooks, files, correspondence, reports, memoranda or similar materials of or containing proprietary information or other materials or property of any kind belonging to Kforce unless necessary or appropriate in accordance with the duties and responsibilities required by or appropriate for your position. To the extent that these materials or property are removed, you agree to return them to their proper files or places of safekeeping as promptly as possible after the removal serves its specific purpose. You agree not to make, retain, remove or distribute any copies of any such materials or property for any reason whatsoever except as may be necessary in performing your duties, and you agree not to divulge to any third person the nature or contents of any of these materials or property or of any other oral or written information to which you may have access or with which for any reason you may become familiar, except as disclosure is necessary in performing your duties. Upon the terminating employment for any reason, you agree to leave with or return to us all originals and copies of any such material or property in your possession, whether prepared by you or by others. 
 b. You agree that all right, title and interest in and to any innovations, designs, systems, analyses, ideas for marketing programs, and all copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade names, or similar intangible personal property that have been or are developed or created in whole or in part by you during your employment (collectively, Intellectual Property ), shall be and remain forever Kforce s sole and exclusive property. 
 c. You acknowledge that all Intellectual Property that is copyrightable shall be considered a work made for hire under United States copyright law. To the extent that any copyrightable Intellectual Property may not be considered a work made for hire under the applicable provisions of the United States copyright law, or to the extent that, notwithstanding this Agreement, you may retain an interest in any Intellectual Property that is not copyrightable, you agree to irrevocably assign and transfer to Kforce any and all right, title, or interest that you may have in the Intellectual Property under any law, in perpetuity or for the longest period otherwise permitted by law, without the necessity of further consideration. 
 d. You further agree to reveal promptly all information relating to Intellectual Property to appropriate Kforce officers and to cooperate with Kforce and its affiliates and execute such documents as may be necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of this section. 
 e. If Kforce is unable after reasonable effort to secure your signature on any of the documents referenced in Section 9(d) above, whether because of your physical or mental incapacity or for any other reason, you hereby irrevocably designate and appoint Kforce and its duly authorized officers and agents as your agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and on your behalf to execute and file any such documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of any such copyright, patent or trademark protection, or other analogous protection, with the same legal force and effect as if executed by you. 
 
 10. Successors . Kforce will require any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of its business or assets to (i) expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and the same extent it 
 7 

would be required to perform it as if no such succession had taken place and (ii) notify you of the assumption of this Agreement within ten days of such assumption. Failure to obtain such assumption and agreement prior to the effectiveness of any such succession shall be a breach of this agreement. As used in this Agreement, Kforce shall mean Kforce Inc. and any successor to its business or assets that assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by your personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, and distributees, devisees and legatees. 
 
 11. Prior Employment Agreements . You represent that you have not executed any agreement with any previous employer that may impose restrictions limiting your ability to fully and completely perform all duties associated with your Kforce position. You also agree that, in the course of performing your duties, you will not utilize or disclose any confidential or proprietary information belonging to any previous employer. 
 
 12. Transferability . Kforce s rights and obligations under this Agreement are transferable and all covenants and agreements shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by or against its successors and assigns. Your rights and obligations in this Agreement are not transferable or assignable to any third party. 
 
 13. Attorneys Fees . The prevailing party in any action brought to enforce the provisions of this Agreement shall be entitled, in addition to such other relief that may be granted, to a reasonable sum for attorneys fees and costs incurred by such party in enforcing this Agreement (including fees incurred on any appeal). 
 
 14. Modifications and Waivers . No modifications or waivers of any provision of this Agreement will be binding or valid unless in writing and executed by both parties. Either party's failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision, or prevent that party from enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. The rights granted the parties in this Agreement are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either party's right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances. 
 
 15. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of this Agreement shall not affect any other provision, and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were omitted, and such provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. 
 
 16. Governing Law and Binding Effect . This Agreement was entered into in the State of Florida and shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of Florida. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 17. Notice . Any notice required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be sufficient if it is in writing and sent by hand delivery or by Federal Express or UPS service to the parties at the following addresses 
 
 To the Employer Kforce Inc. 
 8405 Benjamin Road, Suite G 
 Tampa, Florida 33634 
 Attn General Counsel 
 
 To You The last address on file in Kforce s principal human resources system of record. 
 
 18. Arbitration . Any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by binding arbitration in Tampa, Florida in accordance with the 
 8 

employment arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered in the arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction. Such arbitration shall occur only after the parties have attempted to resolve the dispute or controversy by mediation under mutually agreeable terms. 
 
 19. Voluntary Agreement . Both parties have had adequate time to review this Agreement and consult an attorney of their choice prior to signing this Agreement. Their execution of this agreement is voluntary and neither party has relied on any other representations or promises in entering into this Agreement other than what is reflected in this Agreement. 
 
 20. Surviving Terms . Notwithstanding termination of this Agreement and payment of all required sums under this Agreement, sections 7, 8, and 9 shall continue in effect as provided by the terms of those sections. 
 
 21. Tax Withholdings and Employee-Authorized Deductions . Kforce may withhold such federal, state, and local taxes from any amounts payable to you under this Agreement as may be required to be withheld under applicable law or as otherwise permitted under the terms of any applicable Kforce compensation plan. Kforce may also withhold employee-authorized deductions. 
 
 22. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with any other confidentiality, nonsolicitation, and noncompetition agreements between you and Kforce or any of its affiliates, comprises the entire agreement between you and Kforce concerning the subject matters covered by these agreements. This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect to its subject matter and may not be modified or terminated orally. 
 Jeff, we appreciate your service as part of our senior leadership team. Please acknowledge your agreement to the terms above by signing and returning an original of this Agreement to me at your earliest convenience. 
 AGREED and ACKNOWLEDGED 
 
 KFORCE INC. 

By s Jeffrey Hackman 
 
 Jeffrey Hackman 
 
 By s David M. Kelly 
 David M. Kelly 
 Chief Financial and Administrative Officer 

9 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-21>
 3
 exhibit21_2022kforcesubsid.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 KFORCE INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES (DIRECT OR INDIRECT) 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Formation Romac International, Inc. Florida Kforce Flexible Solutions, LLC Florida Kforce Staffing Solutions of California, LLC Florida Kforce Global Solutions, LLC Pennsylvania Kforce Services Corp. Florida 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 exhibit23_2022consentofind.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-237957, 333-188631, 333-94563, 333-142620, 333-166545, 333-168526, 333-168529, 333-211008, 333-217541, 333-231073, 333-144470 and 333-255480 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Kforce Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of Kforce Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kforce Inc. and subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP Tampa, Florida February 24, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Joseph J. Liberatore, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kforce Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s JOSEPH J. LIBERATORE Joseph J. Liberatore, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312q42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, David M. Kelly, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kforce Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s DAVID M. KELLY David M. Kelly, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321q42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Kforce Inc. Kforce on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, Joseph J. Liberatore, Chief Executive Officer of Kforce, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kforce. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s JOSEPH J. LIBERATORE Joseph J. Liberatore Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322q42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Kforce Inc. Kforce on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-K ), I, David M. Kelly, Chief Financial Officer of Kforce, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Kforce. 
 Date February 24, 2023 s DAVID M. KELLY David M. Kelly, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 kfrc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 kfrc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 kfrc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 kfrc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 kfrc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

