<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1371128_0001493152-23-007239.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4301584</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112458</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>907819</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1304574</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>863452</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1011802</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007239.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310160600
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007239
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NewHydrogen, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001371128
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	UNSUPPORTED PLASTICS FILM & SHEET [3081]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54819
		FILM NUMBER:		23723627

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27936 Lost Canyon Road
		STREET 2:		Suite 202
		CITY:			Santa Clarita
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91387
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6612510001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27936 Lost Canyon Road
		STREET 2:		Suite 202
		CITY:			Santa Clarita
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91387

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BioSolar Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007239.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , _________________________________________ 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO __________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None. 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

 Common
Stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, small
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock of the issuer held by non-affiliates, computed by reference to the price
at which the common stock was sold on June 30, 2022, was approximately . 

The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding, as of March 1, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 11 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 11 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 11 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s, Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 13 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis or Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 13 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 15 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 15 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 15 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 16 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 16 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 19 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 20 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 21 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 21 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 
 22 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 23 

SIGNATURES 
 24 

i 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

Overview 

We
are a developer of clean energy technologies. Our current focus is on developing an electrolyzer technology to lower the cost of Green
Hydrogen production. 

Hydrogen
is the cleanest and most abundant fuel in the universe. It is zero-emission and only produces water vapor when used. However, hydrogen
does not exist in its pure form on Earth so it must be extracted. For more than 200 years, scientists have known how to use electricity
to split water into hydrogen and oxygen using a device called an electrolyzer. Electrolyzers installed behind a solar farm or wind farm
can use renewable electricity to split water, thereby producing Green Hydrogen. However, modern electrolyzers still cost too much. The
chemical catalysts that enable the water-splitting reactions are currently made from platinum and iridium - both are very expensive precious
metals. These catalysts account for nearly 50 of the cost of the electrolyzer. 

We
are developing technologies to significantly reduce or replace rare materials with inexpensive earth abundant materials in electrolyzers
to help usher in a Green Hydrogen economy. In a 2022 report, Goldman Sachs estimates that Green Hydrogen will be a 11 trillion market
opportunity for the utilities industry along by 2050. 

1 

Industry
Overview 

Hydrogen
is the most abundant and prevalent clean energy in the universe. 

73 
 of the Sun is made up of hydrogen. 

On
 a weight basis, hydrogen (142 MJ/kg) contains 3X as much energy as gasoline (46 MJ/kg), and 200X as much energy as lithium-ion batteries
 (0.6 MJ/kg). 

It
 can be used in fuel cells to power electric vehicles or cities. 

It
 can be combusted in gas turbines or internal combustion engines for power generation. 

It
 is a zero-emission clean fuel and produces only water vapor when used. 

It
 is the main ingredient in fertilizers that feed our hungry world. 

Hydrogen
does not exist in its pure form, and must be extracted. According to a 2022 report from the U.S. Department of Energy, more than 95 
of hydrogen in the world are made by steam reforming of natural gas Grey Hydrogen or coal gasification Brown
Hydrogen ). Both sources of hydrogen are basically different forms of dirty, carbon heavy, and non-renewable fossil fuels. This
does nothing to help fight climate change or lead to renewable energy and a sustainable planet. 

According
to a 2023 research report from Vantage Market Research, green hydrogen has an annual market size of more than 374 million in 2021, and
is expected to hit 8.7 billion in 2028. Developing cost-competitive Green Hydrogen made from renewable resources such as solar, wind
and water can significantly expand the market for hydrogen. At this time, we believe electrolyzer technology represents the most certain
way forward. 

Solar
or Wind Energy + Water + Electrolyzers = Green Hydrogen 

Abundant
sources of Green Hydrogen can power a clean energy world of fast charging fuel cell electric vehicles, light up our homes, make our fertilizers
and ultimately replace many forms of fossil fuels. 

An
overwhelming amount of scientific evidence shows that carbon emissions from fossil fuels have contributed to increasing global climate
change. Policymakers around the world have accelerated programs to enable the development and adoption of renewable energy. The U.S has
been slow to adopt such programs but is quickly becoming a formidable force. According to the World Resources Institute, more than 14
U.S. states have legislative mandates requiring 100 renewable electricity, some as early as 2040. Both the U.K. and European Union are
targeting net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. 

With
this global backdrop and concerted actions toward climate policies and clean energy, we believe the Green Hydrogen revolution is ready
to take off. The Sun does not always shine, and the wind does not always blow. Therefore, green energy from solar and wind power is inherently
intermittent and unreliable as a primary source of power. However, by converting that green electricity into Green Hydrogen, it can be
used anywhere and anytime for electricity, chemicals, heating and all necessities of life. 

Because
of the versatility of hydrogen, we believe Green Hydrogen has the potential to fundamentally improve the world economy and usher in a
new era of economic prosperity, sustainability, and energy independence to those with access to solar, wind and water which describes
most of the entire world. 

Electrolyzer
Technology 

For
more than 200 years, scientists have known how to split water into hydrogen (H 2 and oxygen (O 2 ). By placing two
metal electrodes into a jar of salted water (electrolytic solution) and applying an electrical voltage between them, H 2 and
O 2 will bubble up at the separate electrodes. This process is called electrolysis and the device is called an electrolyzer.
If the source of electricity is renewable such as solar or wind, then the resulting hydrogen is a zero-greenhouse gas renewable resource
- Green Hydrogen. 

2 

There
are two primary types of commercial electrolyzers. The original alkaline electrolyzer and the modern proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolyzer.
However, neither technology can currently produce Green Hydrogen at scale that is cost competitive with Grey or Brown Hydrogen sourced
from fossil fuels. PEM electrolysis has the advantage of higher efficiency and quickly reacting to fluctuating input energy, which is
ideally matched to the fluctuating nature of solar and wind energy. Its smaller footprint also makes it ideal for distributed systems,
which is how most renewable energy systems are implemented. 

PEM
electrolyzers are expensive because they rely on rare materials such as platinum and iridium - which is akin to stardust found only in
asteroids - as chemical catalysts for the water-splitting reactions. According to National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), these
materials account for nearly 50 of the capital cost of PEM electrolyzers. Additionally, the cost of electricity contributes to over
50 of hydrogen production costs. 

Our
technology is aimed at lowering the cost of catalysts and key components in PEM electrolyzers by: 

Replacing
 rare materials with inexpensive earth abundant materials, 

significantly
 reducing the amount of rare materials used, and 

Reducing
 energy consumption. 

3 

Applications
of Green Hydrogen 

Unlike
lithium-ion where it is simply a battery technology, Green Hydrogen is an economy. There are many applications for Green Hydrogen, some
with larger markets than others. Here are just a few. 

(Source:
U.S. Department of Energy) 

Green
 Electric Grid - The electric grid is finicky, sometimes it needs a lot of electricity sometimes it does not. Unused electricity
 from solar and wind farms are wasted if it is not used immediately. The Sun does not always shine, and the wind does not always blow,
 and this makes solar and wind sourced electricity unreliable. One solution is to use an electrolyzer system to convert the excess
 solar/wind electricity into hydrogen and store it in inexpensive nearby underground caverns. When electricity demand spikes, the
 hydrogen can be converted back into electricity through a fuel cell. We believe, this is a very scalable solution as opposed to miles
 and miles of very expensive grid-scale battery systems. In fact, the Advanced Clean Energy Storage project in Utah aims to do just
 this by building the world s largest storage facility for 1,000 megawatts of clean power, partly by putting hydrogen into underground
 salt caverns. 

4 

Fuel
 Cell Electric Vehicles (FCEV) - Perhaps the most exciting application of hydrogen is the direct use in fuel cell electric vehicles.
 A hydrogen tank in a passenger car can be filled in under five minutes. The only tailpipe emission is water. According to a recent
 article by Hydrogen Fuel News, hydrogen car market is expected to take off by 2028. Until now, the zero-emission passenger vehicle
 market has been dominated by battery electric technology by a wide margin. The falling price of green hydrogen and energy security
 issues in terms of electricity in many areas of the world, however, are causing automakers, governments and consumers to look more
 favorably at hydrogen than had previously been the case. 

Battery
 Electric Vehicles (BEV) - We believe BEV and FCEV can coexist just like diesel and gasoline cars coexist today. BEVs running on
 electricity generated through the Green Electric Grid is a beneficiary and indirect user of hydrogen technology. The Green Electric
 Grid is the network of solar, wind and other alternative energy generation and distribution. 

Hydrogen
 Fueling Stations - We believe electrolyzers are well suited and scalable for distributed onsite Green Hydrogen generation in
 fueling station applications. With green electricity from a nearby solar array or renewable electric grid, Green Hydrogen can be
 produced anywhere and anytime. This distributed model of hydrogen production eliminates the need for expensive transportation from
 a centralized facility. 

Lower
 Carbon Gas Infrastructure - Green Hydrogen can serve as a steppingstone to a lower carbon footprint natural gas supply. Southern
 California Gas, and others, have demonstrated that the existing natural gas pipelines that supply gas to our cooking stoves and homes
 can safely contain 5-10 hydrogen without any modifications. This means that an electrolyzer system near a natural gas plant can
 inject Green Hydrogen directly into the existing gas infrastructure, lowering the carbon footprint of our meals and our warm homes. 

Air
 Taxis of the Future - Hydrogen has 200 times the theoretical energy of lithium-ion batteries per kilogram. We believe hydrogen
 is the obvious choice because of its lighter weight, in the emerging but potentially revolutionary air mobility market of small electric
 aircrafts, such as the Skai air tax drone. According to Skai, battery-powered air mobility vehicles are projected to have flight
 durations of less than half an hour before needing to recharge - Skai s hydrogen fuel cells give them the ability to fly continuously
 for up to 4 hours or more with higher capacity auxiliary tanks. 

Research
and Development 

Our
electrolyzer technology research and development is conducted at the University of California at Los Angeles through a sponsored research
agreement. The current program is focused on replacing iridium with earth abundant materials that meet or exceed the performance characteristics
of iridium. We have also identified additional components and materials in electrolyzers where meaningful cost reductions can be performed.
While iridium is the oxygen catalyst, its counterpart on the hydrogen side is platinum, a material so rare that only 200 tons are mined
every year. Another critical component is the porous transport layer PTL ), also known as the gas diffusion layer, which
facilitates the movement of water and gases to and from the catalyst surfaces. According to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory,
the catalysts, membrane and PTL assembly account for more than 50 -75 of the capital cost of the electrolyzer stack. 

Marketing
Strategy 

We
will begin marketing our electrolyzer catalyst technologies as soon as a tangible form of quantitative performance demonstration becomes
available. Our marketing plan includes engaging with manufacturers of existing electrolyzer component and delivery infrastructure, as
well as identifying and developing relationships with potential licensing partners with large scale hydrogen generation and supply logistics
all over the world. 

We
are currently outsourcing our promotion efforts to a public relations firm that is assisting us with comprehensive advertising and promotion
of the Company. 

Backlog
of Orders 

We
do not have any backlog of orders. 

5 

Government
Contracts 

We
do not have any government contracts at this time. 

Compliance
with Environmental Laws and Regulations 

Our
operations are subject to local, state and federal laws and regulations governing environmental quality and pollution control. To date,
our compliance with these regulations has had no material effect on our operations, capital, earnings, or competitive position, and the
cost of such compliance has not been material. We are unable to assess or predict at this time what effect additional regulations or
legislation could have on our activities. 

Manufacturing
and Distribution 

On
February 2, 2022, we entered into a Manufacturing Supply Agreement with Verde LLC providing for the future commercial production of hydrogen
generation plants. The term of the Agreement continues through December 31, 2024, unless earlier terminated pursuant to the terms thereof.
Additionally, the Agreement contemplates that the quantities, pricing and delivery date and other terms will be set forth in purchase
orders issued under the Agreement. 

We
may enter into additional agreements for the manufacture and distribution of our own technology products in the future. 

Intellectual
Property 

On
May 19, 2011, we filed a U.S. patent to protect the intellectual property rights for Photovoltaic Module Backsheet, Materials
for Use in Module Backsheet and Process for Making the Same, application number 13/093,549. The inventor listed on the patent
application is Stanley Levy, our former Chief Technology Officer. The Company is listed as assignee. This patent was issued on July 14,
2015. Our BioBacksheet R is currently available for licensing only. 

On
March 26, 2018, North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University filed a U.S. patent application U.S. Serial No. 62/473,772
titled Prelithiated Silicon Particles for Lithium Ion Batteries , and we currently have a non-exclusive License Agreement
for the use of the technology. The patent was issued on December 29, 2020. 

Competition 

There
are a number of companies developing green hydrogen technologies including ITM Power, Clean Power Hydrogen Group, Sunfire, Greenway Energy,
Amalyst, and AFC Energy. We expect a high level of competition, but the market opportunity is very large. Once we implement the prototype
demonstration of our technology for commercial application, we plan on seeking partnership or licensing arrangements for our green hydrogen
technology with a select group of equipment manufacturers of green hydrogen. 

Technology
Development Partners 

On
September 28, 2017, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the License Agreement with the North Carolina
A T State University related to the use of the University s intellectual property in the Company s business of developing,
producing and marketing lithium-ion batteries. Within thirty (30) days after entering into the License Agreement, the Company paid to
the University a one-time, non-refundable license fee in the sum of 15,000. Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, the Company
is obligated to pay all costs of preparing, filing, prosecution, issuance and maintenance related to the patents underlying the intellectual
property licensed by the Company. In addition, the Company is obligated to make certain annual royalty payments and sub-licensing fees.
On September 28, 2020, the Company again paid to the University annual non-refundable licensee fee of 15,000. On September 28, 2021,
the Company chose not to renew the exclusive licensing arrangement. The Company still retains a nonexclusive license to use the technology. 

6 

On
June 14, 2018, the Company executed a joint development agreement with Silicio Ferrosolar SLU, a subsidiary of Ferroglobe, PLC (NASDAQ:GSM),
for collaborative efforts to assess, develop, and/or market silicon anode materials for high power, high energy lithium ion batteries
by integrating BioSolar technology and Ferroglobe silicon materials. 

On
March 6, 2020, the Company executed a joint development agreement with Soelect, Inc, for collaborative efforts to assess, develop, and/or
market a processing technology to produce silicon oxide anode materials for electric vehicle lithium ion batteries. The Company ended
the joint development relationship in June 2021 and has pivoted away from pursuing battery technology to focus on pursuing Green Hydrogen
Opportunities. 

On
December 14, 2020, the Company executed a sponsored research agreement with the University of California, Los Angeles, for collaborative
efforts to discover and develop efficient and stable earth-abundant material-based catalysts for hydrogen production through water electrolysis.
 On October 30, 2022, the Company entered into Sponsored Research Agreement Third Amendment (the
 Amendment Agreement ). Pursuant to the Amendment Agreement, the Sponsored Research Agreement was further amended to among
other things (i) extend the term of the Sponsored Research Agreement to December 31, 2025; (ii) increase the consideration payable to
the University under the Sponsored Research Agreement to 2,797,368; (iv) amend the scope of work under the Sponsored Research Agreement;
and (iii) update the schedule of payments to the University. 

To
assist us in the development of our technology, we intend to seek out and enter into technology development agreements with other entities
with battery testing and materials expertise. 

Corporate
Information and History 

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 24, 2006, as BioSolar Labs, Inc. Our name was changed to BioSolar, Inc. on June 8,
2006, and to NewHydrogen, Inc. on April 30, 2021. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 27936 Lost Canyon Road, Suite 202, Santa Clarita, California 91387, and our telephone number
is (661) 251-0001. 

Our
fiscal year end is December 31. 

Available
Information 

We
file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ). These filings are available to the public on the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

We
maintain our corporate website at http://newhydrogen.com (this website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink and
the information contained on our website is not intended to be a part of this Report ). 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of March 1, 2023 we had one (1) full time employee. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider relations with our
employees to be good. 

7 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

WE
HAVE A LIMITED HISTORY OF LOSSES AND HAVE NEVER REALIZED REVENUES TO DATE. 

Since
inception, we have incurred losses and have negative cash flows from operations and have realized only minimal revenues. From inception
through December 31, 2022, we have an accumulated deficit of 172,955,053. These factors, among others discussed in Note (1) to the
financial statements included in this Annual Report, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We expect
to continue to incur net losses until we are able to realize revenues to fund our continuing operations. We may fail to achieve any or
significant revenues from sales or achieve or sustain profitability. Accordingly, there can be no assurance of when, if ever, we will
be profitable or be able to maintain profitability. 

WE
ARE A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY AND MAY BE UNABLE TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH OR IMPLEMENT OUR EXPANSION STRATEGY IF WE ARE ABLE TO LAUNCH OUR
PRODUCT AND SERVICE OFFERINGS. 

We
are a development stage company that was formed on April 24, 2006 and may not be able to launch our product and service offerings or
implement the other features of our business strategy at the rate or to the extent presently planned. If we are able to launch our product
and service offerings, our projected growth will place a significant strain on our administrative, operational and financial resources.
If we are unable to successfully manage our future growth, establish and upgrade our operating and financial control systems, recruit
and hire necessary personnel or effectively manage unexpected expansion difficulties, our financial condition and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. 

WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOP AND COMMERCIALIZE OUR TECHNOLOGIES WHICH WOULD RESULT IN CONTINUED LOSSES. 

While
we have made progress in the development of our products, we have generated only minimal revenues and are unable to project when we will
achieve profitability, if at all. As is the case with any new technology, we are a development stage company and expect the development
process to continue. We may not be able to develop our product offering, develop a customer base and markets, or implement the other
features of our business strategy at the rate or to the extent presently planned. Growth beyond the product development stage will place
a significant strain on our administrative, operational and financial resources. In addition, our operations will not be able to move
out of the development stage without additional funding. 

OUR
REVENUES ARE DEPENDENT UPON ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRODUCTS BY THE MARKET; THE FAILURE OF WHICH WOULD CAUSE TO CURTAIL OR CEASE OPERATIONS. 

We
believe that virtually all of our revenues will come from the sale or license of our products. As a result, we will continue to incur
substantial operating losses until such time as we are able to sell and license our products and generate revenue. There can be no assurance
that businesses and customers will adopt our technology and products, or that businesses and prospective customers will agree to pay
for or license our products. In the event that we are not able to significantly increase the number of customers that purchase or license
our products, or if we are unable to charge the necessary prices or license fees, our financial condition and results of operations will
be materially and adversely affected. 

WE
DO NOT MAINTAIN THEFT OR CASUALTY INSURANCE, AND ONLY MAINTAIN MODEST LIABILITY AND PROPERTY INSURANCE COVERAGE AND THEREFORE WE COULD
INCUR LOSSES AS A RESULT OF AN UNINSURED LOSS. 

We
do not maintain theft or casualty insurance and we have modest liability and property insurance coverage. We cannot assure you that we
will not incur uninsured liabilities and losses as a result of the conduct of our business. Any such uninsured loss or liability could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

8 

IF
WE LOSE KEY EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS OR ARE UNABLE TO ATTRACT OR RETAIN QUALIFIED PERSONNEL, OUR BUSINESS COULD SUFFER. 

Our
success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, engineering and management personnel. We are highly
dependent on our chief executive officer, Dr. David Lee, who has been critical to the development of our technologies and business. The
loss of the services of Dr. Lee could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We do not have an employment agreement with Dr.
Lee and do not maintain key man insurance with respect to Dr. Lee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that Dr. Lee will remain associated
with us. His efforts will be critical to us as we continue to develop our technology and as we attempt to transition from a development
stage company to a company with commercialized products and services. If we were to lose Dr. Lee, or any other key employees or consultants,
we may experience difficulties in competing effectively, developing our technology and implementing our business strategies. 

THE
LOSS OF STRATEGIC RELATIONSHIPS USED IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF OUR PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY COULD IMPEDE OUR ABILITY TO COMPLETE OUR PRODUCT. 

We
may rely on strategic relationships with technology development partners to provide personnel, and expertise in the research and development
of our technology and manufacturing process underlying our product. A loss of these relationships for any reason could cause us to experience
difficulties in completing the development of our product and implementing our business strategy. There can be no assurance that we could
establish other relationships of adequate expertise in a timely manner or at all. 

OUR
CURRENT AND POTENTIAL COMPETITORS, SOME OF WHOM HAVE GREATER RESOURCES THAN WE DO, MAY DEVELOP PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGIES THAT MAY CAUSE
DEMAND FOR, AND THE PRICES OF, OUR PRODUCTS TO DECLINE. 

While
there are a number of companies developing green hydrogen technologies for electrolyzers, we do not know of any employing anything similar
to our non-precious metal-based catalysts. We may face competition from these companies as they may expand or extend their product offering
to incorporate new catalyst materials. 

Many
of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, product development
and marketing resources, greater name recognition and larger customer bases than we do. Our present or future competitors may be able
to develop products comparable or superior to those we offer, adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies, evolving industry trends
and standards or customer requirements, or devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we
do. Accordingly, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets, competition may intensify and future competition may harm
our business. 

WE
ARE CONTROLLED BY CURRENT OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS. 

Our
directors and executive officers beneficially own approximately 38.4 of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of December 31,
2022 was 705,126,846. Accordingly, our executive officers, directors, principal stockholders and certain of their affiliates will have
the ability to control the election of our Board of Directors and the outcome of matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

BECAUSE
THERE IS A LIMITED MARKET IN OUR COMMON STOCK, STOCKHOLDERS MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY IN SELLING OUR COMMON STOCK AND OUR COMMON STOCK MAY
BE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT PRICE SWINGS. 

There
is a very limited market for our common stock. Since trading commenced in February 2007, there has been little activity in our common
stock and on some days, there is no trading in our common stock. Because of the limited market for our common stock, the purchase or
sale of a relatively small number of shares may have an exaggerated effect on the market price for our common stock. We cannot assure
stockholders that they will be able to sell common stock or, that if they are able to sell their shares, that they will be able to sell
the shares in any significant quantity at the quoted price. 

9 

OUR
COMMON STOCK IS SUBJECT TO THE PENNY STOCK RULES OF THE SEC AND THE TRADING MARKET IN OUR SECURITIES IS LIMITED, WHICH
MAKES TRANSACTIONS IN OUR STOCK CUMBERSOME AND MAY REDUCE THE VALUE OF AN INVESTMENT IN OUR STOCK. 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes
relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00
per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: 

that
 a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and 

the
 broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the
 penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
 financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and 

make
 a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge
 and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating
to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: 

sets
 forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and 

that
 the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

Disclosure
also to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commission
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements to be sent disclosing recent price
information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

WE
DO NOT EXPECT TO PAY DIVIDENDS IN THE FUTURE; ANY RETURN ON INVESTMENT MAY BE LIMITED TO THE VALUE OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

We
do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our Common Stock will depend
on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the board of directors may consider
relevant. Our current intention is to apply net earnings, if any, in the foreseeable future to increasing our capital base and development
and marketing efforts. There can be no assurance that the Company will ever have sufficient earnings to declare and pay dividends to
the holders of our Common Stock, and in any event, a decision to declare and pay dividends is at the sole discretion of our Board of
Directors. If we do not pay dividends, our Common Stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if its
stock price appreciates. 

10 

OUR
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION ALLOW FOR OUR BOARD TO CREATE NEW SERIES OF PREFERRED STOCK WITHOUT FURTHER APPROVAL BY OUR STOCKHOLDERS, WHICH
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE RIGHTS OF THE HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors
has the authority to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of our preferred stock without further stockholder approval. As a result, our board
of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders of preferred stock the right to
our assets upon liquidation, or the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock.
In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our
common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result
in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

ADDITIONAL
STOCK OFFERINGS IN THE FUTURE MAY DILUTE THEN-EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS PERCENTAGE OWNERSHIP OF THE COMPANY. 

Given
our plans and expectations that we will need additional capital, we anticipate that we will need to issue additional shares of common
stock or securities convertible or exercisable for shares of common stock, including convertible preferred stock, convertible notes,
stock options or warrants. We anticipate that our issuance of additional common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable into
common stock in the future will dilute the percentage ownership of then current stockholders. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

Our
headquarters are located at 27936 Lost Canyon Road, Suite 202, Santa Clarita, California 91387. We lease our facility under a month-to-month
lease without an expiration date. Our monthly lease payment is 550. The size of our office is 144 square feet. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS. 

We
are not currently a party to, nor are any of our property currently the subject of, any pending legal proceeding that will have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

N/A 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink maintained by the OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the ticker symbol NEWH . 

Common
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue 6,000,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

Holders
of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of
common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for the election
of directors can elect all of the directors to our board of directors. Subject to the rights of our preferred stock, holders of the Company s
common stock representing a majority of the voting power of the Company s common stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote,
represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority
of the Company s outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as a liquidation, merger
or an amendment to the Company s articles of incorporation. 

Subject
to the rights of preferred stockholders (if any), holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to share in all dividends
that the Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities
and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. The Company s common stock has no
pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights, and there are no redemption provisions applicable to the Company s common stock. 

11 

As
of March 1, 2023, our common stock was held by 90 stockholders of record and we had 705,126,846 shares of common stock issued and
outstanding. We believe that the number of beneficial owners is substantially greater than the number of record holders because a significant
portion of our outstanding common stock is held of record in broker street names for the benefit of individual investors. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to stockholders in
the foreseeable future. In addition, any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the board of directors
and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and such other factors as the Board
of Directors deem relevant. There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
Company s registrar and transfer agent is Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC, One University Plaza, Suite 505, Hackensack, NJ 07601. 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

On
April 11, 2022, the Company s Board of directors adopted the NewHydrogen, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ).
The stated purposes of the Plan are to (a) enable the Company, to attract and retain the types of employees, consultants and directors
who will contribute to the Company s long range success; (b) provide incentives that align the interests of Employees, Consultants
and Directors with those of the shareholders of the Company; and (c) promote the success of the Company s business. 

The
maximum number of shares of common stock initially available for issuance under the Plan is 500,000,000 shares of common stock and thereafter
shall automatically be increased on the first day of the Company s fiscal year beginning in 2023 so that the total number of shares
issuable under the Plan shall at all times equal fifteen percent (15 of the Company s fully diluted capitalization on the first
day of the Company s fiscal year, unless the Company s Board of Directors adopts a resolution providing that the number of
shares issuable under the 2022 Plan shall not be so increased. The shares of common stock subject to stock awards granted under the Plan
that are canceled, forfeited or expire prior to exercise, either in full or in part, shall again become available for issuance under
the 2022 Plan. Shares subject to a stock award under the Plan shall not again be made available for issuance or delivery under the Plan
if such shares are (a) shares tendered in payment of an option or (b) shares delivered or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax
withholding obligation. 

In
the event of a change in control, the Company may, but shall not be obligated to: (a) accelerate, vest or cause the restrictions to lapse
with respect to all or any portion of any stock award; (b) cancel stock awards and cause to be paid to the holders of vested stock awards
the value of such stock awards, if any, as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion, it being understood that in the case of
any option with an option exercise price that equals or exceeds the price paid for a share of common stock in connection with the change
in control, the Company may cancel the option without the payment of consideration therefor; (c) provide for the issuance of substitute
stock awards or the assumption or replacement of such stock awards; or (d) provide written notice to the holders that for a period of
at least ten days prior to the change in control, such stock awards shall be exercisable, to the extent applicable, as to all shares
of common stock subject thereto and upon the occurrence of the change in control, any stock awards not so exercised shall terminate and
be of no further force and effect. 

The
Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. The Plan is scheduled to terminate automatically in ten (10) years following the
effective date. No rights may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. The Board may amend or
modify the Plan at any time. To the extent required by applicable law or regulation, and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, stockholder
approval will be required for any amendment that (a) materially increases the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan,
(b) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive stock awards under the Plan, (c) materially increases the benefits
accruing to the participants under the Plan or materially reduces the price at which shares of common stock may be issued or purchased
under the Plan, (d) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (e) expands the types of awards available for issuance under the Plan. 

12 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

ITEM
 6. 
 [Reserved] 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Special
Note on Forward-Looking Statements. 

Certain
statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation below, and elsewhere in this annual report,
are not related to historical results, and are forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements present our expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements frequently are accompanied
by such words such as may, will, should, could, expects, plans, 
 intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential 
or continue, or the negative of such terms or other words and terms of similar meaning. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, achievements,
or timeliness of such results. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of
such forward-looking statements. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this annual report.
Subsequent written and oral forward looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting in our behalf are expressly qualified
in their entirety by the cautionary statements and risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report, and in other reports
filed by us with the SEC. 

You
should read the following description of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements
and accompanying notes included in this Annual Report beginning on page F-1. 

Overview 

We
are a developer of clean energy technologies. Our current focus is on developing an electrolyzer technology to lower the cost of Green
Hydrogen production. 

Hydrogen
is the cleanest and most abundant fuel in the universe. It is zero-emission and only produces water vapor when used. However, hydrogen
does not exist in its pure form on Earth so it must be extracted. For centuries, scientists have known how to electricity to split water
into hydrogen and oxygen using a device called an electrolyzer. Electrolyzers installed behind a solar farm or wind farm can use renewable
electricity to split water, thereby producing Green Hydrogen. However, modern electrolyzers still cost too much. The chemical catalysts
that enable the water-splitting reactions are currently made from platinum and iridium - both are very expensive precious metals. These
catalysts account for nearly 50 of the cost of the electrolyzer. 

We
are developing technologies to significantly reduce or replace catalysts made from rare materials with catalysts made from inexpensive
earth abundant materials in electrolyzers to lower the cost of Green Hydrogen, thus help usher in a Green Hydrogen economy. In a 2020
report, Goldman Sachs estimates that Green Hydrogen will be a 12 trillion market opportunity by 2050. 

We
have previously developed an innovative material technology to reduce the cost per watt of electricity produced by Photovoltaic, or PV,
solar modules. 

13 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS - YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative G A expenses increased by 40,240,146 to 10,988,885 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared
to 51,229,031 for the prior period December 31, 2021. This decrease in G A expenses was the result of a decrease in non-cash stock
compensation of 39,962,654, increase in salaries of 26,229, decrease in professional fees of 302,741, with an overall decrease of
 980 in other G A expenses. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and Development R D expenses decreased by 125,651 to 1,095,483 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to
 1,221,134 for the prior period ended December 31, 2021. This overall decrease in R D expenses was the result of a decrease in corporate
outside services. 

Depreciation
and amortization Expense 

Depreciation
and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4,214 and 4,365, respectively. 

Other
Income/(Expenses) 

Other
income and (expenses) decreased by (62,640,956) to 3,054 of other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to (62,644,010
of other income for the prior period ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in non-cash gain on change in fair value of the derivative
instruments of 63,214,902, interest income of 578 with a decrease in interest expense in the amount of (574,524), which includes the
net change in amortization of debt discount in the amount of 455,989. The decrease in other income and (expenses) was primarily due
to the conversion of the outstanding convertible promissory notes. 

Net
Loss 

Our
net loss was (12,085,528) for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net income of 10,189,480 for the prior period ended December
31, 2021. The increase in net loss was due to a decrease in non-cash change in derivative liabilities. The Company has not generated
any revenues. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 4,845,188 in working capital as compared to 6,655,953 for the prior year ended December 31, 2021. The
decrease in working capital was due primarily to a decrease in cash, prepaid expenses, and accounts payable. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company used 1,812,013 of cash for operating activities, as compared to 2,084,486 for the prior
year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the use of cash for operating activities was a result of a decrease in research and development
and professional fees in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The Company is focused on development of silicon
anode additive technology for next generation lithium-ion batteries. 

Cash
used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0, respectively. 

Cash
provided from financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,000 as compared to 8,666,700 for the prior year ended
December 31, 2021. Our capital needs have primarily been met from the proceeds of convertible debt offerings and equity financing. We
are currently in the development stage of our business and have no revenues. 

14 

Our
financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern.
Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued their report dated March 10, 2023 that included an explanatory paragraph
expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern without additional capital becoming available. Our ability
to continue as a going concern ultimately is dependent on our ability to generate a profit which is dependent upon our ability to obtain
additional equity or debt financing, attain further operating efficiencies and, ultimately, achieve profitable operations. Our financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

PLAN
OF OPERATION AND FINANCING NEEDS 

We
are engaged in the development of clean energy technologies to lower the cost of producing green hydrogen. The Company s current
focus is on developing lower cost replacements for precious metal based catalysts for hydrogen electrolyzers. 

Our
plan of operation within the next twelve months is to utilize our cash balances to expand the existing electrolyzer technology program
focused on significantly reducing or replacing rare materials in electrolyzers with inexpensive earth abundant materials to help usher
in a Green Hydrogen economy. 

We
believe that our current cash and investment balances will be sufficient to support development activity and general and administrative
expenses for the next twenty-four months. Management estimates that it will require additional cash resources during 2025, based upon
its current operating plan and condition. We expect increased expenses during the second quarter of 2023 as we ramp up prototyping efforts
for electrolyzer incorporating our catalyst technology as well as commence an additional related technology program. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

All
financial information required by this Item is attached hereto at the end of this report beginning on page F-1 and is hereby incorporated
by reference. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within
the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under
the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In
designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment
in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and
procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

15 

As
of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring
that information required to be disclosed by us in our periodic reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified for each report by the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a - 15(f). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and the
Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no
matter how well designed have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control - Integrated Framework - Guidance
for Smaller Public Companies (the COSO criteria). Based on our assessment we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls
over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report by M K CPAS, PLLC, our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permits the Company to only provide management s
report in this Form 10-K. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION. 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth information about our executive officers, key employees and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 David
 Lee 
 
 63 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Spencer
 Hall 
 
 46 
 
 Director 

16 

The
principal occupations for the past five years (and, in some instances, for prior years) of each of our executive officers and directors,
are as follows: 

David
Lee - Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company since inception (April 24, 2006). Dr.
Lee has over 30 years of engineering, marketing, sales, and corporate management experience in the areas of military and consumer communication
systems, automotive electronics, software development and consulting. From 2004 to 2006, he was with Ramsey-Shilling Co. in the business
of Commercial Real Estate Investment and Brokerage. From 2000 to 2004, he served as Chief Operating Officer for Applied Reasoning, Inc.,
a Delaware company engaged in the business of Internet Software Development. From 1994 to 2000, he served as Vice Present and General
Manager for RF-Link Technology, Inc., a California company engaged in the business of Wireless Technology Development and Manufacturing.
Dr. Lee received a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from Purdue University in 1989, a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from
University of Michigan in 1986 and a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Texas at Austin in 1984. 

The
Board of Directors has concluded that Dr. Lee is qualified to serve as a director of the Company because of his diverse experience in
technology, marketing, and executive management. 

Spencer
Hall - Director of the Company since February 8, 2021 and served as the Company s Chief Operating Officer from February 8,
2021 through December 21, 2022. Mr. Hall has held senior management positions over the course of his career including director of communications
for PacifiCorp, a Berkshire Hathaway Energy-owned electric utility serving nearly two million customers across Oregon, California, Washington,
Utah, Idaho and Wyoming. Prior to his role at PacifiCorp, he served as vice president of digital platforms for the Utah Jazz (Larry H.
Miller Sports Entertainment) and as news director of KSL.com, the largest news outlet in the Intermountain West. Hall holds a Master
of Science in Instructional Design and Technology from Utah State University and a Bachelor of Arts in Visual Art from Brigham Young
University. 

The
Board of Directors has concluded that Mr. Hall is qualified to serve as a director of the Company because of his diverse experience in
technology, marketing, and executive management. 

COMMITTEES
OF THE BOARD 

We
currently do not maintain any committees of the Board of Directors. Given our size and the development of our business to date, we believe
that the board through its meetings can perform all of the duties and responsibilities which might be performed by a committee. We do
not currently have an audit committee financial expert. 

INDEBTEDNESS
OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS 

No
executive officer, director or any member of these individuals immediate families or any corporation or organization with whom
any of these individuals is an affiliate is or has been indebted to us since the beginning of our last fiscal year. 

FAMILY
RELATIONSHIPS 

There
are no family relationships among our executive officers and directors. 

CODE
OF ETHICS 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. The text of the Code of Ethics is filed as
an exhibit to this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on March 25, 2008. The Company will provide to any person without charge, upon request to the Company at its office, a copy of the Code
of Ethics. Any waiver of the provisions of the Code of Ethics for executive officers and directors may be made only by the Audit Committee
and, in the case of a waiver for members of the Audit Committee, by the Board of Directors. Any such waivers will be promptly disclosed
to our shareholders. 

17 

LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

During
the past ten years, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has been: 

the
 subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted
 in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject
 to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or any
 Federal or State authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any
 type of business, securities or banking activities; 

found
 by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 a federal or state securities or commodities law. 

the
 subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation;
 (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or
 permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order,
 or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business
 entity; or 

the
 subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
 authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Although
we have not adopted a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined, we
have traditionally determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to combine these roles. Due to the
small size and early stage of the Company, we believe it is currently most effective to have the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
positions combined. In addition, having one person serve as both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer eliminates potential for confusion
and provides clear leadership for the Company, with a single person setting the tone and managing our operations. The Board oversees
specific risks, including, but not limited to: 

appointing,
 retaining and overseeing the work of the independent auditors, including resolving disagreements between the management and the independent
 auditors relating to financial reporting; 

approving
 all auditing and non-auditing services permitted to be performed by the independent auditors; 

reviewing
 annually the independence and quality control procedures of the independent auditors; 

reviewing,
 approving, and overseeing risks arising from proposed related party transactions; 

discussing
 the annual audited financial statements with the management; 

meeting
 separately with the independent auditors to discuss critical accounting policies, management letters, recommendations on internal
 controls, the auditor s engagement letter and independence letter and other material written communications between the independent
 auditors and the management; and 

monitoring
 the risks associated with management resources, structure, succession planning, development and selection processes, including evaluating
 the effect the compensation structure may have on risk decisions. 

18 

Board
of Directors Meetings and Attendance 

We
have no formal policy regarding director attendance at the annual meeting of stockholders. The Board of Directors held nine (9) meetings
in 2022 including three (3) meetings prior to filing our quarterly reports and one (1) meeting prior to filing this Annual Report. All
Board members were present at all of the meetings. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of the Company s
stock (collectively, Reporting Persons to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and changes in ownership of the
Company s common stock. Reporting Persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a)
reports they file. To the Company s knowledge, based solely on its review of the copies of such reports received or written representations
from certain Reporting Persons that no other reports were required, the Company believes that during its fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 all Reporting Persons timely complied with all applicable filing requirements. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION. 

The
following table summarizes all compensation recorded by us in each of the last two completed fiscal years for the named executive officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non- Qualified Deferred Compensation 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 David Lee 
 2022 
 240,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 240,000 
 
 - CEO and Acting CFO 
 2021 
 232,000 
 - 
 - 
 28,686,000 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 28,918,000 

Spencer Hall COO(3) 
 2022 
 175,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 175,000 

2021 
 157,000 
 - 
 - 
 3,652,000 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 3,809,000 

(1) 
 Calculated
 at fair value in accordance with the authoritative guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, where the value
 of the stock compensation is based upon the grant date and recognized over the vesting period. On the grant date of February 18,
 2021, half of the shares vested immediately, and the remaining half shall become exercisable in equal amounts over a twenty-four
 (24) month period during the term of the Optionee s employment. On June 29, 2021, the Company repriced the options and recognized
 additional compensation expense per ASC 718. Mr. Lee was granted options to purchase 400,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
 price of 0.028, with a fair value of 28,686,000 calculated using the Black Scholes method. 

(2) 
 Calculated
at fair value in accordance with the authoritative guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, where the value of
the stock compensation is based upon the grant date and recognized over the vesting period. On the grant date of February 18, 2021, the
options shall become exercisable in equal amounts over a thirty-six (36) month period during the term of the Optionee s employment.
On June 29, 2021, the Company repriced the options and recognized additional compensation expense per ASC 718. Mr. Hall was granted options
to purchase 50,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.028, with a fair value of 3,652,000 calculated using the
Black Scholes method. 

(3) 
 On
December 21, 2022, Spencer Hall informed the Company of his decision to resign as Chief Operating
Officer of the Company to pursue other opportunities effective December 31, 2022. 

19 

Employment
Agreements 

The
Company currently has no employment agreements with its executive officers. 

Employee
Benefit Plans 

The
Company currently has no benefit plans in place for its employees. 

Director
Compensation 

Directors
receive compensation for their services and reimbursement for their expenses as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of
the Board. Currently, our directors do not receive monetary compensation for their service on the Board of Directors. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth, as of March 1, 2023, the number of and percent of our common stock beneficially owned by: 

all
 directors and nominees, naming them, 

our
 executive officers, 

our
 directors and executive officers as a group, without naming them, and 

persons
 or groups known by us to own beneficially 5 or more of our common stock: 

We
believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. 

A
person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by him within 60 days from March 1, 2023, upon
the exercise of options, warrants or convertible securities. Each beneficial owner s percentage ownership is determined by assuming
that options, warrants or convertible securities that are held by him, but not those held by any other person, and which are exercisable
within 60 days of March 1, 2023 have been exercised and converted. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each of the following
beneficial owner is c/o NewHydrogen, Inc., 27936 Lost Canyon Road, Suite 202, Santa Clarita, CA 91387. 

Title of Class 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned(1) 
 
 Common Stock 
 David Lee (2) 
 404,769,282 
 36.6 
 
 Common Stock 
 Spencer Hall (3) 
 36,111,114 
 4.9 
 
 All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (2 individuals) 
 
 440,880,396 
 41.5 

1. 
 Based
 upon 705,126,846 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 1, 2023. 
 
 2. 
 Includes
 4,769,290 shares of common stock and 399,999,992 shares of common stock underlying options that are fully vested and that will vest
 within 60 days of the date of this report. 
 
 3. 
 Includes
36,111,114 shares of common stock underlying options that are fully vested and that will vest within 60 days of the date of this report. 

20 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan 

The
following table sets forth information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise prices of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 450,000,000 
 0.021 
 50,000,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 5,000,000 
 0.0223 
 - 
 
 Total 
 455,000,000 
 
 50,000,000 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

There
were no material related party transactions which were entered into during the last two fiscal years. 

Director
Independence 

We
currently do not have any directors who are independent as defined under the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit
Fees 

The
following table shows that fees that were billed to the Company by our independent registered public accounting firm for professional
services rendered in 2022 and 2021. 

The
audit fees represent fees for professional services performed by M K CPAS, PLLC M K as applicable, for the audit
of our financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements, as well as services that are normally provided in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Year 
 Audit Fees 
 Audit- Related Fees 
 Tax Fees 
 All Other Fees 
 
 2022 
 31,950 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2021 
 22,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Audit-Related
Fees 

We
did not incur assurance and audit-related fees during 2022 and 2021, to M K as applicable, nor in connection with the audit of our
financial statements for the reviews of registration statements and issuance of related consents and assistance with SEC comment letters. 

21 

Tax
Fees 

We
did not incur fees for tax compliance, tax advice, or tax planning for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All
Other Fees 

There
were no other fees billed to us by M K as applicable, for services rendered to us during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, other than the services described above under Audit Fees and Audit-Related Fees. 

As
of the date of this filing, our current policy is to not engage our independent registered public accounting firm to provide, among other
things, bookkeeping services, appraisal or valuation services, or international audit services. The policy provides that we engage our
independent registered public accounting firm to provide audit and other assurance services, such as review of SEC reports or filings,
as set forth above. 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of BioSolar Labs, Inc. filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 24, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on November 22, 2006) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of BioSolar Labs, Inc. filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 25, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on November 22, 2006) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of BioSolar Labs, Inc. filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 8, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on November 22, 2006) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of BioSolar Labs, Inc. filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on July 18, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2011) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of BioSolar, Inc. filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on July 10, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report of Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on October 25, 2013) 

3.6 
 
 Bylaws of BioSolar, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on November 22, 2006) 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 29, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2019) 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of BioSolar, Inc. filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 10, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 12, 2019) 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences Rights and Limitations of Series B Preferred Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 15, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2021) 

3.10 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Preferences Rights and Limitation of Series C Preferred Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March
 11, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12,
 2021) 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Preferences Rights and Limitations of Series D Preferred Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 14, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 19, 2021) 

3.12 
 
 Articles of Conversion/Exchange/Merger filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 28, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-k filed with the SEC on May 3, 2021) 

3.13 
 
 Certificate to Accompany Amended and Restated Articles filed on June 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 11, 2021) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Joint Development Agreement with Silico Ferrosolar SLU dated as of June 14, 2018 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 19, 2018 ). 

22 

10.2 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated as of January 14, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of January 14, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Engagement Letter dated as of January 22, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of January 24, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Form of Warrant dated as of January 24, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated as of January 24, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant dated as of January 24, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2021) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded warrant dated as of January 24, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 9, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of April 4, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Common Warrant dated as of April 4, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant dated as of April 4, 2021 (Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Manufacturing Supply Agreement with Verde LLC dated February 2, 2022 (Reported on the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022) 

10.15 
 
 NewHydrogen, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (Filed an as exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2022) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Third Amendment to the Sponsored Research Agreement (Filed an as exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2022) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of M K CPAs, PLLC (filed herewith) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2008) 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 302 (filed herewith). 

32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (filed herewith). 

EX-101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

EX-101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

EX-101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

EX-101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

EX-101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 

EX-101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

23 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Los Angeles, State of California, on March 10, 2023. 

NEWHYDROGEN,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 David Lee 

CHIEF
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 (PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER) AND 

ACTING
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 (ACTING PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the date indicated: 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 DAVID LEE 
 
 CHIEF
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 March
10, 2023 
 
 DAVID
 LEE 
 
 (PRINCIPAL
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER), ACTING CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

(PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING AND 
 FINANCIAL OFFICER) AND 
 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD 

/s/
 SPENCER HALL 
 
 DIRECTOR 

SPENCER
 HALL 

March
10, 2023 

24 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - M K CPAS, PLLC (PCAOB ID:
 2738) 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of NewHydrogen, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of NewHydrogen, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements
of operations, shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the two-year period then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB . 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and the significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company issues equity based awards in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation. Auditing
management s calculation of the fair value of equity based awards can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company
uses management estimates on various inputs to the calculation. Other less complex equity awards are based upon the closing market price. 

To
evaluate the appropriateness of the fair value determined by management, we examined and evaluated the inputs management used in calculating
the fair value of the equity-based award. We also ensured that the Company properly used the correct closing market price for other equity-based
awards. 

/s/

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2019 

March 10, 2023 

A uditor
ID: 

F- 2 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Machinery and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

OTHER ASSETS 

Patents, net of amortization of and , respectively 

Deposit 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (See Note 9) 
 - 
 - 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, and shares outstanding,
 respectively, redeemable value of and , respectively 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; authorized shares and 
 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Preferred treasury stock, and shares outstanding, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

F- 3 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

REVENUE 
 - 
 - 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development 

Depreciation and amortization 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSES) 

Interest income 

Gain on settlement of debt and derivatives 
 - 

Gain (Loss) on change in derivative liability 
 - 

Interest expense 
 - 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE 

DILUTED EARNING (LOSS) PER SHARE 

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

BASIC 

DILUTED 

F- 4 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Mezzanine 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Additional 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Mezzanine 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common shares for converted promissory notes and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common shares for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of preferred shares in exchange for fair value of convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common shares for conversion of preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of Series C Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock compensation cost 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock warrants deemed dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Rounding 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock warrants for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock and warrant compensation cost 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock returned to the Company by Unregistered dealer 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

F- 5 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Adjustment to reconcile net income(loss) to net cash 

(used in) provided by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 

Stock compensation expense 

(Gain) Loss on net change in derivative liability 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount recognized as interest expense 
 - 

Gain on settlement of debt and derivative 
 - 

(Increase) Decrease in Changes in Assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Increase (Decrease) in Changes in Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 
 - 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
 - 
 - 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds for the sale of common stock for cash, net 
 - 

Principle payments on convertible debt 
 - 

Net proceeds from convertible promissory notes 
 - 

Common stock purchase warrants for cash 
 
 - 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 
 - 

Taxes paid 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Common stock issued for convertible notes and accrued interest 
 - 

Fair value of initial derivative 
 - 

Fair value of convertible notes exchanged for preferred stock 
 - 

Issurance of common stock warrants deemed dividends 
 - 

Return of common shares 
 
 - 

F- 6 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AUDITED 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 , which consisted of a non-cash amount of for a
net cash loss of . As of December 31, 2022, its accumulated deficit was . 

Management
believes the Company s present cash flows will enable it to meet its obligations for twenty-four months from the date of these
financial statements. Management will continue to assess it operational needs and seek additional financing as needed to fund its operations. 

 . The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes
it is not exposed to any significant credit risk in these accounts. 

Years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 Years 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AUDITED 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

Less accumulated amortization 
 years 

Intangible assets 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

stock options and on September 2, 2015 granted stock options to its employees
and directors for services. On March 24, 2022, the options expired and the September 2, 2015 options of expired
on September 2, 2022 leaving an outstanding balance of zero for these options. 

On
February 18, 2021, the Company granted stock options to its employees for services at an exercise price of . On September
29, 2021, the Company amended the exercise price to per share. The options expire, and all rights to purchase the shares shall
terminate seven years from the date of grant or termination of employment. Half of the options vested immediately upon
grant, and the remaining half of the option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock shall become exercisable
in equal amounts over a twenty-four month period during the term of the optionee s employment, with the first installment
of shares vesting on March 18, 2021. The options are exercisable in equal amounts over a thirty-six month period
during the term of the optionee s employment, with the first installment of shares, vesting on March 18, 2021. On April
12, 2022, the Company cancelled the stock options dated February 18, 2021, and concurrently granted new options
to its employees for services. 

On
March 1, 2022, the Company issued 
common stock purchase warrants through a securities purchase agreement for a purchase price of .
The initial exercise date of the warrants is March 1, 2024, at an exercise price of 
per share, with a termination date of . 

On
March 15, 2022, the Company granted 
stock options to a consultant for advisory services, at an exercise price of per share, and were valued using the Black
Scholes model. The options expire on the tenth anniversary of the grant date. The options vest at a rate of 
options per month for a thirty-six month period during the term of the optionee s consultancy with the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company recognized stock compensation expense in the financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, the 
stock options were outstanding. 

On
April 12, 2022, the Company granted 
stock options to its employees for services at an exercise price of .
The options expire, and all rights to purchase the shares shall terminate seven years from the date of grant or termination of employment. The vesting schedule of the 
options are exercisable in the amount of 
immediately, and the remaining 
shares shall become exercisable in equal amounts over a ten month period during the term of the optionee s employment until the Option is 
vested. The 
options are exercisable in the amount of 
immediately and the remaining 
shares shall become exercisable in equal amounts over a twenty-two month period during the term of the optionee s employment until the Options is 
vested. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized in stock compensation expense in the financial
statements. As of December 31, 2022, the 
stock options were outstanding. 

Determining
the appropriate fair value of the stock-based compensation requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected life
of the stock-based payment and stock price volatility. The Company used Black Scholes to value its stock option awards which incorporated
the Company s stock price, volatility, U.S. risk-free rate, dividend rate, and estimated life. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate total of stock
options were outstanding. 

and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AUDITED 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2. 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

stock options and warrants,
because their impact on the income per share is antidilutive. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has included shares issuable from stock options and warrants, because
their impact on the income per share is dilutive. 

Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding (Denominator) 

Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding (Denominator) 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AUDITED 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding with a fair value of ,
and a stated face value of one hundred dollars per share which are convertible into shares of fully paid and non-assessable shares
of common stock of the Company. The holder of the Series C preferred stock is entitled to receive dividends pari passu with the holders
of common stock, except upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Corporation. The Series C Preferred stock has no voting rights
The holder has the right, at any time, at its election, to convert shares of Series C Preferred Stock into common stock at a conversion
price of . 

Preferred
Stock December 31, 2021 

On
January 14, 2021, The shares of the Series B Preferred Stock were issued to David Lee, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board,
President and acting Chief Financial Officer as consideration for his continued employment with the Company. The Series B Preferred Stock
by its terms were automatically redeemed by the Company. 

On
March 26, 2021, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with an investor for an exchange of convertible debt into equity. The investor
exchanged convertible notes in the amount of , plus interest in the amount of for an aggregate total of 
in exchange for shares of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock. The extinguishment of the convertible debt and derivative
was recognized in the Company s financial statement as a gain on settlement of convertible notes and derivative liability. A valuation
was prepared based on a stock price of , with a volatility of , based on an estimated term of years. 

Stated value of debt and interest 

Calculated fair value of preferred shares 

Fair value of derivative liability removed 

Gain 

The
Company recognized a gain on settlement of for the extinguishment of convertible debt, plus derivative liability for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

On
April 14, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the issuance of shares of Series D Preferred Stock, par value
 per share, to David Lee, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board, President and acting Chief Financial Officer. The Series
D Preferred Stock total purchase price is for shares of Series D Preferred Stock. The Series D Preferred stock expired on
May 29, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of Series D outstanding. 

Common
Stock December 31, 2022 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
common stock purchase warrants for cash in the amount of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of common stock returned due to the investor being an unregistered
dealer. 

Common
Stock December 31, 2021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock and separate pre-funded warrants
to purchase up to shares of common stock, plus warrants to purchase up to at an exercise price of per share. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock and separate pre-funded warrants to purchase up
to shares of common stock, plus warrants to purchase up to at an exercise price of per shares. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of convertible promissory notes
in the amount of , plus accrued interest of , and other fees of at prices ranging from - . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for services at fair value. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon conversion of shares of preferred stock. 

F- 10 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AUDITED 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 . (See Note 2). 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired/Cancelled 

Outstanding as of the end of the periods 

Exercisable as of the end of the periods 

The
stock-based compensation expense recognized in the statement of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to these options
was . 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was intrinsic value with regards to the outstanding options. 

Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock purchase warrants through a securities purchase agreement
for a purchase price of . 

- 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 

Purchased 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding as of the end of the periods 

Exercisable as of the end of the periods 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AUDITED 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

4. 
 STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS (Continued) 

During
the period, the Company recognized warrant compensation at fair value in the amount . 

 . 

In
the normal course of business, the Company may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and assessments arising. Such matters are subject
to many uncertainties, and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these
matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

On
March 15, 2022, the Company entered into an advisor agreement for services regarding various aspects of the Company s business,
including but not limited to technology, business development, and product development. The Company granted common stock options,
vesting at a rate of options per month for thirty-six months of consecutive service to the Company, as well as cash compensation
of per month for the services provided. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were no legal proceedings against the Company. 

 to effective January 1, 2018. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction, and the state of California. With few exceptions, the Company is no
longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2019. 

Included
in the balance at December 31, 2022, are no tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain, but for which there
is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting, other than interest and penalties,
the disallowance of the shorter deductibility period would not affect the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the payment
of cash to the taxing authority to an earlier period. 

The
Company s policy is to recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in operating
expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not recognize interest and penalties. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately that may be offset against future
taxable income. tax benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2022 financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset
by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 

Non-deductible expenses 

Valuation Allowance 

Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
taxes are provided on a liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible differences and operating loss and
tax credit carry-forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the
difference between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. 

NEWHYDROGEN,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AUDITED 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

6. 
 INCOME TAXES 

R D credit 

Depreciation 

Deferred tax liabilities: 
 
 - 

Less Valuation Allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

Due
to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting
purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to
use in future years. 

F- 13 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation in Registration Statements on Form S-8 No. 333-264252 of our report dated March 10, 2023, of NewHydrogen,
Inc. relating to the audit of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the periods then ended,
and the reference to our firm under the caption Experts in the Registration Statement. 

/s/
M K CPA s, PLLC 

Houston,
TX 

 March
10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
David Lee, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NewHydrogen, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

March
 10, 2023 
 /s/
 David Lee 

David
 Lee 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Acting Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report on Form 10-K of NewHydrogen, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Lee, Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

March 10, 2023 
 /s/ David Lee 

David Lee 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Acting Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Acting Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 newh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 newh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 newh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 newh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

