<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1643953_0001213900-23-021852.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10372696</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>450248</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1932956</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2334186</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2730608</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2656265</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-021852.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322062317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-021852
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Purple Innovation, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001643953
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE [2510]
		IRS NUMBER:				474078206
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37523
		FILM NUMBER:		23751207

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4100 N. CHAPEL RIDGE RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-756-2600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4100 N. CHAPEL RIDGE RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global Partner Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-021852.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_purpleinn.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to
 __________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, UTAH (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone
number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404 (b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock
outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales
price for the common stock as of June 30, 2022, as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market, was million. 

As of March 20, 2023, there were shares of Class A common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

D OCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Certain portions of the
registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders are specifically incorporated by reference
in Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 48 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 49 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 49 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 50 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 
 63 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data 
 63 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 64 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 64 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 66 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding
 Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 66 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive
 Officers and Corporate Governance 
 67 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 67 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 67 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 67 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant
 Fees and Services 
 67 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial
 Statement Schedules 
 68 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 72 

Unless the context otherwise requires, references to (i) Purple, 
 the Company, our company, we, our and us, or like terms, refer to
Purple Innovation, Inc. and its subsidiaries, currently Purple Innovation, LLC, (ii) Purple Inc. refers to Purple Innovation,
Inc. without its subsidiary and (iii) Purple LLC refers to Purple Innovation, LLC, an entity of which Purple Inc. acts as
the sole managing member and of whose common units we own approximately 99.6 as of March 20, 2023. Global Partner Acquisition
Corp. and GPAC refer to the Company prior to the closing of the Business Combination, and Purple before the
Business Combination refers to Purple LLC s business before it became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company upon Closing
the Business Combination (as defined herein). 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report, including, without
limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. Statements in this report that are not descriptions of historical facts are forward-looking
statements that are based on management s current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could negatively
affect our business, operating results, financial condition and stock price. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for
future financial performance, business strategies or expectations for Purple. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements
relating to changes in the markets in which Purple competes, expansion plans and opportunities, our expectation of opening additional
Purple owned retail showrooms, increases in capital, advertising and operational expenses, and other statements preceded by, followed
by or that include the words estimate, plan, project, forecast, intend, 
 expect, anticipate, believe, seek, target or similar expressions. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are made only as of the date hereof. It is routine for our internal projections and expectations to change throughout
the year, and any forward-looking statements based upon these projections or expectations may change prior to the end of the next quarter
or year. Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described
under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the
future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested
by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity,
and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this report, those
results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Introduction 

Our mission is to help people
feel and live better through innovative comfort solutions. 

We began as a digitally-native
vertical brand founded on comfort product innovation with premium offerings, and are now omni-channel. We offer a variety of innovative,
branded and premium comfort products, including mattresses, pillows, cushions, bases, sheets and more. Our products are the result of
decades of innovation and investment in proprietary and patented comfort technologies and the development of our own manufacturing processes.
Our proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer gel technology underpins many of our comfort products and provides a range of benefits that differentiate
our offerings from other competitors products. Specially engineered to relieve pressure, maintain an ideal body temperature, and
provide instantly adaptive support, Purple s patented technology has been used and tested rigorously within medical and consumer
applications for over 30 years. Originally designed for use in hospital beds and wheelchairs, we adapted this unique pressure-relieving
material for our mattresses and other cushion products. 

We market and sell our products
through direct-to-consumer e-commerce and Purple owned retail showrooms (collectively DTC and retail wholesale partners. 

The foundation of our business is core competencies in design, development
and manufacturing. Our accumulated knowledge enables us to create all aspects of our innovative products, including fundamental comfort
technologies and machines and processes necessary to bring them to market. We have integrated our operations to include research and development,
marketing and manufacturing, resulting in an ability to rapidly test, learn, adapt and scale our product offerings. In order to solve
complex manufacturing challenges such as large-format injection molding of our Hyper-Elastic Polymer cushioning material, we designed
and produced our own manufacturing equipment including our proprietary and patented molding machinery. These fully customized machines
are unique to Purple and, we believe, can handle both our size and scale requirements. We believe our combination of patents and intellectual
property, proprietary and patented manufacturing equipment, production processes and decades of acquired knowledge create an advantage
over our competitors who rely on commoditized materials, such as foam and outsourced manufacturing. 

In addition to developing
differentiated products and technologies, we have built a brand that we believe has high customer engagement and avid brand advocates.
We have an experienced marketing team, providing efficient customer acquisition and brand demand development. Our marketing strategy enables
us to market our full product suite to customers, generate frequent interactions online and drive traffic to all channels offering our
products. 

Our knowledge of and engagement
with consumers across digital and brick and mortar retail channels is advantageous and increasing. To complement our DTC efforts, we have
developed multiple wholesale relationships with best-in-class retailers in the furniture, mattress specialty, home d cor, and department
store spaces. Our goal is to provide opportunities for each customer to learn, shop, and buy in the way that works for them. We believe
our distinctly differentiated products, including newly broadened spectrum of mattresses across price points, comfort preferences, benefit
segments, marketing strategies, manufacturing capabilities, unique branding and proprietary technologies position us to continue to drive
our growth. In 2022, our DTC sales, which includes online and Purple owned retail showrooms, accounted for 57.4 of our net revenues and
wholesale accounted for 42.6 of net revenues, while sales of sleep products accounted for 91.2 of our net revenues and other products
accounted for 8.8 . 

In 2022, we grew our DTC efforts by adding 27 Purple owned retail showrooms,
making a total of 55 Company locations across the United States. We anticipate opening 11 additional Purple owned retail showrooms throughout
2023 and in the future. 

1 

Industry and Competition 

Our portfolio of products
is driven by our commitment to innovating real comfort solutions that meaningfully help people sleep, feel and live better. Whether it s
getting a better night s rest or elevating the work from home experience, we design and manufacture truly innovative, differentiated
products that put our customers comfort first. 

Sleep Products 

The sleep products category
encompasses a variety of products including mattresses, pillows, bases, foundations, sheets, mattress protectors, blankets and duvets.
Meaningful innovation in sleep products has remained stagnant and limited over the last 150 years. Coil spring mattresses and memory foam,
two of the primary materials underpinning mattress technology today, were invented in the 1860 s and 1990 s. Latex, water
and air mattresses followed, emerging in the latter part of the 20 th century. Since these early inventions, the sleep product
industry has remained complacent with little meaningful innovation, until the introduction of our proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer material,
which represents a meaningful innovation in pressure relief, temperature neutrality, responsiveness, durability and limited motion transfer.
Our proprietary technology solves problems that regular mattresses create and has proven that material innovations can have a positive
impact on sleep. 

Beginning in 2015, the market
for sleep products underwent a fundamental transformation with the rise of e-commerce-based brands and direct to consumer distribution,
which disrupted the traditional category dynamics and drove the majority of category growth (versus traditional mattress companies) for
several years. Today, the U.S. sleep product industry has rebalanced to be comprised of vendors that rely on retail distribution as well
as a consolidated number of direct-to-consumer retailers who have tried to expand brick and mortar distribution to capture more market
share in a category still tied to instore product trials. Amidst this changing category dynamic, Purple s manufacturing capabilities
paired with our strategic mix of showrooms, e-commerce and third-party retailers, has allowed us to gain share and be a leader in the
sleep products category. 

In 2022, we acquired Advanced Comfort Technologies, Inc., dba Intellibed Intellibed ), a premium sleep and health wellness company that was a pre-existing licensee of our founders of some
of our technologies. That acquisition resulted in us owning the sole right to use all of our Hyper-Elastic Polymer technologies in our
beds. In addition, the acquisition will allow us to immediately expand into the luxury mattress segment. Purple has recently announced
three collections to be available in the second quarter of 2023: Essentials (including the New Day, The Purple Mattress, and The Purple
Plus), Premium (including Restore, RestorePlus, and RestorePremier) and Luxe (including Rejuvenate, RejuvenatePlus and RejuvenatePremier). 

In general, direct to consumer mattress companies offer convenience,
free shipping and returns, and low prices, while leveraging third-party manufacturing and distribution. Materials used by online mattress
retailers include layers of foam cushioning that are assembled, compressed and folded into a box for distribution. This market is highly
fragmented, commoditized and competitive, with customer purchase decisions based primarily on price. Prior to Purple, there has been little
recent success disrupting the premium market, where the majority of category revenue and profit is realized. Competitors in the premium
market include Tempur Sealy and Sleep Number. 

While e-commerce home goods
purchases have increased over the past five years, traditional brick-and-mortar retailers command a significant part of the market for
mattress products. This part of the retail market is also highly fragmented and competitive. The leading brick-and-mortar specialty mattress
retailers in the United States and Canada are, respectively, Mattress Firm and Sleep Country Canada, both of which Purple has significant
partnerships with. These national retailers compete with both regional and local retailers as well as furniture and department stores.
Purple has also expanded into many of these regional furniture retailers. 

Across these channels, some
key factors that impact competition in our industry include comfort feel, product features, reliable logistics and manufacturing capabilities,
marketing efficacy and efficiency, brand differentiation, expertise of sales associates, customer care, pace of innovation and product
roadmap, price of products and services, financial stability and ability to invest in innovation. 

2 

What Makes Purple Different? 

We believe we have a particular
set of competitive strengths that differentiate and position us for continued success: 

History
of innovation that produced new comfort technology We are a company built on innovation and licensing, with more than 30
years of expertise in comfort innovation. Purple is founded upon decades of history developing innovative comfort solutions, including
the invention of our proprietary and patented Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology. Our breakthrough mattress represents what we believe
to be the first substantive innovation in the sleep product industry since the introduction of memory foam in 1992. We believe that the unique
properties of our technology enable several improvements to existing sleep products that are not addressed by foam, spring and air mattresses. 

Pressure
Relief Our Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology is designed around the science of column buckling which enables our mattresses
to be both firm and soft. This offers support across the body s larger surface areas, such as the back, while providing pressure
relief at local areas or points of pressure, such as the hips and shoulders. We believe Purple s founders were the first to leverage
this technology in mattresses after its success in licensing its proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology to medical manufacturers
for use in wheelchairs, critical care beds and to this day, hospital beds. The resulting feel is often described as buoyant and responsive. 

Temperature
Neutral The Hyper-Elastic Polymer material itself is temperature neutral, with the surface comprised mostly of air, made
from thousands of open-air channels. The channels allow for high airflow and dissipation of heat and vapor. This is the opposite of foam
beds, which absorb heat from the body and then radiate the heat back, constantly increasing the temperature. Our technology allows for
continual sleeping without waking up hot. 

Responsive Unlike
memory foam, which compresses, gets hard and then takes time to recoil, our Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology is instantly responsive
to the body as it moves. It will immediately flex to support the sleeper s position and spring back into place as the sleeper readjusts
during the night. 

Durable Hyper-Elastic
Polymer material is a highly durable gel that we believe is more durable than most foams. The Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology
also has numerous applications beyond mattress products including seat cushions, pillows, and others. The development of the Hyper-Elastic
Polymer technology is only one of numerous innovations we have developed to produce a range of unique and effective comfort products
across the sleep, seat cushion and other categories. 

Proprietary
technologies and manufacturing expertise provide a significant competitive advantage We believe the combination of patent
protection, proprietary manufacturing equipment and decades of accumulated knowledge creates a competitive advantage through barriers
to imitation. We have hundreds of granted or pending patents and hundreds of patent filings that cover current and future products as
well as proprietary manufacturing equipment we have designed and fabricated. In addition to intellectual property protection of key products
and manufacturing capabilities, our team has in depth experience and unique insights derived from inventing and refining proprietary
comfort technologies, machines and products. Our patented and proprietary molding processes and machines allow for large-format injection
molding of gels efficiently and at scale. 

Growing
a brand with a passionate following Our brand mirrors our passion for uncompromising performance, quality and durability,
and our dedication to improving lives by delivering better sleep and better comfort We believe our brand awareness and consideration
rivals category leaders, after only seven years. Our brand has extended beyond awareness of individual products and we have successfully
marketed our full suite of products to customers using our omni-channel strategy. We believe our customers satisfaction with our
product has continued to drive word of mouth recommendations, one of the most persuasive ways customers learn about our
products. 

3 

Balanced, omni-channel distribution strategy We have sought opportunities to expand brand awareness in brick-and-mortar retailers where our beds can be displayed. This is a very different approach from most bed-in-a-box players who seek traditional consumer packaged goods distribution, e.g., boxes on shelves. Our goal is to support the customer wherever and however they want to learn, try, and buy. Whether in wholesale, Purple owned retail showrooms, or our e-commerce channel, we are a leader in the sleep products market. Our flexible return policies and aggressive expansion of wholesale doors and our own showrooms allow for more of our targeted customers to feel and experience our products throughout the purchase process. In our wholesale channel, we sell most of our products through select national and regional retailers as well as a variety of independent retail partners throughout the United States and Canada. As a result, we believe we will drive accelerated growth in the sleep products industry. 

Vertical integration
 enables nimble design, development and execution We design and develop our products in-house and we have extensive
 research and development capabilities led by a team of engineers, industrial designers and marketing specialists. The ability to
 develop and test products in this manner enables us to not only prototype and deploy new ideas, but also design and develop corresponding
 manufacturing equipment and processes. In addition, we continuously refine our production methods to improve product quality and
 enhance efficiency. The resulting real-time feedback cycle is a key differentiator compared to other competitors that outsource many
 of these functions and lack an integrated approach. 

Growth Strategies 

Expansion of the Brand to Premium and Luxe Categories To complement and support our expansion into the higher-priced, higher margin categories, Purple is evolving its differentiated brand to broaden appeal. We are investing in brand demand-driving marketing and advertising to create awareness, engagement, and preference for the Purple brand and for our products across all our sales channels. We also plan on developing a reimagined brand associated with life enhancing sleep. In 2023, we expect to be able to increase effective marketing by 11 over the prior year with an anticipated 40 increase occurring after the launch of our new Premium and Luxe product categories anticipated to occur on May 15 in our showrooms and online and from May to July in our wholesale partners retail stores. This strategic focus and investment will support our growth plans in the wholesale channel, in Purple owned retail showrooms, on Purple.com and online marketplaces, and in particular our Luxe offerings are expected to increase average sales prices significantly. We ll also continue to harness the evangelism of the ever-growing base of Purple owners whose advocacy of our products is one of the brand s greatest strengths. 

Further direct-to-consumer growth and penetration We believe that we are well positioned to leverage our brand, leading product portfolio, vertical integration and strong marketing capabilities to continue to attract new customers via our e-commerce channel. We have invested in substantial improvements to our website, enhancing the education, shopping, and buying experiences, and we have expanded our contact center, enabling live voice, chat and messaging with our sales associates which has driven higher customer satisfaction, higher average order value, and higher conversion. Continued successful execution on Purple.com supports planned e-commerce growth, and growth in all channels given the importance of the site during the customer decision journey. In addition, we currently operate 55 Company showrooms in cities across the U.S. where consumers can experience our brand, learn about and engage with our technology, and purchase our products. We anticipate continual expansion of our showrooms as we optimize the format. 

Expanded wholesale retail relationships We continue to work closely with existing retail partners to increase market share and sales, and we are forming new partnerships to expand our wholesale footprint. With our new Premium and Luxe collections, we believe we have an increased opportunity to tap into the large brick-and-mortar category of the sleep products market. Currently during 2023, we anticipate increasing the number of beds in our approximate 3,400 doors by 1.2 to 1.4 beds per door, on a blended basis, which already is over our initial goal for the year of a 20 increase, and we believe this will contribute an estimated 1,000 to 1,500 per month per incremental slot. We believe this is a result of the developing interest in our Premium and Luxe product categories which allows retailers to place these products as alternatives to other premium products to increase sales on high-end mattresses with materially higher margins for the retailer and Purple. 

Existing product
 innovation We have a rich history of product innovation and have developed core competencies in design, prototyping
 and manufacturing. This vertical integration enables us to continuously refine our existing products and manufacturing processes,
 as well as introduce new offerings, with the potential to attract new customers and drive repeat sales. 

New product launches We have focused intensively on innovation, and we expect to launch more new mattresses in 2023 than all other years of our operations combined to support our long-range growth plan, with more to come. We have a pipeline of future products we are developing. We are constantly exploring new technologies and ways to expand the benefits of our technologies through new product offerings. This includes innovations in mattresses beyond our Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology, an expanded assortment based on the Harmony Pillow that includes new patent-pending technology, other assortment expansion and new products in sleep, comfort and additional categories. 

International expansion We believe there is a substantial opportunity for international expansion, and we expect to find new opportunities as we expand into foreign markets. We entered the Canada market in Q4 2020 via the wholesale retailer Sleep Country Canada and we plan to expand in other foreign markets in the future. We believe that our differentiated products, multi-channel distribution strategy, manufacturing capabilities, vertical integration and marketing expertise will enable us to successfully enter new markets. 

4 

Our Products 

Our current product portfolio is as follows: 

Mattresses Our
 mattresses utilize the unique benefits of our Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology creating a
 one-of-a-kind sleep solution that is breathable to help regulate body temperature and soft
 enough to cradle pressure points while also providing support through localized buckling
 columns. Our Hyper-Elastic Polymer products are manufactured with non-toxic ingredients that
 are third-party tested and free from carcinogenic chemicals. The patented Hyper-Elastic Polymer
 technology is used in all Purple mattresses. The buckling columns in our mattresses instantly
 adapt to your body to cradle your hips and shoulders while supporting your spine s
 natural alignment for uniquely buoyant, supportive comfort. We back up the quality and durability
 of our mattress with a 100-night trial and a ten-year warranty. Beginning in 2023, we will
 have three collections Essentials, Premium, and Luxe, with mattresses ranging from
 our original Purple, to our redesigned and improved Premium and Luxe mattresses, all of which
 include our Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology. 

Pillows We
 currently sell five types of pillows: The Purple Harmony Pillow, the Purple Pillow, the Purple
 Twin Cloud Pillow, the Purple Cloud Pillow and the Kids Pillow. The Purple Harmony
 Pillow is a hybrid, hypoallergenic pillow featuring the world s first and only tapered
 360 Hyper-Elastic Polymer Grid Hex surrounding a soft, responsive Talalay latex core
 for optimal head and neck support. It has a cool-to-the-touch, moisture-wicking breathable
 cover to enhance the benefits of our Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology. It s the ultimate
 balance of soft, cool, and responsive no pressure support. The Purple Pillow is a head-specific
 triangular grid-shape to protect against breaking down or losing shape. The Purple Twin Cloud
 Pillow is a hypoallergenic down-alternative that features our patented cover construction
 which includes two chambers filled with gel fibers that double up for better sleep. The Purple
 Cloud Pillow is filled with hypoallergenic, ultra-fine gel fibers that won t clump,
 trap heat, or flatten over time. The result is plush cushioning that molds to support the
 head and neck. The Kids Pillow is smaller and softer than our original Purple pillow
 and adjusted to fit smaller sleepers. We believe our pillows are unique, with no other products
 in the market like them in appearance, design, functionality or comfort. We also back up
 the quality and durability of our pillows with a 100-night trial and a one-year warranty. 

Sheets We
sell two types of sheets and pillowcases. Made from stretchy and breathable bamboo-based Viscose, our SoftStretch sheets are designed
to maximize the functionality of our mattresses and pillows. We developed our own technology to enable customers to experience the full
performance potential of our mattress (or any other mattress). We also sell more traditional cotton-based Complete Comfort sheets designed
to have cushion enhancing two-way stretch. Our sheet sets include pillowcases that also maximize the unique functionality of our pillows. 

Duvets
and Duvet Covers The Purple TempBalance Duvet insulates yet breathes to deliver an ideal body temperature, all year long. The
Purple PerfectStay Duvet cover offers a unique patent-pending lay-and-zip design that solves the problem of inserting the duvet into
the cover, and ensures the duvet stays put within the cover without ties, pins, or bulky attachments. 

Mattress
Protector Like our sheets, our mattress protector is designed to optimize the functionality of our Hyper-Elastic Polymer
technology in our mattress. Our mattress protector is stretchy and breathable. Our protector is also stain-resistant and machine-washable,
making it easy to clean. 

Bases Our bases have been designed to pair with our mattresses and meet the needs of our customers. Our Purple Ascent Adjustable Base complements our mattresses by adding electrically powered functions, such as adjustable head and foot positions, zero-gravity preset for a near weightless feel, a sitting preset, under-bed lighting and a remote with cradle that provides additional USB ports for device charging. Our Purple Bed Frame is easy to ship and assemble, with no tools required. It has the look of a stylish upholstered bed frame. The supports are made of high-density polyethylene, so they don t creak or make noise like wood supports. Plus, the joints of the Purple Bed Frame are reinforced with nylon buffers to help prevent squeaking. Our Purple Platform Bed Frame is designed specifically for all current Purple bed sizes and offers a high quality, simpler alternative to our more premium offerings. Constructed from lightweight steel, the Purple Platform Bed provides optimal support and prevents the mattress from sagging. Beginning in 2023, we plan to introduce the Purple Premium and Purple Premium Plus smart bases, a new line of smart adjustable bases that are designed to pair with the new mattresses for the ideal Purple sleep experience. 

Seat
Cushions The evolution of our portfolio of seat cushions has resulted from decades of in-house manufacturing experience
including development of proprietary machines and trade secrets, extending the benefits of our Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology. Purple
currently sells four types of seat cushions and one back cushion, all in varying sizes and shapes to meet the needs of our customers. 

5 

Technology 

Technology is key to our unique
position within the sleep products industry. The introduction of our proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer material is the first major innovation
to the consumer mattress category in decades. Mattresses from our competitors are typically manufactured using one or more layers of springs,
standard polyurethane foam, memory foam, air chambers or latex foam. These technologies have existed for decades and are undifferentiated
from competitors within their product type. 

Proprietary Technologies 

The Purple innovation team,
through their scientific journey to get to the root causes of pressure sores, designed the Hyper-Elastic Polymer material and other
proprietary comfort technologies in order to improve the lives of every body. Each different cushioning product line requires
unique molding techniques. 

Our Hyper-Elastic Polymer material
is non-toxic and hypoallergenic. This proprietary material is also durable and will not develop body impressions (compression set)
from use over time. It is elastic and can stretch up to 15 times its original size and return without losing its shape. It sleeps and
sits temperature-neutral and has good ventilation to inhibit moisture build-up. 

Our Hyper-Elastic Polymer
material is both soft and supportive. While the columns in this structure provide support where it is needed, they also buckle where it
is needed to reduce pressure by allowing shoulders and hips to sink into the cushion with reduced force pushing back on those areas of
the body unlike other cushion technologies. The soft and flexible columns also return to their original position as forces lessen and
are capable of immediately providing support. 

Proprietary Machinery 

Internally designed, developed
and built, our patented and proprietary molding machines are the only machines able to mold our Hyper-Elastic Polymer material into
large-format king-sized mattresses at scale. We have modified other molding machines to manufacture additional products containing Hyper-Elastic
Polymer material. We also acquired in the Intellibed acquisition the patented manufacturing machine and process we owned that had
been licensed by our founders, preventing others from obtaining access to that technology. The process of molding our Hyper-Elastic Polymer material
using our molding machinery is proprietary, patent-protected and complex, requiring specific knowledge and expertise to successfully execute
manufacturing. We have vertically integrated with our own machine shop with mechanics and engineers at each of our factories to maintain
our machines and other equipment. Furthermore, we have extensive in-house fabrication capabilities, which enable us to design, manufacture,
install and maintain new equipment as well as optimize the performance and efficiency of our existing machinery based on real-time insights
gained from our vertically integrated operations. 

Marketing 

We have developed a brand that resonates with consumers. Our marketing
efforts are focused on building awareness of the Purple brand and illustrating the unique way our products deliver better sleep and comfort.
We leverage data-driven marketing across all communication channels to engage, acquire, and retain customers. We also amplify the voices
of our evangelical product owners, whose word-of-mouth recommendation is one of our most powerful (and ownable) marketing vehicles. Deep
engagement with current customers enables us to increase additional product sales across our portfolio of offerings. The success we have
achieved through our marketing campaigns has been key to rapidly building our branding and awareness. We plan to launch our elevated
brand positioning with a gradual transition in our wholesale partners stores during the period of May 2023 through July 2023 with
a hard conversion in our owned retails stores and online occurring on May 15, 2023 as we build our premium brand position to grow market
share of the premium mattress category during the second half of 2023. 

Our Sales Channels 

We sell our products via Purple.com,
online marketplaces (e.g., Amazon), our Purple owned retail showrooms, and wholesale retailers. 

Direct-to-Consumer Channel 

Our e-commerce distribution
channel is a critical hub for consumer education and consumer engagement, as well as conversion. We have benefitted from the rapid growth
of the direct-to-consumer channel in the sleep product industry in addition to our differentiated product offering and unique marketing
campaigns. We sell directly to consumers through our website, our customer contact center and online marketplaces. With our website and
customer contact center, we help customers easily engage in relevant content, research our solutions, transact online or via our customer
contact center, or find the nearest retailer. We believe our online experience expands our brand and connections with consumers, enabling
deeper awareness, engagement and brand loyalty. We believe our 100-night trial, ten-year warranty, attractive financing options, strong
customer testimonials and excellent service provide confidence to consumers in buying a mattress. 

6 

We operate 55 Purple owned
retail showrooms across the United States where consumers can experience our brand, learn and engage with our technology and purchase
our products. We plan to continue expanding our showroom footprint across the United States. 

Wholesale Channel 

We sell our assortment of
products through brick-and-mortar and online wholesale partners. We began selling mattresses and other sleep products through our largest
wholesale partner, Mattress Firm, in November 2017 and have continued to expand the number of wholesale partners where our mattresses
and other sleep products are sold. We now sell mattresses through Ashley Furniture, Big Sandy, City Furniture, Furniture Row, HOM Furniture,
Macy s, Mathis Brothers, Mattress Firm, Raymour Flanigan, Rooms To Go, Sleep County Canada and Steinhafels, among others.
We typically have four to five mattress models on the floor. Sales associates have been trained and we believe are effective in educating
consumers regarding our unique benefits as well as shifting the mix upward to our more premium and higher-margin mattresses. We expect
to grow our placements with wholesale partners to give our customers the opportunity to feel the difference of our Hyper-Elastic Polymer
technology for themselves. 

Operations 

Factories, Supply Chain and Manufacturing

We operate factories in Grantsville,
Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah and McDonough, Georgia, which manufacture Purple products. Our factory in Grantsville has approximately
574,000 square-feet and our factory in McDonough, Georgia, which opened to service our customers on the east coast, provides another 844,000
square-feet. At these factories we manufacture our proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer cushioning used in our mattress, pillow and seat
cushion products. We also assemble, package and ship our products from these two facilities. Our facility in Salt Lake City was acquired
as part of the Intellibed acquisition and has approximately 67,000 square feet. This facility manufactures our proprietary Hyper-Elastic
Polymer for assembly in our luxury mattresses. We continually improve our manufacturing processes and create efficiencies in production
through new equipment and process designs and resources. We believe these factories will provide ample room to accommodate our future
growth and expansion plans for the near term. 

We have a number of contract
manufacturers who assemble mattresses and have established a network of third-party logistics providers to help with order fulfillment
across the United States to minimize delivery times and provide white glove service. 

We outsource and resell other
products, including adjustable bases, platform bases, sheets, mattress protectors, blankets and duvets. These products are either designed
in-house or in partnership and are unique to Purple. 

We have relationships with
multiple suppliers for our outsourced products and components. These suppliers may be interchanged in order to maintain quality, cost
and delivery expectations. 

Environmental and Governmental Regulation 

We are subject to numerous
federal, state, local and foreign consumer protection and other laws and regulations applicable to the sleep product industry. These
laws and regulations vary among the states and countries in which we do and intend to do business. For example, in the United States,
we are subject to regulations promulgated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
and other federal agencies that restrict the generation, emission, treatment, storage and disposal of materials, substances and waste.
We are also subject to laws such as the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act,
the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act. Our mattress
products are also subject to fire-retardant standards developed by the State of California, U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and
other jurisdictions where we sell these products. 

As a retailer of sleep and
cushioning products, we are also subject to laws and regulations applicable to retailers generally, including those regulations governing
the marketing and sale of our products and the operation of our e-commerce activities. We are also subject to import and export laws
and regulations to the extent our products and their component parts cross international boundaries. Many of these laws and regulations
are consumer-focused and pertain to safety, truth-in-advertising, promotional offers, privacy, do not call/mail requirements,
warranty disclosure, delivery timing requirements and similar requirements. 

It is our policy and practice
to comply with all applicable domestic and foreign laws and regulations. We have made and will continue to make capital and other expenditures
necessary to comply with these laws and regulations. These expenditures have been immaterial to our financial results. We have not suffered
a material adverse effect from non-compliance with federal, state, local or foreign legislation, but there can be no assurance that material
costs or liabilities will not be incurred in connection with such legislation in the future. 

7 

Research and Development 

In May 2022, we appointed
our first ever Chief Innovation Officer. Our research and development teams are focused primarily on developing new comfort technologies
and products. We have recently announced our three mattress collections including our new line of luxury mattresses. We have an extensive
history of innovation that is core to our culture and key to our continued success. Our inventions have culminated over years of persistent
research and development. We intend to continue to develop and introduce new comfort technologies and products to improve how people live.
Our vertical integration is a key differentiator that enhances the effectiveness of our research and development capabilities. By gaining
real-time feedback, we can integrate these insights into our manufacturing process, digital marketing, products and equipment. In order
to facilitate further innovation and development, we have recently leased a facility that will serve as our new innovation center and
will replace the older and remote facility we previously had in Alpine, Utah. This new facility is located in Draper, Utah, close to our
headquarters and comprises approximately 61,000 square feet. It is expected that we will occupy the building in June of 2023. 

Intellectual Property 

We rely on patent and trademark
protection laws to protect our intellectual property and maintain our competitive position in the marketplace. We hold various domestic
and foreign patents, patent applications, trademarks and trademark applications regarding certain elements of the design, manufacturing
and function of our products. We also maintain protections over proprietary trade secrets. Our intellectual property portfolio is integral
to our continued success in this industry, with respect to our Hyper-Elastic Polymer material as well as our molding processes and machines. 

We own or have the exclusive
right to use hundreds of granted or pending patents and hundreds of patent filings on inventions and designs pertaining to our machines,
processes, mattresses, pillows, seat cushions, packaging techniques and other related existing and future products. Our issued United
States patents that are significant to our operations are expected to expire at various dates up to 2041. 

We have several trademarks
registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), including EquaPressure , WonderGel and
EquaGel (for cushions), and Purple , No Pressure , Hyper-Elastic Polymer ,
Somnigel , Gel Matrix , Matrix , Gelee , Ascent , Softstretch ,
Purple Powerbase , Sleep Genius , Firm and Soft , Intellipillow , and Intellibed 
(for plasticized elastomeric gel and certain types of products including mattresses, seat cushions, bed linen, mattress foundation and
others). Additional registered trademarks include, but are not limited to, Purple Grid , Reinventing Comfort ,
Comfort Reinvented , TwinCloud , Purple Cloud , Purple Pillow , The Purple
Mattress , Purple Hybrid , Purple Hybrid Premier , The Purple Mattress , The
Purple Plus , Gelflex and registration of the color purple as a trademark (for mattresses, pillows,
and seat cushions). Applications are pending for registration of additional trademarks and some of these listed trademarks for additional
classes of goods both in the U.S. and internationally. Our Purple, No Pressure and Hyper-Elastic Polymer trademarks are also registered
and have applications pending for various classes of goods in numerous foreign jurisdictions, some of which include Australia, Canada,
China, Europe, United Kingdom, Japan and Korea. Certain international trademark applications previously resided with EdiZONE, LLC, which
is an entity owned by our founders and were licensed to Purple LLC, and we have taken the necessary steps to have those trademarks assigned
to Purple LLC upon registration. 

We also have a number of common
law trademarks, including Sleep Purple, Live Better , New Day ,
Restore , RestorePlus , RestorePremier ,
Rejuvenate , RejuvenatePlus , RejuvenatePremier ,
Perfectstay , TempBalance , Success Happens Overnight , Overnight Success , Harmony , Purple Harmony Pillow ,
Harmony Pillow , Purple + , Purple Plus , + , Find Comfort , Dreams On Dreams , Reinventing Sleep ,
Gelflex Grid , Gelflex Grid Plus , Purple Ascent , , Purple Squishy , Purple Powerbase Premier ,
Purple Powerbase Plus , Purple Glove , Eidertech , Mattress Max , WonderGel Original , WonderGel Extreme ,
DoubleGel , DoubleGel Plus , DoubleGel Ultra , Roll n Go , Fold N Go , Purple Bed ,
Purple Top , Purple Pillow , Portable Purple , Everywhere Purple , Simply Purple , Lite Purple , Royal
Purple , Double Purple , Deep Purple , Ultimate Purple , Purple Back , EquaGel Straight Comfort ,
EquaGel General , EquaGel Protector , and EquaGel Adjustable . 

Many of the common law marks
have registrations pending with the USPTO and other international jurisdictions. Solely for convenience, we may refer to our trademarks
in this Annual Report without the or symbol, but such references are not intended
to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to our trademarks. 

In addition, we maintain
copyrights, many registered, to past and present versions of purple.com, onpurple.com, equapressure.com, wondergel.com, marketing content,
blogs, logos, graphics, videos and other marketing and promotional materials promoting our products. 

We protect and enforce our intellectual property
rights, including through litigation as necessary. 

8 

Human Capital 

Employees 

At Purple, our focus is to
have our employees develop personally, work with talented teammates, and contribute to the success of Purple while working in a safe environment
and building an authentic culture. We strive to deliver on our promise of improving the lives of our customers by knowing that our most
valuable asset at Purple is our people and their learned institutional knowledge. 

As of March 20, 2023, we had approximately 1,600 employees engaged
in manufacturing, research and development, general corporate functions, wholesale, ecommerce, and Purple owned retail showrooms. Net
of showroom growth, this is down approximately 45 from the end of 2021. 

With the appointment of our
new Chief People Officer in November 2021, Purple s People team now operates under the following five pillars that drive our people
strategy: Acquire Great Talent, Retain and Develop Great Talent, Build and Strengthen the Foundation of an Exceptional People Experience,
Champion an Authentic Values-Based Culture, and Support and Drive the Path to Premium. 

Acquire Great Talent 

We believe our people are
critical for our future success. Therefore, our efforts to acquire great talent begin with inviting the right kind of people to our community.
To support this initiative, we are investing in better recruitment technology to improve our candidate experience. 

Retain and Develop Great Talent 

In 2022, we created Purple s
Center of Excellence, a new resource intended to streamline people operations enterprise-wide, resulting in lower wait times for employees
to receive information, resources, and helping to increase the overall efficiency of operations. We also deployed a newly designed Talent
Management and Succession Planning program in 2022.Through this program, we identified high potential employees that will form our first
mentoring group called the Pinnacle Program, which aims to provide meaningful touchpoints across senior leadership team members and the
future leaders of Purple. 

In addition to improving the
employee experience and constructing a mentorship program, we are also focused on delivering competitive, meaningful, and transparent
compensation and benefits to our employees. 

Build and Strengthen the Foundation of
an Exceptional People Experience 

In July 2022, with the appointment
of our new Chief Operating Officer, our top priority has been to take action to promote the safety of our employees through various safety
initiatives. We retooled our on-site safety departments and modeled them after Safety, Health, and Environment SHE requirements. 

In addition, we continue to
invest in new technology to improve communication and enhance our human resource information system functionality to support manager and
employee self-service. Paired with our continued dedication to creating shared experiences for employees to connect and build real relationships
with those they work with, we believe these efforts will result in a more rewarding employee experience. 

9 

Champion an Authentic Values-Based Culture 

After our cost restructuring
in early 2022, we worked to rebuild our Purple culture. Through executive support and sponsorship, we hosted an employee-led committee
that created six new values. Our value roll-out campaign included a roadshow, where all executive senior leadership members as well as
committee members met on-site at our facilities in Utah and Georgia, alongside virtual all-hands meetings for our wholesale and retail
employees. We plan to continue this work in 2023 with events, trainings, and internal branding. 

Support and Drive the Path to Premium 

In repositioning to a premium
brand, we will rely heavily on our employees to support and drive success. In 2022, we allocated additional resources to our growing wholesale
and retail teams. Additionally, with the launch of our new products and wholesale partnerships, we successfully deployed extensive training
for our employees and external partners. We believe these efforts have equipped our sales channels with the needed expertise to position
our products in the premium category. 

Our History 

Purple was created by two
brothers that set out to revolutionize the comfort space. One in manufacturing and design, and the other an advanced aerospace scientist,
the brothers embarked on a partnership in the early 1990s to put together a team to develop cushioning solutions for wheelchairs and medical
beds. They later created what we call Hyper-Elastic Polymer an elastomeric polymer that can stretch up to 15x its resting size
and never lose shape or function. Our proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer technology has since been used in mattresses, seat cushions and
pillows. 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.purple.com.
We make available, free of charge on our Investor Relations website, investors.purple.com, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,as amended (the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

We also use our Investor
Relations website, investors.purple.com, as a channel of distribution of additional Purple information that may be deemed material. Accordingly,
investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts.
The contents of our website shall not be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. 

10 

Information About Our Executive Officers 

As of the date of this report,
our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Robert T. DeMartini 
 
 61 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Bennett L. Nussbaum 
 
 75 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 Casey K. McGarvey 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
 
 Eric S. Haynor 
 
 59 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Jeffrey L. Hutchings 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Innovation Officer 
 
 Jeffery S. Kerby 
 
 54 
 
 Chief of Owned Retail Officer 
 
 Keira M. Krausz 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Marketing Officer 
 
 John J. Roddy IV 
 
 55 
 
 Chief People Officer 

Executive Officers 

Robert T. DeMartini has
served as Chief Executive Officer since January 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. DeMartini, served as president and chief
executive officer of USA Cycling, Inc., the official U.S. Olympic Paralympic Committee governing body for all disciplines of competitive
cycling in the United States, from 2019 until 2021. He previously served as president and chief executive officer of New Balance Athletic
Shoes (U.K.) Ltd., from 2018 to 2019 and as president and chief executive officer of New Balance Athletics, Inc. from 2007 to 2018, each
a business unit of New Balance, Inc. a leading manufacturer and retailer of athletic footwear, apparel and accessories. From 1982 through
2007 Mr. DeMartini held various leadership positions with Procter Gamble, The Gillette Company, and Tyson Foods, Inc. He also currently
serves on the boards of Welch s Foods and Q30 Innovations/Q30 Sports Canada, and formerly served on the boards of Advanced Functional
Fabrics of America, The American Apparel Footwear Association, and Aloha. Mr. DeMartini received a Bachelor of Science degree in
Finance from San Diego State University. He is well qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive operational and management background. 

Bennett L. Nussbaum 
has served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer CFO since August 2021. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Nussbaum served
as the Interim Chief Financial Officer of American Megatrends, Inc., from 2019 to 2020. During that period he also served as Operating
Partner of HGGC, LLC, from 2017 to 2020. He also served as Interim CFO at 4over, Inc., from 2017 to 2018. From 2016 to 2017 he was the
Chief Financial Officer of American Apparel, LLC. He currently serves on the advisory board for the W. Edwards Deming Center for Quality,
Productivity, and Competitiveness at the Columbia University Graduate School of Business, a position he has held since 2011. Mr. Nussbaum
previously served on the boards of directors of The Collected Group, LLC, from 2018 to 2019, Charlotte Russe, Inc., from 2018 to 2019,
and BCBGMAXAZRIA, LLC, during 2017. Mr. Nussbaum has extensive leadership and stakeholder management expertise and has led multibillion-dollar
publicly traded and private equity-owned businesses through turnarounds, transitions and accelerated growth. Mr. Nussbaum is a graduate
of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with a BS in Economics and holds an MBA from Columbia University in New York,
NY. 

Casey K. McGarvey has
served as the Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel of Purple LLC since its inception in 2010 as WonderGel, LLC. He also has served
as Corporate Secretary of Purple Inc. since the Business Combination. From 2008 until the Business Combination, he also has served as
General Counsel of various affiliated technology companies owned by the founders, including EdiZONE, LLC, focused on developing advanced
cushioning technology. Mr. McGarvey has a deep knowledge of the Company and its technologies and intellectual property. Prior to joining
EdiZONE and Purple LLC, Mr. McGarvey was a shareholder, partner or of counsel at several law firms during which, among other things, he
litigated and advised businesses on the protection of their patents and trademarks and other business matters. Mr. McGarvey has the following
degrees, each from the University of Utah, a Bachelor of Arts and Honors, Bachelor in political science with a Certificate in public administration,
a Juris Doctor and an Executive Masters of Business Administration. 

11 

Eric S. Haynor has
served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company since June 2022. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Haynor spent most of his career
with Ecolab in a variety of end-to-end supply chain roles. From August 2019 until he joined the Company in June 2022 he served as Sr.
Vice President, Industrial Supply Chain providing strategic direction for eight Industrial business units. Prior to that he held the role
of Vice President, Global Equipment Operations and Strategy from June 2015 to August 2019. From August 2009 to June 2015, Mr. Haynor led
Ecolab s EMEA Supply Chain Operations and from April 2005 to August 2009 he led Ecolab s Asia Pacific Supply Chain Operations.
His early career was spent in a variety of developmental supply chain roles. Mr. Haynor is a graduate of Michigan State University and
holds a BS degree in Mechanical Engineering, with honors. 

Jeffrey L. Hutchings 
has served as the Chief Innovation Officer of the Company since May 2022. Mr. Hutchings has more than twenty years of experience in strategic
business leadership in innovation, new product introduction and quality assurance. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hutchings served
as Chief Product Officer at Skullcandy Inc. since December 2018 and as Vice President of Product from June 2015 to December 2018. Prior
to that from July 2010 to June 2015, Mr. Hutchings served in various engineering and director roles at HARMAN International Mr. Hutchings
holds a BS in Computer Engineering from University of Utah. 

Jeffery S. Kerby has
served as the Chief of Owned Retail Officer of the Company since January 2023. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kerby served as Vice
President, Head of Stores of Sephora since May 2019, responsible for leading 86 stores throughout Canada. From March 2018 to January 2019,
he served as the Senior Regional Director of American Eagle where he led American Eagle/Aerie stores in the Midwest U.S. and Canada with
225 stores. Prior to joining American Eagle, Mr. Kerby was with L Brands LaSensa from February 2017 to March 2018. Prior to that,
Mr. Kerby was the Vice President, Head of Stores/Store Operations for L Brands Victoria s Secret International from June
2015 to September 2016. From October 2008 to June 2015, Mr. Kerby grew from Director to Associate Vice President, Head of Stores for Bath
and Body Works. Mr. Kerby holds a BS from Washington State University s School of Communications. 

Keira M. Krausz has
served as Chief Marketing Officer since November 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Krausz was Chief Marketing Officer of HealthPlanOne,
a digital health distribution platform from August 2020 to October 2022. From February 2013 to February 2020, Ms. Krausz was the
EVP and Chief Marketing Officer, then President, of Nutrisystem. Prior to Nutrisystem, she held a progression of leadership roles
in consumer marketing at Time Inc. and the Reader s Digest Association, Inc. She serves on the board of the BioBuilder Educational
Foundation. Past board roles include Second Nature Brands and the Association of National Advertisers. Ms. Krausz attended
Cornell University as an undergraduate and received her MBA from Dartmouth College. 

John J. Roddy IV has
served as Chief People Officer of the Company since October 2021. Mr. Roddy brings to the Company over 20 years of experience in
culture transformation, talent development, organization design and change leadership. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Roddy
served as the Chief People Officer for VASA Fitness since 2018. Prior to that he was the Chief Human Resources Officer for SeaWorld Parks
and Entertainment from 2016 to 2018. From 2012 to 2016, Mr. Roddy was the Senior Vice President of Human Resources for Luxottica Group.
Prior to joining Luxottica Group, he was the Vice President of Human Resources for Starbucks Corporation from 2004 to 2012. Mr.
Roddy holds a master s degree from Columbia University on Organizational Psychology and a bachelor s degree in Organizational
Behavior from Brigham Young University Hawaii. 

12 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The risk factors summarized
and detailed below could materially harm our business, operating results and/or financial condition, impair our future prospects and/or
cause the price of our common stock to decline. Any defined terms used in the Risk Factor Summary are defined in the full Risk Factors.
These are not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also
affect our business if they occur. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but
are not necessarily limited to, those relating to: 

Risk Factor Summary 

Risks Relating to Our Operations 

Significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, and our short operating history in an evolving industry; 

Coliseum Capital Management, LLC s unsolicited proposal to acquire the remaining outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock not owned by them and its attempt to take control of, or effect changes to, the Company through a proxy contest for control of the Board; 

Ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms or at all; 

Unsuccessful anticipation of consumer trends and demand, and competition in a highly competitive industry, and substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in e-commerce; 

Lack of availability or increase cost of raw materials, labor, components, and shipping services; 

Changes in economic conditions such as inflationary trends and significant strain of managing the growth of our business; 

Our relationship with Silicon Valley Bank, with which we have cash accounts, credit card processing, and amounts available under the 2020 Credit Agreement; 

Disruption of operations in manufacturing facilities, including pandemics or natural disasters, and risks associated with use of heavy machinery and equipment; 

Inability to identify, complete or successfully integrate acquisitions, and any acquisitions that we do make may not achieve the anticipated financial benefits; 

Changes in accounting standards and assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters; 

Our ability to continue to improve and expand our product line and our expansion into new products, market segments and geographic regions; 

The strength of our Purple brand, the effectiveness of our marketing, and our ability to attract and retain customers and our ability to achieve and maintain production capacity to meet customer demands; 

Our significant related-party transactions that may give rise to conflicts of interest; 

Ability to make, integrate, and maintain commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships; 

13 

Any reduction in the availability of credit to consumers, maintaining desirable amounts of material and product inventory, and ability to provide timely delivery to our customers; 

Dependence on a few key employees; 

Failure to maintain internal controls and the potential impact of making material misstatements on financial results and reporting; and 

Need to implement additional finance and accounting systems, and failure of or disruptions to our information technology systems; 

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic including its effect on our supply chain, workforce, and operations, and the COVID-19 pandemic effect on customer demand. 

Regulatory and Litigation Risks 

Regulatory requirements requiring costly expenditures and exposure to liability, some of which are specific to the manufacture and disposal of mattresses; 

Income tax, sales tax or other tax liabilities; 

Proposed legislation including changes to tax law and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022; and 

Litigation related to PRPLS (defined below). 

Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property
and Use of Technology 

Ability to protect our brand, product designs and other proprietary rights both domestically and internationally, and claims that we or our licensors have infringed the proprietary rights of others; 

Purple LLC s license of intellectual property to EdiZONE, LLC; and 

Ability to keep pace with rapid technological developments and failure to protect sensitive employee, customer and consumer data. 

Risks Relating to Our Organizational Structure 

Volatility of Class A common stock; 

Anti-takeover provisions in Delaware law and our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, provisions in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation making it difficult for investors to bring legal action against us or our directors or officers, provisions in our Second Amendment and Restated Certificate of Incorporation limiting a stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum, and the restrictions under our Rights Agreement (defined below), which may have the effect of discouraging unsolicited takeover proposals; 

Future sales of our Class A common Stock by our existing shareholders that may cause stock prices to fall, and dilution or other impairment of rights as a result of the issuance of additional shares; 

Ownership of Purple LLC as our only significant asset and its effect on our ability to pay dividends or make distributions or loans or satisfy other financial obligations; 

Not anticipating paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future; 

Level of indebtedness could limit our operational and financial flexibility, and issuance of additional debt or securities without stockholder approval; and 

14 

Tax Risks Relating to Our Structure 

Requirement to pay InnoHold, LLC InnoHold 80 of the tax benefits under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and possible acceleration or changes in payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement; and 

Ability to realize all or a portion of the tax benefits that are expected to result from the acquisition of Units from holders of Purple LLC Class B Units, unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns, and ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes. 

Risks Relating to Our Operations 

We have in the past experienced and may
in the future experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, which could make our future results of operations
difficult to predict or cause our results of operations to fall below analysts and investors expectations. 

Our quarterly and annual results
of operations have fluctuated in the past and we expect our future results of operations to fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many
of which are beyond our control. Fluctuations in our results of operations could cause our performance to fall below the expectations
of analysts and investors, and adversely affect the price of our common stock. Because our business is changing and evolving rapidly,
our historical results of operations may not be necessarily indicative of our future results of operations. Factors that may cause our
results of operations to fluctuate include, but are not limited to, the following: 

changes in demand for our products, whether caused by changes in customer confidence or preferences, infringing products, disruption to our sales channels, inflation, or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies; 

disruptions or delays in or increased costs for our production and shipping of our products; 

failures in our manufacturing equipment; 

supply chain constraints, including the availability of raw materials in a timely manner; 

costs of employee recruiting and retention; 

changes in the pricing or availability of advertising; 

changes in our capital expenditures; 

costs related to acquisitions of businesses or technologies and development of new products; 

the introduction of new technologies or products by our competitors; 

general political, economic and business conditions worldwide, including political or social unrest; 

disruption of our physical facilities or those of our wholesale partners due to social unrest or other issues; 

the impact of natural disasters on our manufacturing facilities and supply chain; 

changes to our executive leadership or our Board; 

actions of activist investors that divert our attention and resources; 

the loss of key strategic relationships with partners; and 

the cost of recapitalization. 

In addition, we rely on estimates
and forecasts of our expenses and revenues to provide guidance and inform our business strategies, and some of our past estimates and
forecasts have not been accurate. The evolving nature of our business makes forecasting operating results difficult. If we fail to accurately
forecast our expenses and revenues, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may suffer, and the value of
our business may decline. If our estimates and forecasts prove incorrect, we may not be able to adjust our operations quickly enough to
respond to lower-than-expected sales which, for example, could result in higher than anticipated inventory levels, or higher-than-expected
expenses which, for example, could be the result of building excess capacity. 

15 

Based upon the factors above
and others beyond our control, we have a limited ability to forecast our future revenue, costs and expenses. If we fail to meet or exceed
the operating results expectations of analysts and investors or if analysts and investors have estimates and forecasts of our future performance
that are unrealistic or that we do not meet, the market price of our common stock could decline. In addition, if one or more of the analysts
who cover us adversely change their recommendation regarding our stock, the market price of our common stock could decline. 

Any disruption of our operations,
and related impacts on our operating results, could also adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock, which could result
in securities litigation. Such litigation could result in substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our
core business, and adversely affect our business. 

You should consider our business
in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter, as described above and elsewhere in this Risk Factors section.
If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, our business and operating results will be adversely affected. 

Coliseum Capital
Management, LLC has indicated their intention to nominate a majority of director nominees at the 2023 annual meeting of our shareholders
and responding to such nomination proposal could require us to devote significant resources to this proposal. 

On September 17, 2022,
Coliseum Capital Management, LLC, on behalf of its funds and managed accounts (individually CCM and collectively Coliseum ),
our largest shareholder, delivered to us an unsolicited bid to acquire the remaining outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and
Class B common stock not already beneficially owned by Coliseum for 4.35 per share in cash (the Proposal ). In response,
the Company formed a special committee of independent directors (the Special Committee to evaluate the Proposal. On January
12, 2023, the Company issued a press release stating that the Special Committee had rejected Coliseum s Proposal. 

On
January 13, 2023, Coliseum submitted a letter to the chairman of the Board setting forth a cooperation proposal (the Cooperation
Proposal ). On January 16, 2023, the Special Committee responded to the Cooperation Proposal. 

On
January 17, 2023, Coliseum filed a Schedule 13D/A with the SEC indicating that, in the absence of an agreement, Coliseum intended to nominate
a slate of directors for election at the 2023 annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company 2023 Annual Meeting ), which
slate would constitute a majority of the Board. On January 19, 2023, the Company issued a press release stating the position of the Special
Committee with respect to the Coliseum proposal. 

On
February 13, 2023, Coliseum submitted a notice of its intention to nominate four persons to the Board, replacing four of the seven member
Board and retaining only Mr. DeMartini, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Gray, CCM s manager, and one of the existing
non-executive directors.. In response, on February 13, 2023, the Company issued a press release expressing the Special Committee s
response and position with respect to Coliseum s proposal. 

On
February 14, 2023, the Special Committee announced a dividend of one new Proportional Representation Preferred Linked Stock PRPLS for each 100 shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, with each PRPLS having 10,000 votes. Holders of PRPLS are entitled
to allocate votes in director elections on a cumulative basis and accordingly will have the opportunity to vote for proportional representation
on the Board at the 2023 Annual Meeting. 

On
February 21, 2023, Coliseum filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery captioned Coliseum Capital Management, LLC et al. v.
Pano Anthos et al. , Case No. 2023-0220-PAF (Del. Ch. Feb. 21, 2023), purporting to challenge the issuance of PRPLS and alleging that,
among other things, the issuance of PRPLS deprived stockholders of a fair and democratic election of directors at the 2023 Annual Meeting,
and other related allegations. 

On March 9, 2023, the Special Committee offered Coliseum a settlement
proposal that included the following provisions, (i) Coliseum would have the right to identify three of the six non-management members
of a seven-member board, (ii) the other three non-management seats would be filled by two existing independent directors and a new director
who is a significant shareholder. In addition to Dawn Zier, who already announced her intention not to stand for election at the 2023
Annual Meeting due to other commitments, two other current directors would retire at or before the 2023 Annual Meeting, (iii) Coliseum
managing partner Adam Gray would become Chairman of the Board, (iv) the Special Committee would name one of the existing incumbent independent
directors as Lead Independent Director, and (v) Coliseum would commit to customary standstill provisions to provide stability for the
Company for approximately 18 months. On March 16, 2023, the Special Committee announced that Coliseum has rejected the settlement proposal. 

16 

There
can be no assurance that Coliseum and the Company will come to an agreement to avoid a proxy contest in connection with the 2023 Annual
Meeting. In addition, Coliseum s nomination of a slate of competing directors for election at the 2023 Annual Meeting may require
us to devote significant additional resources and time that would otherwise be directed to our business and operations or may demotivate
current executives and discourage other executives from joining the Company. In addition, Coliseum s actions could cause the price
of our Class A common stock to change based on investors perceptions of Coliseum s actions and Coliseum s influence
over the Company and our Board. Any subsequent proposals by Coliseum could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock and
may cause it to decrease in the future. 

We may need additional capital to execute
our business plan and fund operations and may not be able to obtain such capital on acceptable terms or at all. 

In
connection with the development and expansion of our business, we expect to incur significant capital and operational expenses. We believe
that we can increase our sales and net income by implementing a growth strategy that focuses on (i) increasing our manufacturing
efficiency; (ii) increasing our marketing; (iii) expanding our distribution channels; (iv) elevating the premium customer
experience of our products; (v) opening additional Purple owned retail showrooms; (vi) expanding our global sales; (vii) engaging
global partners to improve distribution efficiencies and cost savings; and (viii) product assortment and category expansion. 

Our
ability to obtain other capital resources and sources of liquidity may not be sufficient to support future growth strategies. If we are
unable to satisfy our liquidity and capital resource requirements, we may have to scale back, postpone or discontinue our growth strategies,
which could result in slower growth or no growth, and we may run the risk of losing key suppliers, we may not be able to timely satisfy
customer orders, and we may not be able to retain our employees. In addition, we may be forced to restructure our obligations to creditors,
pursue work-out options or other protective measures. 

While we have access to a
 50 million revolving credit facility (as amended, the 2020 Credit Agreement under our financing arrangement with
KeyBank National Association and a group of financial institutions (the Institutional Lenders ), our ability to access such
funds is subject to certain conditions and restrictive covenants. Further, our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms
or at all is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including approval from the Institutional Investors under the 2020 Credit Agreement.
Adequate alternative financing may not be available or, if available, may only be available on unfavorable terms or subject to covenants
that we may not be able to satisfy. 

Our operating and financial
results for the year ended December 31, 2021, did not satisfy our financial and performance covenants required pursuant to the 2020 Credit
Agreement. In order to avoid a breach of such covenants and related default, on February 28, 2022, prior to the covenant compliance certification
date under the 2020 Credit Agreement, we entered into the first amendment of the 2020 Credit Agreement. Subsequently, we entered into
additional amendments and may have to entered into further amendments to avoid non-compliance with financial covenants. For example, on
February 17, 2023, we entered into a fifth amendment to the 2020 Credit Agreement that eliminated our term loan and reduced the amount
we can access from the revolving credit facility from 55 million to 50 million and subjects us to certain restrictive covenants, including
compliance with certain EBITDA and financial ratio covenants, with which we may not be able to comply. There is no assurance we will obtain
the capital we require. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fund our future operations or growth strategies. 

To the extent that future
or additional waivers and amendments are necessary, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to obtain waivers or further amendments
from the lenders under the 2020 Credit Agreement if, in the future, we are unable to comply with the covenants and other terms of the
2020 Credit Agreement. Our failure to satisfy the required conditions under the amendment or maintain compliance with the financial and
performance covenants under the 2020 Credit Agreement could result in a default, which would adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations, including as a result of acceleration of our outstanding debt. In addition, any default under the 2020 Credit
Agreement would adversely affect our ability to obtain alternative financing. 

17 

Future
equity or debt financings may require us to also issue warrants or other equity securities that are likely to be dilutive to our existing
stockholders. For example, on February 13, 2023, we completed an offering of our Class A Shares that increased the number of outstanding
Class A Shares from 91,380,323 to 104,780,323. Newly issued securities may include preferences or superior voting rights or may be combined
with the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which each may have additional dilutive effects. Furthermore, we may incur
substantial costs in pursuing future capital and financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and
distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities
we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will adversely impact our financial condition. If we cannot raise additional
funds on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to carry out all or parts of our long-term growth strategy, maintain our growth
and competitiveness or continue in business. 

We may not be able
to successfully anticipate consumer trends and demand and our failure to do so may lead to loss of consumer acceptance of the products
we sell, resulting in reduced net sales. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to changing trends and consumer demands in a timely manner. Changes in
consumers tastes and trends and the resulting change in our product mix, as well as failure to offer our consumers multiple avenues
for purchasing our products, could adversely affect our business and operating results. For example, as retail stores reopened following
the elimination or easing of restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, consumers shifted away from online retail purchases
towards brick-and-mortar shopping. Our gross profit margins for sales through wholesale customers are lower than those in our DTC channel
and, as a result, this shift in customer preference has and may continue to adversely impact our gross profit margins. 

Further,
general macroeconomic conditions, including persistent inflation, has and may continue to adversely affect consumer demand for our products,
which are generally priced at a premium. Any reductions in consumer demand for our products has and may continue to adversely affect our
sales and financial position. For example, consumers have recently begun shifting spending to services and experiences. Such shifts in
spending could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position, particularly as we introduce our luxury products, which
are priced at higher price points. 

If
we fail to identify and respond to emerging trends, consumer acceptance of the products we manufacture and sell and our image with current
or potential customers may be harmed, which could reduce our net sales. If we misjudge market trends, we may significantly overstock inventory
and be forced to take significant inventory markdowns, which would have a negative impact on our gross profit and cash flow. Conversely,
shortages of inventory or time to fulfillment of our products that prove popular could also reduce our sales. 

We operate in a highly competitive sleep
products industry, and if we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose customers and our sales may decline. 

The sleep products industry
is highly competitive and fragmented. We face competition from many manufacturers (including competitors that primarily manufacture and
import from China and other low-cost countries), traditional brick-and-mortar retailers and online retailers, including direct-to-consumer competitors.
Participants in the sleep products industry compete primarily on price, quality, brand name recognition, product availability and product
performance and compete across a range of distribution channels. The highly competitive nature of the sleep products industry means we
are continually subject to the risk of loss of market share, loss of significant customers, reductions in margins, and the inability to
acquire new customers. 

We are in the process of introducing
new product models in the luxury mattress market. We have limited experience in such market and may not be able to compete effectively
with other manufacturers who have more experience and established reputations in such market. If we are unable to compete effectively
in the luxury market, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

A number of our significant
competitors offer products that compete directly with our products, and such direct competition is increasing. Any such competition by
established manufacturers and retailers or new entrants into the market could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results. Sleep product industry manufacturers and retailers are seeking to increase their channels of distribution
and are looking for new ways to reach the consumer. Many newer competitors in the mattress industry have begun to offer products directly
to consumers through the Internet and other distribution channels. Many of our competitors source their products from countries such as
China and Vietnam, where the costs may be lower than our costs. Companies providing for the distribution of mattresses online or through
retail stores, such as Mattress Firm, Amazon and Walmart, also have begun to offer competing products in their respective channels. In
addition, retailers outside the U.S. have integrated vertically in the furniture and sleep product industries, and it is possible that
retailers may acquire other retailers or may seek to vertically integrate in the U.S. by acquiring a mattress manufacturer. 

18 

Many of our current and potential
competitors may have substantially greater financial support, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer operating
histories, greater name recognition, mature distribution methods, and more established relationships in the industry than we do and sell
products through broader and more established distribution channels. These competitors, or new entrants into the market, may compete aggressively
and gain market share with existing or new products, and may pursue or expand their presence in the sleep products industry. We cannot
be sure we will have the resources or expertise to compete successfully in the future. We have limited ability to anticipate the timing
and scale of new product introductions, advertising campaigns or new pricing strategies by our competitors, which could inhibit our ability
to retain or increase market share, or to maintain our product margins. Our current and potential competitors may secure better terms
from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. Also,
due to the large number of competitors and their wide range of product offerings, we may not be able to continue to differentiate our
products through value, styling or functionality from those of our competitors. Our products are also typically heavier than others and
some markets we wish to expand into will not support delivery of our heavy products through parcel services or other affordable home delivery
services, limiting our ability to serve the market. 

In addition, the barriers
to entry into the retail sleep product industry are relatively low. New or existing sleep product retailers could enter our markets and
increase the competition we face. Competition in existing and new markets may also prevent or delay our ability to gain relative market
share. Any of the developments described above could have a material adverse effect on our planned growth and future results of operations. 

We will face different market
dynamics and competition as we develop new products to expand our presence in our target markets. In some markets, our future competitors
may have greater brand recognition and broader distribution than we currently enjoy. We may not be as successful as our competitors in
generating revenues in those markets due to the lack of recognition of our brands, lack of customer acceptance, lack of product quality
history and other factors. As a result, any new expansion efforts could be costlier and less profitable than our efforts in our existing
markets. If we are not as successful as our competitors are in our target markets, our sales could decline, our margins could be impacted
negatively and we could lose market share, any of which could materially harm our business. 

If we are unable to effectively compete with
other manufacturers and retailers of mattresses, pillows, cushions, and our other products our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial
condition may be adversely impacted. 

Substantial and increasingly intense competition
worldwide in e-commerce may harm our business. 

Consumers who might purchase
our products from us online have a wide variety of alternatives for purchasing competing mattresses, pillows and cushions, including traditional
brick and mortar retailers (as well as the online and mobile operations of these traditional retailers), other online direct to consumer retailers
and their related mobile offerings, online and offline classified services, online retailer platforms, such as Amazon.com, and other shopping
channels, such as offline and online home shopping networks. 

The Internet and mobile networks
provide new, rapidly evolving and intensely competitive channels for the sale of all types of goods and services, including products that
compete directly with our products. Consumers who purchase mattresses, pillows and cushions through us have more and more alternatives,
and merchants have more online channels to reach consumers. We expect competition to continue to intensify. Online and offline businesses
increasingly are competing with each other and our competitors include a number of online and offline retailers with significant resources,
large user communities and well-established brands. Moreover, the barriers to entry into these channels can be low, and businesses easily
can launch online sites or mobile platforms and applications at nominal cost by using commercially available software or partnering with
successful e-commerce companies. As we respond to changes in the competitive environment, we may, from time to time, make pricing,
service or marketing decisions or acquisitions that may be controversial with and lead to dissatisfaction among our customers, which could
reduce activity on our platform and harm our profitability. 

In addition, sellers in our
industry are increasingly utilizing multiple sales channels, including the acquisition of new customers by paying for search-related advertisements
on horizontal search engine sites, such as Google, Yahoo!, Naver and Baidu. We use product search engines and paid search advertising
to help users find our sites, but these services also have the potential to divert users to other online shopping destinations. Consumers
may choose to search for products with a horizontal search engine or shopping comparison website, and such sites may also send users to
other shopping destinations. 

E-commerce customers have
come to expect improved user experience, greater ease of buying goods, lower (or no) shipping costs, faster delivery times and more favorable
return policies from e-commerce sellers. Also, certain platform businesses, many of whom are larger than us or have greater capitalization,
have a dominant and secure position in other industries or certain significant markets, and offer a broader variety of sleep product industry
products to consumers and retailers that we do not offer. If we are unable to change our product offerings in ways that reflect the changing
demands of e-commerce and mobile commerce marketplaces, particularly the higher growth of sales of fixed-price items and higher
expected service levels or compete effectively with and adapt to changes in larger platform businesses, our business will suffer. 

19 

Some of our e-commerce competitors
offer a significantly broader range of products and services than we do. Competitors with other revenue sources may be able to devote
more resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote more resources to website, mobile
platforms and applications and systems development than we can. Other direct to consumer retailers and e-commerce competitors
may offer or continue to offer faster shipping, free shipping, delivery on Sunday, same-day delivery, favorable return policies
or other transaction-related services which improve the user experience on their sites and which could be impractical or inefficient for
us to match. Competitors may be able to innovate faster and more efficiently, and new technologies may increase competitive pressure by
enabling competitors to offer more efficient or lower-cost services. 

We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry
and, as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance. 

We
have a limited operating history which makes it difficult to assess our future performance. We have encountered and will continue to encounter
risks and difficulties frequently experienced by young companies in rapidly developing and changing industries, including, but not limited
to, inconsistent financial results, challenges in forecasting accuracy, determining appropriate investments of our limited resources,
market acceptance of our products and services and future products and services, competition from new and established companies, including
those with greater financial and technical resources, enhancing our products and services and developing new products and services. 

Lack of availability and quality of raw
materials, labor, components, and shipping services, or increases in the cost of such inputs, could cause and has caused delays that could
result in our inability to provide goods to our customers or could increase our costs, either of which could decrease our earnings. 

In
manufacturing products, we use various commodity components, such as polyurethane foam, oil, spring units, ingredients for our Hyper-Elastic
Polymer material, our water-based adhesive and other raw materials. Because we are dependent on outside suppliers for our raw materials,
lack of availability and quality could have a negative effect on our cost of sales and our ability to meet our customers demands.
Competitive and marketing pressures may prevent us from passing along price increases to our customers, and the inability to meet our
customers demands could cause us to lose sales. 

Some
components, such as foam and spring units, are widely used in our industry. Shortages in such components, due to any reason including
increase in demand, weather events, supply chain difficulties within the supplier or otherwise, could adversely affect our production
capacity and financial results. If we were unable to obtain raw materials and components from suppliers, we would have to find replacement
suppliers. Any new arrangements for raw materials and components might not be on favorable terms, if we are able to enter into new arrangements
at all. If a supplier for a component failed to supply such component in required amounts this could significantly interrupt production
and increase costs. 

Even
if we are able to obtain raw materials and other production inputs in a timely manner, supply chain constraints, inflation, and other
factors may increase the costs of shipping, raw materials, labor, and other production and operational resources. We have experienced
and may continue to experience increases in the cost of core materials and labor needed to manufacture our products. Such cost increases
could adversely impact our production capacity and efficiency and reduce our gross margins and earnings. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic, including measures taken in response by governments and businesses worldwide to contain its spread, and general economic
conditions have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact global supply chain, manufacturing, and logistics operations.
Shipping and freight costs and delays have also been increasing as port closures, port congestion, and shipping container and ship shortages
have increased. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic and other events result in continuation or worsening of manufacturing and shipping
delays and constraints, our suppliers of raw materials and other components may have difficulty obtaining and providing the materials
we require to manufacture our products or may increase the costs of such materials, which could adversely affect our earnings and our
ability to acquire and maintain adequate inventory and meet demand for our products. Any significant delay or interruption in our supply
chain, or our inability to obtain substitute components or materials from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could
impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and could harm our business. The COVID-19 pandemic also disrupted our relationship
with employees as a result of furloughs, government programs that resulted in employees not returning to work, higher wages paid by competing
employers incentivizing our employees to leave, and an increased general demand for labor. These increased costs or inability to obtain
sufficient labor also could harm out business. 

20 

Changes in economic conditions, including inflationary
trends in the price of our input costs, such as raw materials and labor, and impacts on our consumers, could adversely affect our business
and financial results. 

The
bedding industry is subject to volatility in the price of petroleum-based and steel products, which affects the cost of certain raw materials.
For example, the war in the Ukraine has negatively impacted petroleum supplies and prices worldwide. The price and availability of these
raw materials are subject to market conditions affecting supply and demand. Given the significance of the cost of these materials to our
products, volatility in the prices of the underlying commodities can significantly affect profitability. 

We
have experienced and may continue to experience, volatility and increases in the price of certain of these raw materials as a result of
a global market and supply chain disruptions, continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the broader inflationary environment. 

In
addition, persistent inflation has and may continue to erode consumer discretionary spending. Reductions in consumer discretionary spending
have and we anticipate will continue to adversely affect demand for our products. 

We have cash accounts, credit card processing
and a borrowing relationship with Silicon Valley Bank, which was recently closed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. As a result,
we may not be able to access the full amount of our cash on a timely basis or at all, may experience interruptions to our credit card
processing, and may lose access to amounts available to us under the 2020 Credit Agreement. 

On March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation announced
that Silicon Valley Bank SVB had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, at which
time we held cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of approximately 4.2 million at SVB. While we have regained access to our accounts
at SVB, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to transfer such funds in a timely manner, or at all. The closure of SVB or any
other financial institution with which we maintain cash could adversely affect our ability to access cash balances. If we are unable to
access our cash as needed, our financial position and ability to operate our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we engage
SVB to process credit card payments received in connection with purchases through our website. While we have regained our ability to process
credit card payments through SVB, if in the future we are unable to process such payments or if payments received through our website
are not available due to the closure of SVB or any other financial institution through which we process credit card payments, our financial
position and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, SVB is one of the Institutional Lenders under the 2020 Credit
Agreement, with 7.25 million of the 50.0 million revolving line of credit being made available through SVB. The potential loss of SVB
as an Institutional Lender or any other Institutional Lender may reduce the amount available to us under the 2020 Credit Agreement, which
could adversely affect our financial position and ability to operate our business. 

The previous growth
of our business placed significant strain on our resources and if we are unable to manage future growth, we may not have profitable operations
or sufficient capital resources. 

We
have expanded our operations during significant periods of our limited operating history, including expanding our workforce, increasing
our product offerings, scaling our infrastructure to support expansion of our manufacturing capacity, expanding wholesale channels and
opening of Purple owned retail showrooms. Our planned growth includes increasing our manufacturing efficiencies, developing and introducing
new products, developing new and broader distribution channels including wholesale and Purple owned retail showrooms, and extending our
global reach to other countries. This expansion increases the complexity of our business and places significant strain on our management,
personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. 

Our
continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage and expand our operations, facilities and production capacity. The growth
in our operations has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management, operations and financial infrastructure.
If we do not manage growth effectively, the quality of our products and fulfillment capabilities may suffer which could adversely affect
our operating results. Revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. If we are unable to satisfy
our liquidity and capital resource requirements, we may have to scale back, postpone or discontinue our growth strategies, which could
result in slower growth, no growth or shrinking. We may run the risk of losing key suppliers, we may not be able to timely satisfy customer
orders, and we may not be able to retain our employees. In addition, we may be forced to restructure our obligations to creditors or pursue work-out options. 

Our
growth may depend on our ability to manage the opening and operating of new production facilities and Purple owned retail showrooms, which
will require our entering into leases and other obligations. To be successful, we will need to continue developing retail expertise. In
general, operating new facilities and opening Purple owned retail showrooms in new locations exposes us to laws in other states that may
not be as employer-friendly as those in which we currently operate, and may expose us to new expenses and liabilities. If we are not able
to successfully manage the process of expanding operations geographically, opening new Purple owned retail showrooms and maintaining operations
in an expanding number of facilities and Purple owned retail showrooms, we may have to close facilities and incur sunk costs and continuing
obligations that could put a strain upon our resources, damage our brand and reputation and limit our growth. 

To
manage growth effectively, we need to continue to implement operational, financial and management controls and reporting systems and procedures
and improve the systems and procedures that are currently in place. There is no assurance that we will be able to fulfill our staffing
requirements for our business, successfully train and assimilate new employees, maintain our management base and enhance our operating
and financial systems. Failure to achieve any of these goals will prevent us from managing our growth in an effective manner and could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, a softening of demand, whether
caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result and has resulted in decreased revenue
or growth. For example, we are experiencing weaker demand than in the past in part as a result of current inflationary trends. Due to
uncertainty in the weaking U.S. and global economies caused by inflation and other factors, we may not be able to accurately forecast
our growth rate. We base our expense levels and investment plans on sales estimates. A significant portion of our expenses and investments
is fixed, and we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our sales are less than expected. 

21 

We
have identified the need for improved processes and procedures to avoid delays in the timely delivery of our mattress products and to
improve the customer s experience. Also, in the past we have experienced rapid growth in our employee base, and the need to implement
processes and procedures for improving employee training and retention. Competition for employees where our production facilities are
located also has increased the costs for employee retention. We have implemented improved processes and procedures in an environment of
continuous change, but our use of resources may not be as effective as intended or we may need to apply more resources than expected to
continue to make changes to improve our employee retention and effectiveness and the quality of our products and services over time. If
we are unable to make continuous improvement, achieve greater efficiencies in our operating expenses and improve our products and services,
our business could be adversely affected. 

Disruption of operations in our manufacturing
facilities, including as a result of, among other things, workplace injuries, pandemics or natural disasters, has and could increase our
costs of doing business or lead to delays in shipping our products and could materially adversely affect our operating results and our
ability to grow our business. 

We
have three manufacturing plants, which are located in Salt Lake City, Utah, Grantsville, Utah, and McDonough, Georgia. In the future we
may also enter into leases for additional manufacturing plants. 

The disruption of operations
of our manufacturing facilities for a significant period of time, or even permanently, such as due to a closure related to a pandemic,
natural disasters, the loss or expiration of a lease or mechanical failures in our manufacturing equipment, may increase our costs of
doing business and lead to delays in manufacturing and shipping our products to customers and could materially and adversely affect our
operating results and our ability to grow our business. In addition, the occurrence of workplace injuries or other industrial accidents
at one or more of our manufacturing plants has required, and may require in the future, that we suspend production or modify our operations,
which could lead to delays in manufacturing and shipping our products to customers. Likewise, acts of workplace violence may require us
to temporarily suspend production or modify our operations. Such delays could adversely affect our sales, customer satisfaction, profitability,
cash flows, liquidity and financial condition. Because two of our currently operating manufacturing plants are located within the same
geographic region, regional economic downturns, natural disasters, closures due to COVID-19, the unavailability of utilities as a result
of climate events or otherwise, or other issues could potentially disrupt a significant portion of our manufacturing and other operating
activities, which could adversely affect our business. Our Utah facilities are near earthquake fault lines and our Georgia facility is
located in an area that may be subject to hurricanes; such natural disasters in these areas could disrupt manufacturing and other operating
activities, which could adversely affect our business. 

Our manufacturing processes involve the
use of heavy machinery and equipment, which exposes us to potentially significant financial losses and reputational harm due to workplace
injuries or industrial accidents that may occur at our facilities. 

Our
manufacturing processes involve the use of heavy machinery and equipment and are subject to risks involving workplace injuries, mechanical
failures, and industrial accidents, including, among other things, personal injury or death resulting from such incidents at our manufacturing
plants. A workplace accident, mechanical failure, industrial accident or any similar problem involving any one or more of our facilities
has required, and may require in the future, that we suspend production at one or more of our manufacturing plants, which could lead to
delays in manufacturing and shipping our products and adversely affect our business and results of operations. For example, in 2021, we
experienced an incident involving our manufacturing equipment that resulted in the death of one of our employees. As a result, we evaluated
the safety of our manufacturing equipment and identified and implemented safety improvements. In addition, once safety improvements were
implemented and manufacturing resumed, we experienced unanticipated mechanical and maintenance issues
while ramping up to normal production, which resulted in shipment delays and adversely affected our financial results and relationships
with customers. The occurrence of such incidents, or any perceived insufficiency in our response to any such deficiency or problem, could
also adversely and materially affect our reputation with customers, adversely affect our operating and financial performance, and negatively
impact the market price of our Class A common stock. If we are unable to meet workplace safety standards or, if our employees or customers
perceive us having a poor safety record, it could materially impact our ability to attract and retain new employees and our reputation
with our customers could suffer, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Safety
improvements adopted in response to accidents or other similar incidents may cause our production output to decrease and could materially
adversely affect our operating results and our ability to grow our business. The occurrence of such incidents has resulted in and could
in the future result in investigations by or the imposition of fines from regulatory authorities or require us to implement corrective
actions to address the causes of such incidents, which could require the expenditure of significant resources and may adversely affect
our financial condition and operations. Further, the occurrence of such incidents may result in litigation, including personal injury
or workers compensation claims, as well as securities litigation resulting from any related impact on the market price of our Class
A common stock, which could also adversely affect our financial condition and reputation. While we maintain insurance coverage for certain
types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise. 

22 

We may not be able to identify, complete
or successfully integrate acquisitions, and any such acquisitions may not achieve the anticipated financial benefits, all of which could
have a negative impact on our growth, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may seek to acquire businesses
in the future as we encounter acquisition prospects that would complement our current product offerings, increase the size and geographic
scope of our operations, or otherwise offer strategic, growth and operating efficiency opportunities. We cannot assure investors that
we will be able to identify and acquire acceptable acquisition candidates on terms favorable to us in the future, or that any acquisitions
will achieve the anticipated strategic or financial benefits. Even if we do identify opportunities to acquire businesses, we may not be
able to consummate such acquisitions due to a number of factors, including lacking access to sufficient capital to fund such acquisitions
and restrictions contained in our Credit Agreement on our ability to make acquisitions. 

In
addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties and may be of businesses in which we lack operational or market experience.
The financing for any of these acquisitions could dilute the interests of our stockholders, result in an increase in our indebtedness
or both. Future acquisitions could entail numerous risks, including: 

difficulties in integrating acquired technologies, operations or products; 

the difficulties of imposing financial and operating controls on the acquired companies and their management and the potential costs of doing so; 

the potential loss of key employees, customers, suppliers or distributors from acquired businesses and disruption to our direct selling channel; 

diversion of management s attention from our core business; 

the failure to achieve the strategic objectives of these acquisitions; 

increased fixed costs; 

the failure of the acquired businesses to achieve the results we have projected in either the near or long term; 

the assumption of unexpected liabilities, including compliance and litigation risks; 

adverse effects on existing business relationships with our suppliers, sales force or consumers; 

Failure to gain consumer or wholesale market acceptance of acquired brands and products; and 

risks associated with entering markets or industries in which we have limited or no prior experience, including limited expertise in running the business, developing the technology, and selling and servicing the products. 

Our failure to successfully
complete the integration of any acquired business, or a failure to effectively identify and pursue such acquisitions, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Changes in accounting standards and subjective
assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters, including matters relating to our Tax Receivable
Agreement, could significantly affect our financial results. 

Generally
accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide
range of matters that are relevant to our business are complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our
management, including but not limited to estimates that affect our revenue recognition, accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful
accounts, valuation of inventories, cost of revenues, sales returns, warranty liabilities, the recognition and measurement of loss contingencies,
warrant liabilities, estimates of current and deferred income taxes, deferred income tax valuation allowances and amounts associated with
our Tax Receivable Agreement with our founders dated February 22, 2018 (the Tax Receivable Agreement ). Changes in these
rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change
our reported or expected financial performance, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

23 

Our future growth and profitability may
depend in part on our ability to continue to improve and expand our product line and to successfully execute new product introductions. 

As
described in greater detail below, the mattress, pillow, bedding, bed base, cushion and related industries are highly competitive, and
our ability to compete effectively and to profitably grow our market share depends in part on our ability to continue to improve and expand
our product line and related accessory products. 

We
incur significant research and development and other expenditures in the pursuit of improvements and additions to our product line. If
these efforts do not result in meaningful product improvements or new product introductions, or if we are not able to gain widespread
consumer acceptance of product improvements or new product introductions, our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition
may be adversely affected. In addition, if any significant product improvements or new product introductions are not successful, our reputation
and brand image may be adversely affected, and our business may be harmed. 

A
significant portion of our gross profit comes from our mattress products. If we are unable to develop new models of our mattress products
or successfully market and sell new mattress models, such as the new mattress models announced in 2023, our profitability may be adversely
affected, and our business may be harmed. For example, we are in the process of introducing several new mattress product models, including
in the luxury mattress market and expanding our brand to include higher-priced mattresses. If we are not able to successfully market these
new models or compete in the luxury market, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our expansion into
new products, market segments and geographic regions subjects us to additional business, legal, financial, and competitive risks. 

The
majority of our sales are made directly to consumers through our DTC channels. We have been expanding our business into the wholesale
distribution channel through relationships with our wholesale partners but there can be no assurance that we will continue to experience
success with our wholesale partners or that anticipated new locations will be successful. 

We
may be unsuccessful in generating additional sales through wholesale channels. We may extend credit terms in connection with such relationships
and such relationships may expose us to the risk of unpaid or late paid invoices. In addition, we may provide fixtures to such partners
that may be difficult to recover or re-use. Our wholesale customers may not purchase our products in the volume we expect. 

Profitability,
if any, from sales to wholesale customers and new product offerings may be lower than from our DTC model and current products,
and we may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them. If any of these issues were to arise,
they could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. 

We
may be unsuccessful in opening any Purple owned retail showrooms beyond those already opened in cities across the U.S. Operating Purple
owned retail showrooms includes additional risks. For example, we will incur expenses and accept obligations related to additional leases,
insurance, distribution and delivery challenges, increased employee management, and new marketing challenges. If we are not successful
in our efforts to profitably operate these new stores, our reputation and brand could be damaged, growth could be limited, and our business
may be harmed. 

In
addition, offerings of new products through our e-commerce, wholesale distribution channel and Purple owned retail showrooms may
present new and difficult challenges, and we may be subject to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions or
failures or other quality issues. Expansion of sales channels may require the development of additional, differentiated products to avoid
price and distribution conflicts between and within sales channels. Wholesale expansion increases our risk as our wholesale partners will
require delaying payments to us on net terms ranging from a few days to 60 or more days, or they may delay paying us beyond the agreed-upon
net terms or fail to pay. Our Purple owned retail showroom expansion increases our risk for inventory shrinkage from destruction, theft,
obsolescence and other factors that render such inventory unusable or unsellable. 

New
products may come with unknown warranty and return risks. New product offerings or expansion into new market channels or geographic regions
may subject us to new or additional regulation, which would impose potentially significant compliance and distribution costs. 

24 

Our future growth
and profitability depend upon the strength of our Purple brand and the effectiveness and efficiency of our marketing programs and our
ability to attract and retain customers. 

We
are highly dependent on the effectiveness of our marketing messages and the efficiency of our advertising expenditures in generating consumer
awareness and sales of our products. We continue to evolve our marketing strategies, adjusting our messages, the amount we spend on advertising
and where we spend it. We may not always be successful in developing effective messages and new marketing channels, as consumer preferences
and competition change, and in achieving efficiency in our advertising expenditures. 

We
depend heavily on internet-based advertising to market our products through internet-based media and e-commerce platforms. If we are unable
to continue utilizing such platforms, if those media and platforms diminish in efficacy, importance or size, if consumer usage of the
platform decreases, or if we are unable to direct our advertising to our target consumer groups, our advertising efforts may be ineffective,
and our business could be adversely affected. The costs of advertising through these platforms have increased significantly, which has
resulted in decreased efficiency in the use of our advertising expenditures, and we expect these costs may continue to increase in the
future. 

We
have relationships with traditional and digital media partners, online services, search engines, affiliate marketing websites, directories
and other website and e-commerce businesses to provide content, advertising and other links that direct customers to our website.
We rely on these relationships as significant sources of traffic to our website and to generate new customers. If we are unable to develop
or maintain these relationships or develop and maintain new relationships for newly developed and necessary marketing services on acceptable
terms, our ability to attract new customers and our financial condition would suffer. In addition, current or future relationships or
agreements may fail to produce the sales that we anticipate. The cost of advertising for web-based platforms, such as Facebook,
are increasing. Increasing advertising costs erode the efficiency of our advertising efforts. If we are unable to effectively manage our
advertising costs or if our advertising efforts fail to produce the sales that we anticipate, our business could be adversely affected. 

On
October 20, 2020, the United States Department of Justice brought an antitrust lawsuit against Google claiming that Google improperly
uses its monopoly over Internet search to impede competition and harm consumers. Our cost of advertising on Google may remain high if
Google s monopoly over internet searches is not prevented and competitive search engines are not allowed to compete. Alternatively,
if Google is required because of this lawsuit to split up the company or sell assets, there is no assurance this will decrease advertising
costs and it may lead to increased costs due to an increased number of service providers who obtain oligopoly power to control advertising
costs or inefficiencies from a reduction in scale. Although this lawsuit may lower our advertising costs, there is risk that it may not
and would lead to increased costs which would reduce our profitability and harm our business. 

Consumers
are increasingly using digital tools as a part of their shopping experience. As a result, our future growth and profitability will depend
in part on (i) the effectiveness and efficiency of our online experience for disparate worldwide audiences, including advertising
and search optimization programs in generating consumer awareness and sales of our products, (ii) our ability to prevent confusion
among consumers that can result from search engines that allow competitors to use or bid on our trademarks to direct consumers to competitors 
websites, (iii) our ability to prevent internet publication or television broadcast of false or misleading information regarding
our products or our competitors products, (iv) the nature and tone of consumer sentiment published on various social media
sites, and (v) the stability of our website. In recent years, a number of direct to consumer, internet-based retailers,
like us, have emerged and have driven up the cost of basic search terms, which has and may continue to increase the cost of our internet-based
marketing programs. More recently, the large traditional mattress manufacturers have been increasing their efforts to increase their direct-to-consumer
sales which also is increasing the cost of our internet-based marketing programs and cost of customer conversion. 

In
the past, we have been the target of publications by purported consumer reviewers who claim to have identified health and safety concerns
with our products. While we believe such claims to be baseless, refuting such claims requires us to expend significant resources to educate
customers on the safety of our products. Even if we broadly disseminate factual information to refute such claims and reinforce the safety
of our products, such claims and attendant adverse publicity could persist and damage our reputation and brand value and result in lower
sales. 

The
number of third-party review websites is increasing and customers have many platforms on which they can review our products, and such
reviews are becoming increasingly influential with consumers. Negative reviews from such sources may receive widespread attention from
consumers, which could damage our reputation and brand value and result in lower sales. If we are unable to effectively manage relationships
with such reviewers to promote accurate reviews of our products, reviewers may decline to review our products or may post reviews with
misleading information, which could damage our reputation and make it more difficult for us to improve our brand value. 

25 

If
our marketing messages are ineffective or our advertising expenditures, geographic price-points, and other marketing programs, including
digital programs, are inefficient in creating awareness and consideration of our products and brand name and in driving consumer traffic
to our website, our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely impacted. In addition, if we are not effective
in preventing the publication of confusing, false or misleading information regarding our brand or our products, or if there arises significant
negative consumer sentiment on social media regarding our brand or our products, our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition
may be adversely impacted. 

Our future growth and profitability depend,
in part, upon our ability to maintain sufficient production capacity to meet customer demands. 

We manufacture our mattresses
using our proprietary and patented machinery to make our Hyper-Elastic Polymer cushioning material. Because these machines are proprietary
and we do not yet have a long history of their maintenance needs, we may not be able to sufficiently maintain them for operation at full
capacity or at all when needed. We have experienced unexpected maintenance issues following a shutdown of these machines that took longer
to bring them up to full operating capacity then what we expected. Also, because of the unique features of our machines, and due to continuing
improvements to these machines, new machines are not readily available and must be constructed which takes time. If we are unable to construct
new machines and implement them into our production process in a timely manner, if our existing machines are unable to function at the
desired capacity, or if we are unable to develop replacements for the existing machines if such replacements should become necessary,
our production capacity may be constrained and our ability to respond to customer demand may be adversely impacted. This would negatively
impact our ability to grow our business and achieve profitability. 

We have engaged in significant related-party
transactions with affiliates and owners that may give rise to conflicts of interest, result in losses to the Company or otherwise adversely
affect our operations and the value of our business. 

We
have engaged in numerous related-party transactions involving significant shareholders and directors of the Company, as well as with other
entities affiliated with such persons. 

For
example, prior to the Business Combination, InnoHold, LLC InnoHold ), previously a significant stockholder of the Company
and an entity owned by the founders, Terry and Tony Pearce, granted equity incentive awards in Purple LLC to certain key employees at
that time through a separately created entity. As a result of the structure of those awards being granted through a separate entity, the
equity incentives were required, because of the structure of the Business Combination, to be exchanged for ownership units in InnoHold,
to avoid those equity interests becoming of no value to the participants. Those participants ownership interests had certain restrictions,
including vesting requirements. These equity incentives granted to key employees prior to the Business Combination were forfeited to the
extent the grant to an employee was not fully vested at the time that such employee s employment was terminated. Before and for
a period of time since the Business Combination, all forfeitures occurring from departing employees have inured to the benefit of only
the owners of InnoHold, and not all of our stockholders. This means that the forfeited equity did not increase our currently approved
equity incentive pool. Because the forfeited equity resulting from these departures prior to this distribution was held at InnoHold, that
forfeited equity did not replenish our equity incentive pool and could not be used for equity grants to those who have replaced these
employees or for other purposes essential to the business. During 2019, to avoid future forfeitures from inuring only to the benefit of
InnoHold s owners, InnoHold distributed to the incentive participants their pro rata share of InnoHold s ownership of shares
of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 Class B Stock in Purple Inc. and Class B Common Units Class
B Units in Purple LLC, after which any forfeitures would inure to the benefit of all shareholders. InnoHold distributed additional
paired shares of Class B Stock in Purple Inc. and Class B Units in Purple LLC which also will be subject to the same vesting
requirements and result in forfeitures inuring to the benefit of all shareholders. Our current equity incentive pool, as approved by the
stockholders prior to the Business Combination in the Purple Innovation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 2017 Equity Incentive
Plan ), did not account for the departure, before this distribution by InnoHold, of such key employees who had existing equity grants
through InnoHold, and there is a risk that we will have to seek approval from the Board and stockholders to refresh the equity incentive
pool earlier than anticipated at the time of the Business Combination because of the unanticipated need to use shares from the existing
pool to hire and retain other key employees needed to achieve the Company s growth objectives. If the equity pool is not refreshed,
there is a risk that we may not be able to hire and retain such key employees. If the equity pool is refreshed with authorized shares
of the Company that are issued in accordance with our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, our stockholders will be diluted. This distribution
by InnoHold to the equity incentive participants has caused us to incur administrative expenses related to the distributions, the management
of the differing vesting schedules and compliance with their rights under the distribution agreements. In addition, the calculations of
the distributive share and related income tax withholdings with respect to holders of InnoHold s Class B Units, as well as
the processes by which such distributions and withholdings are made, are highly complex. As a result, there is a risk that the recipients
of such distributions or other third parties may claim that we have miscalculated the distribution or income tax withholding amounts or
failed to timely pay the taxes. The cost of responding to such claims, including but not limited to the diversion of management s
attention from our operations and defense or settlement costs, could negatively impact our operations and financial results. 

26 

In
connection with the Business Combination, Purple LLC also entered into that certain Credit Agreement dated February 2, 2018, with
Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P. CCP ), Blackwell Partners LLC Series A Blackwell and Coliseum Co-invest
Debt Fund, L.P. CDF and together with CCP and Blackwell, the Former Lenders ), which was guaranteed by Purple
Inc. The Former Lenders also were stockholders and warrant holders of the Company and appointed one director to serve on our Board, Adam
Gray, who continues to serve on our Board and is affiliated with the Lenders. Further, on February 26, 2019, the Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement between Purple LLC and certain of the Former Lenders (the Incremental Lenders ), and each of the related
documents, including the issuance of additional warrants to the Incremental Lenders, was closed and an incremental loan was funded. In
connection with the funding of the incremental loan, we issued to the Incremental Lenders warrants to purchase shares of our Class A
common stock. On March 27, 2020, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement was amended to allow Purple LLC at its election a 5 paid-in-kind
interest deferral for the first two quarters of 2020. On May 15, 2020, the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement was further amended
to remove a negative covenant so that there would not be an event of default if the Former Lenders acquired 25 or more ownership of the
Company. On August 20, 2020, the Company and Purple LLC entered into a Waiver and Consent to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
with the Former Lenders, that, among other things, waives an event of default as a result of InnoHold ceasing to own 25 or more of the
aggregate equity interests in the Company, subject to certain conditions as more fully provided in such waiver. On September 3, 2020,
we paid off the full amount owed and a prepayment premium to the Former Lenders in the aggregate amount of 45.0 million and terminated
the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, subject to those provisions that survive termination. The Former Lenders further have continuing
rights of first refusal related to indebtedness of the Company as set forth in the Subscription Agreement entered into by them and the
Company at the time of the Business Combination. Adam Gray continues to serve on our Board and the Former Lenders, together, hold a significant
portion of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock and voting power. The Former Lenders currently own, in the aggregate, approximately
44.7 of the Company s outstanding shares and voting power. Future transactions with the Lenders, if any, may give rise to conflicts
of interest or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

As
detailed previously in these risk factors, on September 17, 2022, our largest shareholder Coliseum delivered to us an unsolicited bid
to acquire the remaining outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, which the Special Committee rejected. 

See
Note 15, Related-Party Transactions of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, included in PART II, ITEM 8 of this
Report, Financial Statements, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Our business could
suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships. 

To
successfully operate our business, we rely on commercial agreements and strategic relationships with suppliers, service providers and
certain wholesale partners and customers. As we grow, we may acquire other businesses to incorporate into our operations. These arrangements
can be complex and require substantial infrastructure capacity, personnel, and other resource commitments. Further, our business partners
may have disruptions in their businesses or choose to no longer do business with us and the impact of such disruption or choices could
be magnified to the extent such business partners represent a significant part of our business. Moreover, our business partners and their
owners may make strategic decisions that result in negative consequences for our business. For example, we understand that it is possible
that Mattress Firm, Inc. may be sold to Tempur Sealy International, Inc. which could disrupt our relationship with Mattress Firm or prevent
us from continuing to sell our products in favorable placements alongside Tempur Sealy products within Mattress Firm stores. We may not
be able to implement, maintain, or develop the components of these commercial relationships. Moreover, we may not be able to enter into
additional commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms or at all. 

Our
wholesale relationships may from time to time be terminated by us or our partners, or the terms of such relationships may be amended or
modified. As a result of such terminations, we would lose sales previously generated through such relationships, which could have a material
adverse impact on our net sales, profitability and financial position. Disputes with wholesale partners also may arise related to such
relationships, or any terminations of related agreements, which could cause us to incur expenses, delay our receipt of amounts owed to
us, interfere with our relationship with other retailers, subject us to liabilities and distract us from our strategic objectives. As
our agreements terminate or relationships unwind, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms, or at all,
and the loss of sales from such relationships could harm our business. We may in the future enter into amendments on less favorable terms
or encounter parties that have difficulty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which could adversely affect our operating results. 

We
have entered into arrangements with wholesale partners through which we sell certain of our products in their retail stores and may seek
opportunities to increase the number of these partnerships in the future. Our relationships with our wholesale partners may not be profitable
to us or may impose additional costs that we would not otherwise incur under our DTC operations. Our wholesale partners may choose
not to continue doing business with us or may choose to reduce the amount of our products they order, which would result in a corresponding
loss of revenue. Our wholesale partners may experience their own business disruptions, including for example bankruptcy, that could affect
their ability to continue to do business with us. Our wholesale partners may engage in conduct that could breach the contractual rights
we owe other wholesale partners or interfere with their other legal rights. Our wholesale partners may compete against us in DTC or other
channels that are important to us and may erode our business in such channels. Further, maintaining these relationships may require the
commitment of significant amounts of time, financial resources and management attention, and may result in prohibitions on certain sales
channels through exclusivity requirements, which may adversely affect other aspects of our business. 

27 

We
have opened and plan to continue to open a growing number of Purple owned retail showrooms in cities across the U.S. Our business is expanding
into additional Purple owned retail showrooms which, like our online e-commerce retail store, may compete more directly with
our wholesale partners for customers. In our effort to make our products available to consumers in multiple retail channels, there is
the risk that sales may diminish in other channels, costs may be incurred without an increase in overall sales and our wholesale partners
may no longer carry our products. Managing an omni-channel distribution strategy, including the relationships with business partners in
each channel, may require significant amounts of time, resources and attention which may adversely affect other aspects of our business. 

The
final assembly of some of our mattresses is executed by third-party partners and suppliers. If we are unable to maintain those relationships
or if such third parties are disrupted in their ability to perform such final assembly and we are unable to make alternative arrangements,
our ability to produce certain mattresses may be adversely impacted, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial
position. 

A reduction in the availability of credit
to consumers generally or under our existing consumer credit programs or the availability of more favorable credit terms with competitors
could harm our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 

We offer financing to consumers
through third-party consumer finance companies. During the year ended December 31, 2022, a significant percentage of our sales were
financed through third-party consumer finance companies. The amount of credit available to consumers may be adversely impacted by macroeconomic
factors that affect the financial position of consumers as suppliers of credit adjust their lending criteria. In addition, changes in
federal regulations effective in 2010 placed additional restrictions on all consumer credit programs, including limiting the types of
promotional credit offerings that may be offered to consumers. 

These third-party consumer
finance companies offer consumer financing options to our customers through agreements that may be terminated by us or the companies upon
thirty days prior written notice. These consumer finance companies have discretion to control the content of financing offers to
our customers and to set minimum credit standards under which credit is extended to customers. These consumer finance companies may make
more favorable terms available to our competitors, or they may offer more favorable terms in channels other than the channels in which
we focus our efforts. 

Reduction of credit availability
due to changing economic conditions, changes in regulatory requirements, or the termination of our agreements with third-party consumer
finance companies could harm our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. The availability of more favorable credit terms
offered by competitors could harm our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 

We attempt to maintain desirable amounts
of raw material inventory and finished products, which in the case of over or under supply could leave us vulnerable to shortages or shrinkage
of components and products that may harm our ability to profitably satisfy consumer demand and may adversely impact our sales and profitability.

Although
we attempt to maintain only the necessary amounts of raw material inventory on hand, in some instances we have accumulated excess amounts
of raw materials and finished goods inventory. All such excess inventory is subject to shrinkage from destruction, theft, obsolescence
and factors that render such inventory unusable or unsellable, and we have lost inventory for such reasons. Excessive inventory also takes
warehouse space that prevents efficient use for other activities. For example, in 2021 we experienced production delays, which resulted
in wholesale partners not ordering the volume we anticipated. Lower than expected order volume resulted in higher than anticipated levels
of inventory. While we take efforts to right-size all raw materials and finished goods inventory, if our efforts are not successful,
we could continue to experience excess amounts of some items of raw materials and finished goods and related shrinkage and inefficiencies
that could adversely impact our cash flow, margins and profitability. 

Alternatively, if we do not maintain the necessary amounts of products
and raw material inventory on hand we would be vulnerable to shortages in supply of products or components that may harm our ability to
satisfy consumer demand and may adversely impact our sales and profitability. Lead times for ordered components and products may vary
significantly, especially as we source some of our materials and products from China or other countries. Our business may be harmed by
legal, regulatory, economic, political, health concerns, military conflict, and unforeseen risks associated with international trade in
those countries. For example, we previously sourced a component for certain products from a factory in the Ukraine where a military action
has been ongoing. While we have other suppliers for that component that are not likely to be impacted by such military action, the loss
of suppliers could temporarily disrupt production of products. Moreover, we may experience increased costs in sourcing Chinese materials
as a result of the uncertain status of the U.S.-China trade relationship or may experience related disruption if we seek to replace Chinese
suppliers with suppliers in other countries. Any unexpected shortage of products or materials caused by any disruption of supply or an
unexpected increase in the demand for our products, could lead to delays in shipping our products to customers. Any such delays could
adversely affect our sales, customer satisfaction, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 

28 

We rely upon several key suppliers
that are, in some instances, the only source of supply currently used by us for particular products, materials, components or services.
We currently obtain all of the raw materials and components used to produce our mattresses, pillows and cushions from outside sources
While we believe that these materials and components, or suitable replacements, could be obtained from other sources, in the event of
a disruption or loss of supply of relevant materials or components for any reason, we may not be able to find alternative sources of supply,
or if found, may not be found on comparable terms. A disruption in the supply or substantial increase in cost of any of these products
or services could harm our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, a change in the financial condition
of some of our suppliers could impede their ability to provide products to us in a timely manner. 

In addition, shipping and
freight delays have occurred and may again occur due to port closures, port congestion, and shipping container and ship shortages. These
events, combined with the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, could result in manufacturing and shipping delays and constraints
and limit the ability of our suppliers to provide raw materials and other components in a timely manner, which could adversely affect
our ability to acquire and maintain adequate inventory and meet demand for our products. Shipping delays could also adversely affect our
ability to deliver products to our customers in a timely manner, which could harm our business. 

Our success is highly dependent on our ability
to provide timely delivery on a cost-effective basis to our customers, and any disruption in our delivery capabilities or our related
planning and control processes may adversely affect our operating results. 

An important part of our success
is our ability to deliver our products to our customers in a timely manner. This requires successful planning, distribution infrastructure,
ordering, transportation, receipt processing, , suppliers, meeting our distribution requirements, and our contractors meeting our delivery
requirements. Our ability to maintain success depends on the continued identification and implementation of improvements to our planning
processes, distribution infrastructure and supply chain. We also need to ensure that our distribution infrastructure and supply chain
keep pace with our anticipated growth and increased product output. The cost of these enhanced processes could be significant and any
failure to maintain, grow or improve them could adversely affect our operating results. 

We rely on common carriers
and freight forwarders to deliver our products to customers on a timely, convenient, and cost-effective basis. We also rely on the systems
of such carriers to provide us with accurate information about the status and delivery of our products. Any disruption to the business
of delivery carriers could cause our business to be adversely affected. Any significant delay in deliveries to our customers could lead
to increased cancellations and returns and cause us to lose sales. Any increase in freight charges could increase our costs of doing business
and harm our sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. Lack of accurate information from such carriers could damage our
brand and our relationship with our customers. In some areas, we are testing Company-owned delivery services that have been successful
and efficient, and we intend to continue growing such services as demand and volume dictate. If our Company-owned delivery services do
not continue to deliver products in a timely or cost-effective manner, we may need to revert to third party carriers and our reputation
and business may be adversely affected. 

Our business could also be
adversely affected if there are delays in product shipments to us due to freight difficulties, supply chain disruptions or delays (including,
for example, from port closures or shipping or labor shortages), delays in product shipments clearing U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP for reasons of non-compliance or otherwise, challenges with our suppliers or contractors involving strikes
or other difficulties at their principal transport providers or otherwise. The adverse effect on our business could include increase in
freight costs if we choose to use more air freight. Our business could also be adversely affected if the business of our suppliers is
disrupted because of infectious diseases or fear thereof such that quarantines, factory closures, labor disturbances, and transportation
delays result. Such delays and events could adversely affect our profitability and reputation, as well as demand for our products. 

In addition, if we are unable
to deliver our products in a timely manner, our customers, both DTC and wholesale, may choose to limit future orders of our products,
or choose to not order products from us at all. If, as a result of production or shipment issues, demand for our products declines or
does not increase, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

29 

We depend on executive employees, and if
we lose the services of members of the executive team, we may not be able to run our business effectively. 

Our future success depends
in part on our ability to attract and retain key executive, merchandising, marketing, sales, finance, operations and engineering personnel.
If any of our executives cease to be employed by us, or if our growth or other changes in circumstances require executives with additional
skill sets, we would have to hire replacement or additional qualified personnel. Our ability to successfully attract and hire other experienced
and qualified executives cannot be assured and may be difficult because we face competition for these professionals from our competitors,
our suppliers and other companies operating in our industry and in our geographic locations. Recruiting qualified executives may be further
complicated by uncertainties resulting from shareholder activism. Departures and any delay in replacing executives could significantly
disrupt our ability to grow and pursue our strategic plans. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified executives and other employees,
including through competitive compensation and other incentives, our business may be adversely affected. While we believe our current
executives have benefitted and will continue to benefit us, we currently employ or may employ interim or acting executives. Finding qualified
replacements is time-consuming, requires Company resources, and may disrupt our growth and achievement of strategic plans. We do not maintain
key-person insurance for members of our executive management team. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, may make a material misstatement in our financial
statements, may experience a financial loss, or may face litigation. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately
and timely could harm our business and adversely affect the value of our business. 

As a public company, we are
required to establish and maintain internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures and to comply with
other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules promulgated by the SEC. Even when such controls are implemented, management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, cannot guarantee that our internal controls and disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all possible errors or loss. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no system of controls
can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company or perpetrated against us will
be prevented or have been detected. These inherent limitations include the possibility that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
and subject to simple error or mistake. Furthermore, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of
two or more persons, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Over time, measures of control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, new fraudulent
schemes, or the deterioration of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and/or may not be detected. 

The accuracy of our financial
reporting depends on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements and may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, or lapses in disclosure controls and procedures,
could undermine the ability to provide accurate disclosure (including with respect to financial information) on a timely basis, which
could cause investors to lose confidence in our disclosures (including with respect to financial information), require significant resources
to remediate the lapse or deficiency, and expose us to legal or regulatory proceedings. We have in the past identified material weaknesses
in our internal controls over financial reporting, some of which resulted in restatements of our financial statements. We cannot guarantee
that we will not experience material weaknesses in our internal controls in the future. If additional material weaknesses or significant
deficiencies in our internal control are discovered or occur in the future, our financial statements may contain material misstatements
and we could be required to restate our financial results, which could lead to substantial additional costs for accounting and legal fees
and stockholder litigation. 

30 

Any failure to maintain such
internal control could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate
basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our
financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which
our common stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, this could result in a material adverse effect on
our business. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements on Form S-3, which may
impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies or issue shares to effect an acquisition.
Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a
negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

As a result of our 2022 acquisition
of Intellibed, we are in the process of integrating its systems and processes into ours, including bringing such systems and processes
into our existing framework of internal controls. That process requires us to devote resources that might otherwise be used to grow the
business. If we do not successfully integrate the Intellibed processes into our internal controls, there may be material misstatements
that are not detected in a timely manner. 

We may experience litigation or other risks associated with material
weaknesses in our financial reporting internal controls. We have had previous material weaknesses that have been remediated, some of which
resulted in restatements of our previously issued audited financial statements. As a result of such restatements, material weakness, and
other matters that may in the future arise, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims
invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement and material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this filing, we have
no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in
the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

We may need to implement additional finance
and accounting systems, procedures and controls as we grow our business and organization and to satisfy new reporting requirements. 

We have a limited operating
history, and our systems, procedures and controls are still developing to match the complexity of our business. We are required to comply
with a variety of reporting, accounting and other rules and regulations. Compliance with existing requirements is expensive. As a public
company, we are required to comply with additional regulations and other requirements. These and future requirements may increase our
costs and require additional management time and resources. We may need to implement additional finance and accounting systems, procedures
and controls to satisfy our reporting requirements. If our internal control over financial reporting is determined to be ineffective,
such failure could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, negatively affect the value of our business,
subject us to regulatory investigations and penalties, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Complying with existing
disclosure and other requirements may require us to expend additional resources and to enhance the capabilities of our finance and accounting
departments. If we are unable to comply with such requirements, our business and stock price may be adversely affected. 

31 

Our business operations could be disrupted
if our information technology systems fail to perform adequately or are disrupted by natural disasters or other catastrophes or if we
are unable to protect the integrity and security of our information systems. 

We depend largely upon our
information technology systems in the conduct of all aspects of our operations. If our information technology systems fail to perform
as anticipated, we could experience difficulties in virtually any area of our operations, including but not limited to receiving orders
from customers, replenishing inventories or delivering our products. We may be required to incur significant capital expenditures in the
pursuit of improvements or upgrades to our management information systems. These efforts may take longer and may require greater financial
and other resources than anticipated, may cause distraction of key personnel, and may cause short-term disruptions to our existing systems
and our business. If we experience difficulties in implementing new or upgraded information systems or experience significant system failures,
or if we are unable to successfully modify our information systems to respond to changes in our business needs, our ability to run our
business could be adversely affected. It is also possible that our competitors could develop better e-commerce platforms than
ours, which could negatively impact our sales. 

In addition, our systems may
experience service interruptions or degradation due to hardware and software defects or malfunctions, computer denial-of-service and
other cyberattacks, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications
services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, or other events. Some of our systems are not fully
redundant and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities. Our systems are also subject to break-ins, sabotage,
information hijacking or ransom, and intentional acts of vandalism. Any of these or other systems related problems could, in turn, adversely
affect our sales and profitability. 

We are required
to make certain prepayments to any revolving loans and thereafter may not be able to draw upon our revolving line of credit. 

Under
the 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended, if the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents we hold exceeds 25.0 million, we are
required to prepay an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the outstanding revolving loans and (ii) the amount of cash and cash
equivalents in excess of 25.0 million. In addition, we are prohibited from making additional borrowings under the revolver if after
giving effect to any borrowing, and any transactions to be consummated therewith, the aggregate amount of cash and cash equivalents exceeds
 25.0 million. Moreover, we may not request any borrowing unless we reasonably believe we will use such proceeds within five (5)
business days for a permitted purpose. As a result of these restrictions, our ability to accumulate cash in excess of 25.0 million
is limited. If for any reason we are unable to borrow on our revolving credit facility, we would be limited in available cash to pay expenses
and meet our obligations, which lack of liquidity could impair our relationships with suppliers and vendors, delay our growth plans or
prevent us from taking actions in our best interest or even continue in business. 

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and responses
thereto have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect aspects of our business, including, among other things, our supply
chain, workforce, operations, marketing, and customer demand. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in far-reaching economic and financial disruptions that have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely
affect, the Company s business, financial condition, capital, liquidity and results of operations. 

Governments
and businesses have adopted measures intended to prevent the spread of COVID-19, including, among other things, restrictions on travel
and business operations, temporary closures of businesses, and quarantine and shelter-in-place orders. These and other measures have,
and may in the future, resulted in disruptions to our activities and operations that have negatively impacted our business, operating
results and financial condition. 

32 

The
duration of the COVID-19 pandemic s impact on our business, including due to government mandates in response to the pandemic, remains
uncertain and will depend on many factors outside our control, including the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic,
the emergence of new variants, the development, availability, distribution and effectiveness of vaccines and treatments, the imposition
of protective public safety measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy and demand for consumer products and services.
The widespread pandemic has resulted, and may continue to result for an extended period, in significant disruption of global financial
markets, supply chain constraints (including, for example, shipping delays, capacity constraints, and supply shortages), and may restrict
our ability to access capital, which would negatively affect our liquidity. We may be required to take responsive measures against COVID-19
in the future, which could limit our ability to grow our business, and our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely
affected. Additional future impacts, including quarantines or government reaction or shutdowns for COVID-19 could disrupt our supply chain.
Travel and import restrictions may also disrupt our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. Any import or export or other cargo
restrictions related to our products or the raw materials used to manufacture our products would restrict our ability to manufacture and
ship products and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
global outbreak of COVID-19 continues to evolve with frequent new strains. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 outbreak is highly uncertain
and subject to change. However, the effects of COVID-19 and related government and social responses could have a continuing material impact
on our operations, sales and ability to continue as a going concern. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business
and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors 
section, such as those relating to our level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness and
our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic created significant uncertainty in our business, slowed our anticipated wholesale partner and showroom plans and resulted
in a temporary contraction of our wholesale and Purple owned retail showroom businesses due to temporary shutdowns of non-essential businesses,
and shelter-at-home and social distancing directives where our products are displayed in physical stores. The future impact to our wholesale
partners and consumer demand from the COVID-19 pandemic or a future health epidemic or other outbreak occurring in other locations, particularly
in North America, is unknown. If we fail to anticipate changes in demand or consumer behavior resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or
other outbreaks it could adversely affect our business or operating results. 

If sales in our channels decline or become
more difficult to predict, including as a result of stay-at-home orders, social distancing mandates, temporary closures of or decreased
shopping in our wholesale partners stores or Purple owned retail showrooms, vaccine mandates, impacts of stimulus payments, or
deteriorating general economic conditions, our business may be adversely affected. Moreover, we may be impacted by difficulties experienced
by our wholesale partners as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including disruptions in their supply chains, their liquidity challenges
and their ability to keep open or reopen retail locations. In addition, while we experienced an increase in demand for our products through
our e-commerce channel at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, such e-commerce sales have subsequently declined following the end of
stimulus payments, the return of consumers to brick and mortar stores, and the general softening of the economy. If we cannot increase
demand in all our channels, and plan based on more predictable sales patterns, our business may be adversely affected. 

Regulatory and Litigation Risks 

Regulatory requirements, including, but
not limited to, trade, customs, environmental, health and safety requirements, may require costly expenditures and expose us to liability. 

Our products and our marketing
and advertising programs are subject to regulation in the U.S. by various federal, state and local regulatory authorities, including the
Federal Trade Commission and the CBP. In addition, our operations are subject to federal, state and local consumer protection regulations
and other laws relating specifically to the sleep product industry. These rules and regulations may conflict and may change from time
to time, as a result of changes in the political environment or otherwise. There may be continuing costs of regulatory compliance including
continuous testing, additional quality control processes and appropriate auditing of design and process compliance. 

33 

In addition, we are subject
to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to pollution, environmental protection, recycling, and occupational health and
safety. We may not be in complete compliance with all such requirements at all times, and we have been required in the past to make changes
to our facilities in order to comply with these requirements. We have made and will continue to make capital and other expenditures to
comply with environmental and health and safety requirements. If a release of harmful or hazardous substances occurs on or from our properties
or any associated offsite disposal location, or if contamination from prior activities is discovered at any of our properties, we may
be held liable and the amount of such liability could be material. As a manufacturer of mattresses, pillows, cushions and related products,
we use and dispose of a number of substances, such as glue, oil, solvents and other petroleum products, as well as certain foam ingredients,
that may subject us to regulation under numerous foreign, federal and state laws and regulations governing the environment. Among other
laws and regulations, we are subject in the U.S. to the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act and related state and local statutes and
regulations. 

We are also subject to federal
laws and regulations relating to international shipments, customs, and import controls. We may not be in complete compliance with all
such requirements at all times, and if we are not in compliance with such requirements, we may be subject to penalties or fines, which
could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our operations could also
be impacted by a number of pending legislative and regulatory proposals to address greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S. and other countries.
The U.S. and certain other countries have adopted international agreements such as the Paris Agreement on climate change that include
commitments for companies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The State of California also is considering legislation requiring reporting
on such emissions by companies selling products into that state. In addition, the potential for federal and state actions could increase
costs associated with our manufacturing operations, including costs for raw materials, pollution control equipment and transportation.
Because it is uncertain what laws will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws on our future consolidated financial
condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

We are also subject to regulations
and laws specifically governing the internet, e-commerce, electronic devices, and other services. These regulations and laws
may cover taxation, privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, mobile communications, electronic device certification,
electronic waste, energy consumption, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, consumer protection, trade and protectionist
measures, web services, the provision of online payment services, information reporting requirements, unencumbered Internet access to
our services or access to our facilities, the design and operation of websites and the characteristics and quality of products and services.
It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel, and personal privacy apply to the internet, e-commerce, digital
content, and web services. Unfavorable regulations and laws could diminish the demand for, or availability of, our products and services
and increase our cost of doing business. 

Claims have been made against
us for alleged violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act ADA related to accessibility to our website by the blind.
The law is unsettled as to which types of websites the ADA covers and what standards are applicable, but courts in certain jurisdictions
have recognized these types of ADA claims. While we comply with industry standards and are continuing to significantly enhance our compliance
efforts for making our website accessible to the blind, and regularly test our site for this purpose, we may be subject to such claims
and, as a result, we may be required to expend resources in defense of these claims that could increase our cost of doing business. 

We are also subject to various
health and environmental provisions such as California Proposition 65 (the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986). For
example, previously we received a claim that one of our products did not have the proper label required by Proposition 65 warning of exposures
to chemicals that cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. In that case, we resolved the claim by adding the required warning
label. While we make efforts to comply with Proposition 65, in the future we may be subject to such claims and be required to expend resources
defending these claims and complying with Proposition 65. 

34 

Regulatory requirements relating to the
manufacture and disposal of mattresses may increase our product costs and increase the risk of disruption to our business. 

The U.S. Consumer Product
Safety Commission CPSC and other jurisdictions have adopted rules relating to fire retardancy standards for the mattress
industry. Some states and the U.S. Congress continue to consider fire retardancy regulations that may be different from or more stringent
than the current standard. In addition, these regulations require manufacturers to implement quality assurance programs and encourage
manufacturers to conduct random testing of products. These regulations also require maintenance and retention of compliance documentation.
These quality assurance and documentation requirements are costly to implement and maintain. If any product testing, other evidence, or
regulatory inspections yield results indicating that any of our products may not meet the flammability standards, we may be required to
temporarily cease production and distribution or to recall products from the field, and we may be subject to fines or penalties, any of
which outcomes could harm our business, reputation, sales, profitability, cash flows and financial condition. 

The CPSC adopted new flammability
standards and related regulations which became effective nationwide in July 2007 for mattresses and mattress and foundation sets. Compliance
with these requirements has resulted in higher materials and manufacturing costs for our products and has required modifications to our
information systems and business operations, further increasing our costs and negatively impacting our capacity. Some states and the U.S.
Congress continue to consider fire retardancy regulations that may be different from or more stringent than the CPSC standard. Adoption
of multi-layered regulatory regimes, particularly if they conflict with each other, could increase our costs, alter our manufacturing
processes and impair the performance of our products which may have an adverse effect on our business. 

California requires mattress
retailers delivering mattresses via common carrier in California to offer to pick up their customers old mattresses at no cost
to the customer. Additionally, California, Rhode Island and Connecticut have all enacted laws requiring the recycling fees for mattresses
discarded in their states. Also, we anticipate that Oregon s new mattress recycling law will go into effect in 2024. State and local
sleep product industry regulations and regulatory proposals vary among the states in which we operate but generally impose or propose
requirements as to the proper labeling of sleep product merchandise, restrictions regarding the identification of merchandise as new 
or otherwise, controls as to hygiene and other aspects of product handling, packaging, disposal, sales, resales and penalties for violations.
We or our suppliers may be required to incur significant expense to the extent that these regulations change and require new and different
compliance measures. 

New legislation aimed at improving
the fire retardancy of mattresses, regulating the handling of mattresses in connection with preventing or controlling the spread of bed
bugs could be passed, or requiring the collection or recycling of discarded mattresses, could result in product recalls or in a significant
increase in the cost of operating our business. In addition, failure to comply with these various regulations may result in penalties,
the inability to conduct business as previously conducted or at all, or adverse publicity, among other things. Adoption of multi-layered
regulatory regimes, particularly if they conflict with each other, could increase our costs, alter our manufacturing processes and impair
the performance of our products which may have an adverse effect on our business. We are also subject to various health and environmental
provisions such as 16 CFR Part 1633 (Standard for the Flammability (Open Flame) of Mattress Sets). 

We could be subject to additional sales
tax or other indirect tax liabilities. 

The application of indirect
taxes (such as sales and use tax, value-added tax VAT ), goods and services tax, business tax and gross receipt tax) to e-commerce businesses
and to our users is a complex and evolving issue and we may be unable to timely or accurately determine our obligations with respect to
such indirect taxes, if any, in various jurisdictions. Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established
before the adoption and growth of the Internet and e-commerce. 

35 

An increasing number of states
and foreign jurisdictions have considered or adopted laws or administrative practices, with or without notice, that impose additional
obligations on remote sellers and online marketplaces to collect transaction taxes such as sales, consumption, value added, or similar
taxes. Failure to comply with such laws or administrative practices or a successful assertion by such states or foreign jurisdictions
requiring us to collect taxes where we did not, could result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales, as well as penalties and interest. 

We are subject to sales tax
or other indirect tax obligations as imposed by the various states in the United States. If the tax authorities in these jurisdictions
were to challenge our filings or request an audit, our tax liability may increase. We are currently undergoing routine audits in a few
states. Moreover, as a result of our Intellibed acquisition, we are now subject to Intellibed s sales tax or other indirect tax
obligations and taxing authority challenges. Failure to properly identify and pay Intellibed s tax obligations could result in a
significant negative impact. 

We may be subject to laws,
regulations, and administrative practices that require us to collect information from our customers, vendors, merchants, and other third
parties for tax reporting purposes and report such information to various government agencies. The scope of such requirements continues
to expand, requiring us to develop and implement new compliance systems. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result
in significant penalties. 

The U.S. Supreme Court ruling
in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. , No.17-494, reversed a longstanding precedent that remote sellers are not required to collect
state and local sales taxes. We cannot predict the effect of these and other attempts to impose sales, income or other taxes on e-commerce.
The Company currently collects and reports on sales tax in all states in which it does business. However, the application of existing,
new or revised taxes on our business, in particular, sales taxes, VAT and similar taxes would likely increase the cost of doing business
online and decrease the attractiveness of selling products over the internet. The application of these taxes on our business could also
create significant increases in internal costs necessary to capture data and collect and remit taxes. There have been, and will continue
to be, substantial ongoing costs associated with complying with the various indirect tax requirements in the numerous markets in which
we conduct or will conduct business. 

We could be subject to additional income
tax liabilities. 

We are subject to federal
and state income taxes in the U.S. tax laws, regulations, and administrative practices in the U.S. and in various state and local jurisdictions
are subject to significant change or increase, and significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our provision and accruals
for taxes. In addition, some states and cities require additional taxes or fees for the right to sell mattresses in their jurisdiction.
While we have established reserves based on assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable to cover such taxes and fees, these
reserves may prove to be insufficient. 

Our determination of our tax
liability is always subject to audit and review by applicable tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of any such audit or review could harm
our business, and the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect
our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. Regardless of the outcome, responding to any such
audit or review could cause us to incur significant costs and could divert resources away from our operations. 

There are many transactions
that occur during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax liability is uncertain. Our effective tax rates could be
affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in
jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related
tax benefit, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, entry into new businesses and geographies and changes to our existing businesses,
acquisitions (including integrations) and investments, changes in the price of our securities, changes in our deferred tax assets and
liabilities and their valuation, and changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles,
and interpretations. 

A number of U.S. states have
attempted to increase corporate tax revenues by taking an expansive view of corporate presence to attempt to impose corporate income taxes
and other direct business taxes on companies that have no physical presence in their state, and taxing authorities in other jurisdictions
may take similar actions. Many U.S. states are also altering their apportionment formulas to increase the amount of taxable income or
loss attributable to their state from certain out-of-state businesses. Further, we are required to pay sales and other taxes
and fees to states where our products are warehoused before shipping or where Purple owned retail showrooms are located presently or in
the future. If more taxing authorities are successful in applying direct taxes to internet companies that do not have a physical presence
in their respective jurisdictions, this could increase our effective tax rate. 

36 

Proposed legislation in the U.S. Congress,
including changes in U.S. tax law, and the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may adversely impact the Company and the value
of shares of Class A common stock. 

Changes to U.S. tax laws (which
changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect the Company or holders of Class A common stock. In recent years, many
changes to U.S. federal income tax laws have been proposed and, in some cases, enacted, and additional changes to U.S. federal income
tax laws may continue to occur in the future. Additionally, states in which we operate or own assets may impose new or increased taxes. 

In addition, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law on August 16, 2022, and includes provisions that will impact the U.S. federal income taxation
of corporations. Among other items, this legislation includes provisions that will impose a minimum tax on the book income of certain
large corporations and an excise tax on certain corporate stock repurchases that would be imposed on the corporation repurchasing such
stock. Any of these or similar developments or changes in federal or state tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our operating 

results and holders of our Class A common stock. 

Litigation related to the PRPLS issuance
may adversely impact the Company. 

On February 21, 2023, Coliseum
filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery, captioned Coliseum Capital Management, LLC et al. v. Pano Anthos et al., Case No. 2023-0220-PAF
(Del. Ch. Feb. 21, 2023), purporting to challenge the issuance of PRPLS and alleging that, among other things, the issuance of PRPLS deprived
stockholders of a fair and democratic election of directors at the 2023 Annual Meeting, and other related allegations. Such litigation
may require management to devote additional resources and attention that would otherwise be directed to our operations, and could delay
the timing of the 2023 Annual Meeting. 

Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property and Use of Technology 

We may not be able to protect our product
designs, brand, and other proprietary rights adequately, which could adversely affect our competitive position and reduce the value of
our products and brands, and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly. 

We attempt to strengthen and
differentiate our product portfolio by developing new and innovative brands, product designs and functionality and materials for use in
our products. We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology, and similar
intellectual property as critical to our success. We rely on intellectual property laws and trade secret protection to protect our proprietary
rights. We also rely on contractual provisions such as confidentiality agreements, non-competition agreements and license agreements with
our vendors, contractors, employees, customers, and others to protect our proprietary rights. If we are unable to enforce these contractual
provisions for any reason, including the FTC s currently proposed ban on non-competition provisions, we may not be able to protect
our proprietary rights adequately, which could result in a negative impact on our operations. 

We own various U.S. and foreign
patents and patent applications related to certain elements of the design and function of our products including mattresses, pillows,
cushions and related products, as well as related to proprietary formulas and related technology for certain materials used in the manufacturing
of our products. We own numerous registered and unregistered trademarks and trademark applications, as well as other intellectual property
rights, including trade secrets, trade dress and copyrights, which we believe have significant value and are important to the marketing
of our products. Our success will depend in part on our ability to protect our products, methods, processes and other technologies, to
preserve our trade secrets, and to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of third parties. 

Despite our efforts, we may not be able to adequately protect or enforce
our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. We have seen an increase in the number of counterfeit goods and products that
infringe on our patents, trademarks and trade dress. We have increased our proactive policing of these counterfeit goods which has led
to an increased cost of intellectual property enforcement, including a patent infringement case we have filed against Diamond Mattress
Company, Inc. and the ongoing intellectual property action filed with the International Trade Commission. We anticipate our expenditures
of financial and managerial resources in these and other potential litigations could be significant, depending on how they progress. These
types of litigations could extend for months or years. There is no guarantee that any litigation will result in an outcome favorable to
us, and even if we obtain favorable judgments, the prevalence of infringement or counterfeit goods could continue to cause harm to the
business and diminish the value of our intellectual property. 

37 

Effective protection or enforcement
of intellectual property rights may be unavailable or limited in the jurisdictions in which we do business. We also may be unable to acquire
or maintain appropriate trademarks and domain names in all jurisdictions in which we do business. Furthermore, regulations governing domain
names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names
that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights. Third parties that license our
proprietary rights also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. We also cannot be certain that
others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or other intellectual property rights. If
we are unable to protect our proprietary rights adequately, it would have a negative impact on our operations. 

We, or the owners of any intellectual property
rights licensed to us, may be subject to claims that we or such licensors have infringed the proprietary rights of others, which could
require us and our licensors to obtain a license or change designs. 

As we continue to increase
our innovations and create new products and technologies, and as we enter new product spaces, we may be limited by the intellectual property
rights of others. We respect the intellectual property rights of others; however, our ability to innovate and increase our product footprint
may be limited by the intellectual property rights of those other parties. 

We have been subject to, and
expect to continue to be subject to, claims and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of the intellectual property rights
of third parties. Although we do not believe any of our products infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, there is no assurance
that infringement or invalidity claims (or claims for indemnification resulting from infringement claims) will not be asserted or pursued
against us or those from whom we have licenses or that any such assertions or prosecutions will not have a material adverse effect on
our business. Regardless of whether any such claims are valid or can be asserted successfully, defending against such claims could cause
us to incur costs and could divert resources away from our other activities. In addition, assertion of infringement claims could result
in injunctions that prevent us from distributing our products. If any claims or actions are asserted against us or those from whom we
have licenses, we may seek to obtain a license to the intellectual property rights that are in dispute. Such a license may not be available
on reasonable terms, or at all, which could force us to change our designs. 

Purple LLC has licensed certain intellectual
property to EdiZONE, LLC EdiZONE ), which is owned by Tony and Terry Pearce, former members of our Board, via TNT Holdings,
LLC TNT Holdings ), for the purpose of enabling EdiZONE to meet its contractual obligations to licensees of EdiZONE under
contracts entered into years before the Business Combination, and some of those licensees are competitors of Purple LLC and have exclusivity
rights that Purple LLC is required to observe. 

Prior to the Business Combination,
we also entered into an Amended and Restated Confidential Assignment and License Back Agreement with EdiZONE, an entity beneficially owned
and controlled by the founders, Tony Pearce and Terry Pearce (former employees, directors and beneficial majority shareholders), through
their ownership of TNT Holdings, pursuant to which EdiZONE transferred tangible and intellectual property to us and we licensed back to
EdiZONE certain intellectual property previously licensed by EdiZONE to third parties prior to the Business Combination in order to enable
EdiZONE to continue to meet certain pre-existing license obligations to those third parties. EdiZONE and the Pearces have agreed
to not modify or extend these third-party licenses and to not enter new third-party licenses. As these third-party license obligations
end, all rights under the license revert to the Company. 

Among EdiZONE s previously
entered into licenses of comfort-related intellectual property, as described above, one license includes exclusivity rights that may prohibit
us from selling our existing mattresses or potentially new mattress products in the European Union. That risk may be addressed by redesign
of the configuration of the Hyper-Elastic Polymer material in that geographic region by either using existing technologies already assigned
by EdiZONE to Purple LLC or developing new technologies. Alternatively, that risk may not exist at all to the extent Purple LLC s
current mattress products are the subject of expired patent rights licensed by that licensee or because Purple LLC is not the licensor.
However, there can be no assurance that our future sales in the European Union, if any, will not be challenged by EdiZONE s licensee
as a violation of the license agreement, or that any redesigned mattresses created by us will be successful in that market when we may
enter it. If Purple LLC s activities are challenged by a licensee, Purple LLC has an indemnification obligation to EdiZONE and the
Pearces, which may be an expense to the Company. 

38 

Purple LLC has obtained, with
the cooperation of EdiZONE and the Pearces, the right at Purple LLC s expense to enforce its intellectual property rights against
any of these licensees in the event they violate their licenses with EdiZONE or infringe on intellectual property owned by Purple LLC,
provided that Purple LLC will indemnify EdiZONE and fund the expense of such enforcement. In the event such enforcement is deemed necessary
by Purple LLC, Purple LLC may not be successful in any such efforts to enforce its intellectual property and other rights and this may
harm our business. 

While the current license
back to EdiZONE, as amended following the Business Combination, is much narrower than the license that existed at the time of the Business
Combination, EdiZONE s third-party licenses may lead to conflicts between us and EdiZONE. If conflicts do arise and are not properly
addressed, disputes may occur which may be detrimental to the Company. 

If we cannot keep pace with rapid technological
developments to provide new and innovative programs, products and services, the use of our products and our revenues could decline. 

Rapid, significant technological
changes continue to confront the industries in which we operate. We cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business.
We expect that new services and technologies applicable to the industries in which we operate will continue to emerge. These new services
and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our products and services. Incorporating
new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and ultimately may not
be successful. In addition, our ability to adopt new services and develop new technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide standards,
new laws and regulations, resistance to change from clients or merchants, or third parties intellectual property rights. Our success
will depend on our ability to develop new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. 

Our business and our reputation could be
adversely affected by the failure to protect sensitive employee, customer and consumer data, or to comply with evolving regulations relating
to our obligation to protect such data. 

In the ordinary course of
our business, we collect and store certain personal information from individuals, such as our customers and suppliers, and we process
customer payment card and check information for purchases via our website. In addition, we may share with third-parties personal information
we have collected. Cyber-attacks designed to gain access to sensitive information by breaching security systems of large organizations
leading to unauthorized release of confidential information have occurred at a number of major U.S. companies despite widespread recognition
of the cyber-attack threat and improved data protection methods. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our computer system or the
systems of third-parties with which we have shared personal information and, if successful, misappropriate personal information, payment
card or check information or confidential Company business information. In addition, a Company employee, contractor or other third party
with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent our security measures in order to obtain such information and may purposefully or inadvertently
cause a breach involving such information. Breaches involving any such information could be more likely to the extent we have any material
weakness in internal control over financial reporting related to information technology general controls in the areas of user access and
segregation of duties related to certain IT systems that support the Company s financial reporting processes. 

We and third-parties with
which we have shared personal information have been subject to attempts to breach the security of networks, IT infrastructure, and controls
through cyber-attack, malware, computer viruses, social engineering attacks, ransomware attacks, and other means of unauthorized access.
For example, in 2022, we experienced a spear-phishing attack that resulted in the unauthorized change to a significant vendor s
bank account to which we made payments that were lost in part until the scheme was discovered. We expect that this attack will result
in costs to us of up to 250,000. We anticipate that we may, in the future, continue to be subject to these and similar cyber threats.
A breach of systems resulting in the unauthorized release of sensitive data could also adversely affect our reputation and lead to financial
losses from remedial actions or potential liability, possibly including punitive damages, and could also materially increase the costs
we already incur to protect against these risks. In addition, cyber-attacks, such as ransomware attacks, if successful, could interfere
with our ability to access and use systems and records that are necessary to operate our business. Such attacks could materially adversely
affect our reputation, relationships with customers, and operations and could require us to expend significant resources to resolve such
issues. We continue to balance the additional risk with the cost to protect us against a breach. Additionally, while losses arising from
a breach may be covered in part by insurance that we carry, such coverage may not be adequate for liabilities or losses actually incurred. 

39 

We may be subject to data
privacy and data breach laws in the states in which we do business, and as we expand into other countries, we may be subject to additional
data privacy laws and regulations. In many states, state data privacy laws (such as the California Consumer Privacy Act), including application
and interpretation, are rapidly evolving. The rapidly evolving nature of state and federal privacy laws, including potential inconsistencies
between such laws and uncertainty as to their application, adds additional compliance costs and increases our risk of non-compliance.
While we attempt to comply with such laws, we may not be in compliance at all times in all respects. Failure to comply with such laws
may subject us to fines, administrative actions, and reputational harm. 

Risks Relating to our Organizational Structure 

The market price of our Class A common stock
may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above your
purchase price. 

The market price of our stock
has historically experienced high levels of volatility. If you purchase shares of our Class A common stock, you may not be able to resell
those shares at or above your purchase price. The market price of our Class A common stock has fluctuated and may fluctuate significantly
in response to numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance, including but
not limited to: 

announcements of new offerings, products, services or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions, or other events by us or our competitors; 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of companies in our industry; 

fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares or the size of our public float; 

actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations; 

whether our results of operations meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 

actual or anticipated changes in the expectations of investors or securities analysts; 

litigation involving us, our industry, or both; 

regulatory developments in the United States, foreign countries, or both; 

general or industry economic conditions and trends; 

terrorist attacks, political upheaval, natural disasters, public health crises, or other major catastrophic events; 

sales of large blocks of our common stock; 

departures of key employees; 

an adverse impact on us from any of the other risks cited herein; or 

unsolicited takeover bids and proposals. 

In addition, if the stock
market for companies in our industry or related industries, or the stock market generally, experiences a loss of investor confidence,
the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Stock prices of many companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.
The trading price of our Class A common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even
if these events do not directly affect us. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of
market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources
and the attention of management from our core business, and adversely affect our business. 

40 

Anti-takeover provisions in our Second
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Second Amended and restated Bylaws as well as provisions of Delaware law and our
Rights Agreement, contain anti-takeover provisions, any of which could delay or discourage a merger, tender offer, or assumption of control
of the Company not approved by our Board of Directors that some stockholders may consider favorable. 

Provisions of Delaware law,
our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws and our Rights Agreement could
hamper a third party s acquisition of us, or discourage a third party from attempting to acquire control of us. You may not have
the opportunity to participate in these transactions. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay
in the future for equity interests in the Company. These provisions include: 

the right of our Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director in certain circumstances, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board; 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

a prohibition on stockholders calling a special meeting and the requirement that a meeting of stockholders may only be called by members of our Board, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

the requirement that changes or amendments to certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws must be approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our common stock; and 

advance notice procedures that stockholders must comply with in order to nominate candidates to our Board or to propose matters to be acted upon at a meeting of stockholders, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

In December 2022, we amended
our bylaws to add requirements relating to stockholder nominations of directors, including a requirement that stockholder nominees complete
a written questionnaire and that stockholder nominees make themselves available for interviews by our Board upon request. 

In addition, we are subject
to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may prohibit certain transactions with stockholders owning
15 or more of our outstanding voting stock or require us to obtain stockholder approval prior to engaging in such transactions. Coliseum
collectively holds approximately 44.7 of our outstanding voting stock. Any delay or prevention of a change in control transaction or
changes in our Board could adversely affect our ability to execute transactions that are needed to carry out our operations and growth
strategies and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Further, on September 25,
2022, we adopted the Rights Agreement. The intent of the Rights Agreement is to protect our stockholders interests by encouraging
anyone seeking control of our Company to negotiate with our Board. However, the Rights Agreement could make it more difficult for a third
party to acquire us without the consent of our Board, even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders. The Rights Agreement may
discourage, delay or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt, including offers or attempts that could result in a premium over the
market price of our common stock. The Rights Agreement could reduce the price that stockholders might be willing to pay for shares of
our common stock in the future. The anti-takeover provisions of the Rights Agreement may entrench management and make it more difficult
to replace management even if the stockholders consider it beneficial to do so. 

On February 14, 2023, the
Board s Special Committee announced a dividend of one new PRPLS for each 100 shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock,
with each PRPLS having 10,000 votes. Holders of PRPLS are entitled to allocate votes in director elections on a cumulative basis and accordingly
will have the opportunity for proportional representation. With the issuance of PRPLS, all shareholders, including those not affiliated
with Coliseum, will be able to cumulate their PRPLS votes on director candidates they feel will best represent the interests of all shareholders.
The PRPLS enable shareholders who are not affiliated with CCM to choose and elect as many as 55 of the directors on the Board. However,
the issuance of PRPLS has been challenged in court by Coliseum, and there is no guarantee that Coliseum will not prevail. 

41 

Provisions in our Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against us and our directors or officers
and could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in any such actions. 

Our Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, our directors shall not be personally liable for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duties. Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation also allows us to indemnify our directors
and officers from and against any and all costs, charges and expenses resulting from their acting in such capacities with us. Additionally,
we sign indemnification agreements with our directors and officers that provide them with similar indemnification rights. This means that
if you were able to enforce an action against our directors or officers, in all likelihood, we would be required to pay any expenses they
incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement they otherwise would be required to pay. Accordingly, our indemnification
obligations could divert needed financial resources and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows, and adversely affect the value of our business. 

Provisions in our Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum. 

Our Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially
all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. It also provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought
on our behalf; any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of duty or obligation owed by any current or former director, officer
or employee of ours to us or to our stockholders, including any claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach; any action asserting
a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or employee of ours arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General
Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or any action asserting a claim related to or involving us that is governed
by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which
the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal
and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. This
choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers or employees.
Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable
or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Future sales of our Class A common stock
in the public market may depress our share price. 

Sales of a substantial number
of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price
of our Class A common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities or other securities
convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities, regardless of whether there is any relationship between such sales and the performance
of our business. As of February 28, 2023, we had 104,780,323 shares of Class A common stock outstanding, held by approximately 87 stockholders
of record, all of which shares were, and continue to be, eligible for sale in the public market, subject in some cases to compliance with
the requirements of Rule 144, including the volume limitations and manner of sale requirements. The market price of our Class A common
stock could decline as a result of sales by a few large stockholders, such as Coliseum, in the market or the perception that these sales
could occur. These sales might also make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities at a time and price that we deem appropriate. 

Our stockholders may experience substantial
dilution in the value of their investment or may otherwise have their interests impaired if we issue additional shares of our capital
stock. 

Our charter allows us to issue
up to 300 million shares of our Common Stock, including 210 million shares of Class A common stock and 90 million shares
of Class B common stock, and up to five million shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. For example, in February
2023 we issued 13,400,000 shares of Class A common stock. To raise additional capital, we may in the future sell additional shares of
our Class A common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Class A common stock at prices that are lower than
the prices paid by existing stockholders, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior
to existing stockholders, which could result in substantial dilution to the interests of existing stockholders. 

42 

Pursuant to our Second Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Board may authorize the issuance of up to five million shares of preferred stock at any
time and from time to time, with such terms and preferences as the Board determines and without any stockholder approval other than as
may be required by NASDAQ Global Market rules. The issuance of such shares of preferred stock could dilute the interest of, or impair
the voting power of, our common stockholders. The issuance of such preferred stock could also be used as a method of discouraging, delaying,
or preventing a change of control. 

Our only significant asset is our ownership
of Purple LLC and such ownership may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends
on our Class A common stock or satisfy our other financial obligations, including our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

We are a holding company and
do not directly own any operating assets other than our ownership of interests in Purple LLC. We depend on Purple LLC for distributions,
loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, including our expenses as a publicly traded
company, to pay any dividends, and to satisfy our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The earnings from, or other available
assets of, Purple LLC may not be sufficient to make distributions or pay dividends, pay expenses or satisfy our other financial obligations,
including our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Moreover, our debt covenants may not allow us to pay dividends. 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

We intend to retain future
earnings, if any, for use in the business or for other corporate purposes and do not anticipate that cash dividends with respect to our
Class A common stock will be paid in the foreseeable future. Any decision as to the future payment of dividends will depend on our
results of operations, financial position and such other factors as our Board, in its discretion, deems relevant. Moreover, our debt covenants
may not allow us to pay dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Class A common stock will be a stockholder s
sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

Our level of indebtedness and related covenants
could limit our operational and financial flexibility and significant adversely affect our business if we breach such covenants and default
on such indebtedness. 

As of March 21, 2023, Purple
LLC had no debt outstanding under the 2020 Credit Agreement. Under the 2020 Credit Agreement, we are subject to a number of affirmative
and negative covenants, including covenants regarding dispositions of property, investments, forming or acquiring subsidiaries, business
combinations or acquisitions, incurrence of additional indebtedness, and transactions with affiliates, among other customary covenants,
subject to certain exceptions. In particular, we are (i) subject to annual capital expenditure limits that can be adjusted based
on the Company achieving certain Net Leverage Ratio thresholds as provided in the 2020 Credit Agreement, (ii) restricted from incurring
additional debt up to certain amounts, subject to limited exceptions, as set forth in the Credit Agreement, and (iii) maintain minimum
Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as those terms are defined in the Credit Agreement) thresholds at certain
measurement dates. Purple LLC is also restricted from paying dividends or making other distributions or payments on its capital stock,
subject to limited exceptions. 

These restrictions may prevent
us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interests of the business and may make it difficult for us to successfully
execute our business strategy or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. If we determine that we need to
take any action that is restricted under the 2020 Credit Agreement, we will need to first obtain a waiver from the Institutional Lenders.
Obtaining such waivers, if needed, may impose additional costs on the Company or we may be unable to obtain such waivers. Our ability
to comply with these restrictive covenants in future periods will largely depend on our ability to successfully implement our overall
business strategy. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default, which could result in the acceleration
of our outstanding debt. In the event of an acceleration of such debt, we could be forced to apply all available cash flows to repay such
debt, which could also force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. 

43 

In the past, we have been
required to negotiate with our lenders to obtain amendments to the 2020 Credit Agreement to avoid non-compliance with certain of our covenants
under the 2020 Credit Agreement. For example, on February 28, 2022, prior to the covenant compliance certification date under the 2020
Credit Agreement, we entered into the first amendment of the 2020 Credit Agreement. The amendment contains a covenant waiver period such
that the net leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage ratio will not be tested for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021 through
the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022. Other changes in the amendment include modification of leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage
definitions and thresholds, the addition of minimum liquidity requirements with mandatory prepayments of the revolving loan if cash exceeds
 25.0 million, new weekly and monthly reporting requirements, limits on the amount of capital expenditures, including expenditures for
acquisitions of other business or technologies, the addition of a lease incurrence test for opening additional showrooms, and additional
negative covenants during a covenant amendment period that will extend into 2023 until certain conditions are met. The additional negative
covenants during the covenant amendment period include additional restrictions on certain consolidations, mergers, acquisitions, asset
sales, statutory divisions, liens, indebtedness, investments, guaranty obligations, and restricted payments 

On
February 17, 2023, we entered into the fifth amendment to the Credit Agreement. The fifth amendment reduced our credit availability to
a 50 million revolving line of credit. The fifth amendment provides that the maximum leverage ratio covenant will not be tested for the
first and second quarters of 2023, and revises the ratio to 4.50x for the third quarter of 2023 and 3.00x for the fourth quarter of 2023
and thereafter. In addition, the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant will also not be tested for the first and second quarters
of 2023, and revised to 1.50x for the third and fourth quarters of 2023, and 2.00x for the first quarter of 2024 and thereafter. Other
changes in the fifth amendment include new minimum EBIDTA covenants requiring we pass a minimum EBITDA test, limits on growth capital
expenditures, and restricts the number of Purple owned retail showrooms we can open in 2023, 2024 and 2025. Our 2020 Credit Agreement,
as amended, can be found as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023. 

To the extent that future
or additional waivers and amendments are necessary, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to obtain waivers or further amendments
from the lenders under the 2020 Credit Agreement if, in the future, we are unable to comply with the covenants and other terms of the
2020 Credit Agreement. Our failure to satisfy the required conditions under the amendments or maintain compliance with the financial and
performance covenants under the 2020 Credit Agreement could result in a default, which would adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations, including as a result of acceleration of our outstanding debt. In addition, any default under the 2020 Credit
Agreement would adversely affect our ability to obtain alternative financing, and significantly limit our ability to execute on our business
strategies. 

We may issue debt and equity securities
or securities convertible into equity securities, any of which may be senior to our Class A common stock as to distributions and in liquidation,
which could negatively affect the value of our Class A common stock. 

In
the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by entering into additional debt or debt-like financing that is unsecured
or secured by up to all of our assets, or by issuing additional debt or equity securities, which could include issuances of secured or
unsecured notes, preferred stock, hybrid securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity securities. In the event
of our liquidation, our lenders and holders of our debt would receive distributions of our available assets before distributions to holders
of our Class A common stock, and holders of securities senior to the Class A common stock would receive distributions of our available
assets before distributions to the holders of our Class A common stock. Because our decision to incur debt and issue securities in future
offerings may be influenced by market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing
or nature of our future offerings or debt financings. Further, market conditions could require us to accept less favorable terms for the
issuance of our securities in the future. 

44 

Tax Risks Relating to our Structure 

Although we may be entitled to tax benefits
relating to additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions as a result of the tax basis step-up we receive in connection
with the exchanges of Class B Units and shares of Class B Stock into our Class A common stock and related transactions,
we will be required to pay InnoHold 80 of these tax benefits under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Owners of Class B Units
and shares of Class B common stock may, subject to certain conditions and transfer restrictions, exchange their Class B Units
and shares of Class B common stock (together with an equal number of Class B Units, the Paired Securities for shares
of Class A common stock pursuant to an exchange agreement, dated February 2, 2018, with Purple LLC, InnoHold and the Class B Unit
holders who became a party thereto (the Exchange Agreement ). The deemed exchanges in the Business Combination and any exchanges
pursuant to the Exchange Agreement are expected to result in increases in our allocable share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible
assets of Purple LLC. These increases in tax basis may increase (for tax purposes) depreciation and amortization deductions and therefore
reduce the amount of income or franchise tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the Internal Revenue Service
or any applicable foreign, state or local tax authority may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase, and a court could sustain
such a challenge. As of December 31, 2022, there have been 43.6 million exchanges of Class B Units and shares of Class B
common stock for shares of Class A common stock, in addition to the deemed exchanges that occurred in connection with the Business
Combination. 

In connection with the Business
Combination, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement, which generally provides for the payment by us to InnoHold of 80 of certain
tax benefits, if any, that we realize as a result of these increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering
into the Tax Receivable Agreement, including income or franchise tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement.
These payment obligations pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement are the obligation of the Company and not of Purple LLC. The actual
increase in our allocable share of the Company s tax basis in its assets, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under
the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the market price of shares
of our common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of our income.
For example, in January 2023 we paid 0.3 million to InnoHold under the Tax Receivable Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s
preliminary estimate of the liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement resulting from the deemed exchanges that occurred in connection
with the Business Combination and subsequent exchanges of 43.6 million Paired Securities as of December 31, 2022 was approximately
 168.8 million. The Company determined the likelihood of a future Tax Receivable Agreement liability was not probable and therefore no
liability has been recorded. To the extent the Company realizes tax benefits in future years, or in the event of a change in future tax
rates, or if payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are required to be accelerated, this liability may increase. 

Because not all of the relevant
factors described above are known at this time with respect to the exchanges that have occurred, and none of the relevant factors are
known with respect to 0.4 million future exchanges (whether this year or in subsequent years), except as estimated above, we cannot yet
with certainty determine the final amounts that will be payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, as a result of the size and
frequency of the exchanges and the resulting increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Purple LLC, the payments
under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The payments
under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned upon continued ownership of the Company by the holders of Class B Units. 

InnoHold will not be required
to reimburse us for any excess payments that may previously have been made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, for example, due to adjustments
resulting from examinations by taxing authorities. Rather, excess payments made to such holders will be netted against payments otherwise
to be made, if any, after the determination of such excess. As a result, in certain circumstances we could make payments under the Tax
Receivable Agreement in excess of our actual income or franchise tax savings, if any, and we may not be able to recoup such excess, which
could materially impair our financial condition and adversely affect our liquidity. 

45 

If all of the 0.4 million
Paired Securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022 were exchanged for shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the Exchange
Agreement, and the fair market value of the Class A common stock at the time of such exchange were equal to 4.32 per share (the
closing price of a share of our Class A common stock on February 28, 2023), our aggregate liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement
would not increase from the estimated 168.8 million liability described above, with the amount payable in estimated annual amounts
ranging from 0.0 million to 18.7 million over a 20-year period. The foregoing estimate of our aggregate liability is based on certain
assumptions, including that there are no changes in relevant tax law, that we are able to fully depreciate or amortize our assets, and
that we recognize taxable income sufficient to realize the full benefit of the increased depreciation and amortization of our assets in
each of the tax years. These assumptions may not be accurate with respect to all or any exchanges of Paired Securities for Class A
common stock. As a result, the amount and timing of our actual aggregate liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement may differ materially
from our estimates depending on a number of factors, including those described above and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In certain cases, payments under the Tax
Receivable Agreement may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject
to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

The Tax Receivable Agreement
provides that, in the event that we exercise our right to early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, or in the event of a change
of control of the Company or we are more than 90 days late in making of a payment due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, the Tax Receivable
Agreement will terminate, and we will be required to make a lump-sum payment to InnoHold equal to the present value of all forecasted
future payments that would have otherwise been made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which lump-sum payment would be based
on certain assumptions, including those relating to our future taxable income. We estimate the potential lump-sum payment to be approximately
 108.5 million as of February 28, 2023. This potential early termination payment can be significantly impacted by the discounted interest
rate at the time of termination. The change of control payment to InnoHold and the other owners could be substantial and could exceed
the actual tax benefits that we receive as a result of acquiring units from other owners of Purple LLC because the amounts of such payments
would be calculated assuming that we would have been able to use the potential tax benefits each year for the remainder of the amortization
periods applicable to the basis increases, and that tax rates applicable to us would be the same as they were in the year of the termination.
In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and
could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other
changes of control due to the additional transaction cost a potential acquirer may attribute to satisfying such obligations. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Decisions made in the course
of running our business, such as with respect to mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes in control,
may influence the timing and amount of payments that are received by InnoHold under the Tax Receivable Agreement. For example, the earlier
disposition of assets following an exchange or acquisition transaction will generally accelerate payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement
and increase the present value of such payments, and the disposition of assets before an exchange or acquisition transaction will increase
an existing owner s tax liability without giving rise to any rights of InnoHold to receive payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Even in the absence of an
early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, change of control of the Company or a payment that is more than 90 days late under
the Tax Receivable Agreement, there may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement
exceed the actual income or franchise tax savings that we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement
or if distributions to us by Purple LLC are not sufficient to permit us to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement after we have
paid taxes and other expenses. Furthermore, our obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could make us a less attractive
target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that are deemed realized
under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We may need to incur additional indebtedness to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement
to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies
or otherwise which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance
our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

46 

We may not be able to realize all or a portion
of the tax benefits that are expected to result from the acquisition of Units from Purple LLC Class B Unitholders. 

Pursuant to the Tax Receivable
Agreement, the Company will share tax savings resulting from (A) the amortization of the anticipated step-up in tax basis
in Purple LLC s assets as a result of (i) the Business Combination and (ii) the exchange of (a) the Class B
Units and (b) the Class B common stock, in each case that were received in connection with the Business Combination, for shares
of Class A common stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement and (B) certain other related transactions with InnoHold in connection
with the Business Combination. The amount of any such tax savings attributable to the payment of cash to InnoHold in connection with the
Business Combination and the exchanges contemplated by the Exchange Agreement will be paid 80 to InnoHold and other owners of such securities
and retained 20 by the Company. Our ability to realize, and benefit from, these tax savings depends on a number of assumptions, including
that we will earn sufficient taxable income each year during the period over which the deductions arising from any such basis increases
and payments are available and that there are no adverse changes in applicable law or regulations. If our actual taxable income were insufficient
to fully utilize such tax benefits or there were adverse changes in applicable law or regulations, we may be unable to realize all or
a portion of these expected benefits and our cash flows and stockholders equity could be negatively affected. 

Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates,
including as a result of new tax jurisdictions, or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our future effective tax rates
could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 

changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 

expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 

tax effects of stock-based compensation; 

costs related to intercompany restructurings; and 

the addition of new tax jurisdictions or changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof. 

In addition, we may be subject
to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by U.S. federal and state authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have
an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our ability to utilize our net operating
loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

Under Section 382 and
related provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if a corporation undergoes an ownership
change generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders
over a three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. If finalized, Treasury Regulations currently proposed
under Section 382 of the Code may further limit our ability to utilize our pre-change NOLs or other tax attributes if we undergo a future
ownership change. Thus, our ability to utilize carryforwards of our net operating losses, including net operating losses acquired from
the Intellibed acquisition, and other tax attributes to reduce future tax liabilities may be substantially restricted. As of December
31, 2022, we have not completed a Section 382 analysis and an ownership change may have occurred. There may be significant annual
limitations on the NOLs and other tax attributes. Until an analysis is completed, there can be no assurance that the existing net operating
loss carry-forwards or credits are not subject to significant limitation. In addition, we may experience ownership changes in the future
which could further limit our existing NOLs. 

47 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We lease three manufacturing
facilities in Grantsville, Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah and McDonough, Georgia, which manufacture Purple products. These factories
have a total of 1.5 million square-feet (35 acres under roof), including approximately 574,000 square-feet at our Grantsville, Utah facility,
844,000 square feet at our McDonough, Georgia facility and 67,000 square feet at our Salt Lake City, Utah facility. We believe our Georgia
location, our first manufacturing plant outside of Utah, serves our customers on the east coast more efficiently. Our facility in Salt
Lake City was acquired in the Intellibed acquisition in August 2022. We also lease a building in Alpine, Utah that has previously served
as a production facility. The lease for this facility terminates in September 2023 and the production capabilities have been transferred
to our other manufacturing facilities in Grantsville and McDonough. The Alpine location currently serves as our temporary center for innovation.
We also lease approximately 58,000 square-feet of office space in Lehi, Utah for our corporate headquarters and approximately 61,000 square-feet
of space in Draper, Utah which we plan will become our permanent innovation center. We have 55 Purple owned retail showrooms under lease
with ten located in California, six in Texas, five in Utah and 34 located in 21 other states throughout the United States. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Information regarding legal
proceedings can be found in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 22, Subsequent Events, of the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, ITEM 8 of this Report, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

48 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our Class A common stock is
listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol PRPL . As of March 20, 2023, there were approximately 95 holders of record
of shares of our Class A common stock and 14 holders of record of shares of our Class B common stock. Our Class B common stock is not
listed or quoted on any exchange and is not transferrable by the holders, subject to certain limited exceptions. This number does not
include stockholders for which shares are held in nominee or street name. 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements, general financial condition, our compliance with restrictive covenants in the 2020 Credit Agreement and other
future indebtedness that we may incur, opportunities to invest in future growth initiatives, and the discretion of our Board at such time.
Our Board is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Comparative Stock Performance 

The following graph illustrates
the cumulative total return over the last five years from February 2, 2018 through December 31, 2022, for (i) our Class A common stock,
(ii) the Standard and Poor s (S P) 500 Home Furnishings Index, and (iii) the Nasdaq Stock Market (U.S.) Index. The graph assumes
 100 was invested on February 2, 2018 in each of our Class A common stock, the S P 500 Home Furnishings Index, and the Nasdaq Stock
Market (U.S.) Index, and that any dividends were reinvested. The comparisons reflected in the graph are not intended to forecast the
future performance of our stock and may not be indicative of our future performance. The graph and related information shall not be deemed
to be soliciting material or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, nor shall such information
be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically
incorporates it by reference into such filing. 

02/02/18 
 12/31/18 
 12/31/19 
 12/31/20 
 12/31/21 
 12/31/22 
 
 Purple Innovation, Inc. 
 100.00 
 59.49 
 87.98 
 332.73 
 134.04 
 48.38 
 
 S P 500 Home Furnishings Index 
 100.00 
 52.53 
 66.51 
 63.88 
 72.53 
 40.70 
 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market (U.S.) Index 
 100.00 
 91.64 
 123.91 
 177.99 
 216.06 
 144.55 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Coliseum Private Placement 

Pursuant
to that certain Subscription Agreement dated February 1, 2018 between the Company and certain investment funds and vehicles affiliated
with or managed by Coliseum, Coliseum holds certain contractual preemptive rights relating to the sale of shares of our Class A common
stock, including the shares of Class A common stock sold in the February 2023 public offering described above. Coliseum currently holds
approximately 44.7 of our outstanding voting power. On February 8, 2023, we agreed with Coliseum that, contingent upon the underwriters
in the February 2023 public offering exercising their option to purchase additional shares of our Class A common stock, we may sell to
Coliseum up to its pro rata share of the Class A common stock sold pursuant to such option in a concurrent private placement at the public
offering price of 4.50 per share (the Coliseum Private Placement ). This would result in an aggregate of up to approximately
1,610,317 shares of our Class A common stock purchased by Coliseum in the Coliseum Private Placement, which amount would be in addition
to the shares sold in the February 2023 public offering and pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional shares.
We estimate that the net proceeds from the Coliseum Private Placement, if Coliseum purchases its pro rata share in full, will be approximately
 7.2 million. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

49 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking
statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All
statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements
are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and
assumptions of our management. Words such as expects, anticipates, targets, goals, 
 projects, intends, plans, believes, momentum, seeks, 
 estimates, continues, endeavors, strives, may, variations of such
words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections
of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses (including the discussion under the heading Outlook
for Growth ), and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned
that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult
to predict, including those under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results may
differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update
any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

The following discussion is
intended to provide a more comprehensive review of the operating results and financial condition of Purple than can be obtained from reading
the consolidated financial statements alone. The discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and
the notes thereto included in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements. 

Overview of Our Business 

Our mission is to help people
feel and live better through innovative comfort solutions. 

We began as a digitally-native
vertical brand founded on comfort product innovation with premium offerings, and are now omni-channel. We design and manufacture a variety
of innovative, branded and premium comfort products, including mattresses, pillows, cushions, bases, sheets, duvets, duvet covers and
other products. Our products are the result of over 30 years of innovation and investment in proprietary and patented comfort technologies
and the development of our own manufacturing processes. Our proprietary Hyper-Elastic Polymer gel technology underpins many of our comfort
products and provides a range of benefits that differentiate our offerings from other competitors products. We market and sell
our products through direct-to-consumer e-commerce and Purple owned retail showrooms (collectively DTC ), online marketplaces,
and retail wholesale partners. 

Organization 

The Company consists of Purple
Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary, Purple LLC. Purple Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on May 19, 2015 as a special purpose acquisition
company under the name of GPAC. On February 2, 2018, we consummated a transaction structured similar to a reverse recapitalization (the
 Business Combination pursuant to which Purple Inc. acquired an equity interest in Purple LLC and became its sole managing
member. As the sole managing member of Purple LLC, Purple Inc., through its officers and directors, is responsible for all operational
and administrative decision making and control of the day-to-day business affairs of Purple LLC without the approval of any other member.
At December 31, 2022, Purple Inc. had a 99.5 economic interest in Purple LLC while other Class B unit holders had the remaining 0.5 . 

On August 31, 2022, we acquired
all the issued and outstanding stock of Intellibed, which is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Purple LLC. For further discussion see Recent
Developments in Our Business Acquisition below. 

50 

Executive Summary Results of Operations 

Net revenues decreased 20.7 
to 575.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 726.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and decreased 11.2 
compared to 648.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. These decreases were primarily due to post-Covid changing demand for
home related products as consumer spending shifted towards services and experiences, the negative effect of inflationary pressures on
consumer discretionary spending and our intentional reduction in advertising spend. 

Gross profit decreased 28.6 
to 210.6 million in 2022 compared to 295.0 million in the prior year due primarily to the decrease in sales volume. The gross profit
percentage in 2022 was 36.6 as compared to 40.6 in 2021. Our gross profit percentage was adversely impacted by elevated levels of materials,
labor and freight costs, lower demand levels and a shift in revenue to our wholesale channel, which carries a lower average selling price
than sales from our DTC channel. In addition, our efficiency and cost reduction initiatives, including greater balancing of production
and fulfillment operations between facilities, were initiated in the first half of fiscal 2022 and did not become fully impactful until
the second half of the year. 

Operating expenses decreased
21.2 to 250.8 million in 2022 compared to 318.3 million in the prior year. This decrease primarily reflected the impact of reduced
advertising spend, workforce reductions and the implementation of other cost-saving measures. 

Other income was 163.2 million
in 2022 compared to 26.0 million in 2021. For similar reasons that led to the recording of a full valuation allowance on our deferred
tax assets, we evaluated the probability of amounts being owned pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement and determined the likelihood
of a future liability was not probable. As result, we reduced the Tax Receivable Agreement liability to zero at December 31,
2022. As a result, we recognized tax receivable agreement income of 162.0 million in our consolidated statement of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Income tax expense was 212.9
million in 2022 compared to an income tax benefit of 1.2 million in 2021. Based on available evidence, we concluded it was more likely
than not that our deferred tax assets would not be realized and that a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was appropriate.
In 2022, tax expense included 213.5 million related to the increase in our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. 

The net loss attributable
to us was 89.7 million in 2022 as compared to net income attributable to us of 4.0 million in 2021. The net loss reflected an operating
loss of 40.3 million, other income of 163.2 million and income tax expense of 212.9 million. 

Recent Developments in
Our Business 

Acquisition 

On August 31, 2022, we acquired
Intellibed, a premium sleep and health wellness company, offering gel-based mattresses scientifically designed for maximum back support,
spinal alignment and pressure point relief. We believe that the addition of Intellibed will increase product offerings to customers, expand
market opportunities (particularly into the luxury mattress category), capitalize on synergies of the combined companies, and increase
opportunities for innovation. In addition, the acquisition allowed us to consolidate ownership of our intellectual property licensed to
Intellibed and more fully capitalize on growing demand for products with gel technologies. The total purchase consideration for the acquisition
was 28.3 million, which primarily consisted of approximately 8.1 million shares of Class A Stock. In addition, the Intellibed securityholders
are entitled to receive an additional 1.5 million shares of Class A common stock if the closing price does not equal or exceed 5.00 for
at least ten trading days over any period of 30 consecutive trading days during the period beginning on the six-month anniversary of the
closing date and ending on the 18 month anniversary of the closing date. Also, 0.5 million shares of Class A common stock and 1.7 million
are being held in an escrow fund for the purposes of satisfying potential indemnification and other obligations of the securityholders
of Intellibed for up to 12 months following the closing. Purchase consideration also included the fair value of 0.5 million shares of
Class A common stock held in escrow pending resolution of net working capital adjustments and general representation and warranty provisions
of the agreement, the fair value of contingent consideration of 1.5 million shares of Class A common stock issuable to Intellibed securityholders
depending upon the price of the Class A common stock over the next 18 months, 1.4 million gain related to the fair value of a preexisting
legal matter that was effectively settled on the acquisition date, and 0.9 million related to the fair value of other items. 

51 

Coliseum Capital Management, LLC Proposal 

On September 17, 2022, we received an unsolicited and non-binding proposal
from Coliseum to acquire the remaining outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock not already beneficially owned
by Coliseum for 4.35 per share in cash. At the time of the offer, Coliseum beneficially owned approximately 44.7 of our outstanding
common stock. The Coliseum proposal was conditioned upon the transaction being (a) negotiated by, and subject to the approval of, a special
committee of independent and disinterested members of the Board (the Special Committee and (b) subject to a non-waivable
condition requiring approval by the affirmative vote of a majority of shares of common stock not owned by Coliseum or other interested
parties. The Special Committee was formed by the Board to determine the necessary actions to evaluate the Coliseum proposal and determine
the course of action that is in the best interests of all Company s shareholders. The Board expressly granted the Special Committee
the ability to decline the Coliseum proposal. In addition, the Special Committee adopted a stockholder rights agreement to have the time
and flexibility necessary to evaluate the Coliseum offer and to prevent a change of control without payment of an adequate control premium. 

On January 12, 2023, the Company
issued a press release stating the Special Committee had rejected Coliseum s unsolicited proposal. 

On January 13, 2023, Coliseum
submitted a letter to the chairman of the Board setting forth a cooperation proposal (the Cooperation Proposal ). On January
16, 2023, the Special Committee responded to the Cooperation Proposal. 

On January 17, 2023, Coliseum
filed a Schedule 13D/A with the SEC indicating that, in the absence of an agreement, Coliseum intended to nominate a slate of directors
for election at the 2023 annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company, which slate would constitute a majority of the Board. On January
19, 2023, the Special Committee issued a press release stating the position of the Special Committee with respect to the Coliseum proposal. 

On February 13, 2023, Coliseum
submitted a notice of its intention to nominate four persons to the Board, replacing four of the seven member Board and retaining only
Mr. DeMartini, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Gray, CCM s manager, and one of the existing non-executive directors.
In response, on February 13, 2023, the Company issued a press release expressing the Special Committee s response and position with
respect to Coliseum s proposal. 

On February 14, 2023, the
Company declared a dividend of one new PRPLS for each 100 shares of Purple common stock Common Stock owned by Purple s
shareholders. Each PRPLS votes together with the Common Stock in the election of directors, and related matters, and carries 10,000 votes
each. Holders of PRPLS will be entitled to allocate their votes among the nominees in director elections on a cumulative basis. PRPLS
holders can allocate all, none, or a portion of their votes to each director nominee up for election at the Company s meetings of
shareholders. On February 24, 2023, the Company issued 1.0 million PRPLS shares which trade with the Common Stock. Any new issuance of
Common Stock will automatically include a proportionate number of PRPLS. The PRPLS are redeemable at any time by an affirmative vote of
two-thirds of the members of the Board. PRPLS do not have any dividend rights and will be entitled to only a limited payment upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up in priority to any payments on the Common Stock but will not otherwise participate in any liquidating
distributions. On February 21, 2023, Coliseum filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery to invalidate Purple s issued PRPLS,
alleging that the issuance deprived Purple stockholders of a fair and democratic election of directors at the Company s 2023 Annual
Meeting and other related allegations. 

On February 21, 2023, Coliseum
filed a Complaint against the Company and several members of the Board in the Delaware Court of Chancery, captioned Coliseum Capital
Management, LLC v. Anthos , Case No. 2023-0220-PAF (Del. Ch. Feb. 21, 2023). The complaint alleges that the Company and the named
directors authorized an improper dividend of preferred stock in bad faith to impede stockholder voting rights and interfere with Coliseum s
nomination of a competing slate of director candidates ahead of the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Coliseum
is seeking: (1) declarations that the authorization of the PRPLS violated the Company s charter and amounted to a breach of the
named directors fiduciary duties; (2) a declaration that the PRPLS is invalid, unenforceable, and void; (3) unspecified damages
resulting from the alleged breach of duties; and (4) an award of costs and expenses incurred in pursuing the action. The parties
have agreed to hold an expedited trial on Coliseum s claims that will result in a resolution of the dispute before the Company s
2023 annual meeting of stockholders. The outcome of this litigation cannot be predicted at this early stage. However, Purple
intends to vigorously defend against the claims made by Coliseum. 

On
March 9, 2023, the Special Committee offered Coliseum a settlement proposal that included the following provisions, (i) Coliseum would
have the right to identify three of the six non-management members of a seven-member board, (ii) the other three non-management seats
would be filled by two existing independent directors and a new director who is a significant shareholder. In addition to Dawn Zier, who
already announced her intention not to stand for election at the 2023 Annual Meeting due to other commitments, two other current directors
would retire at or before the 2023 Annual Meeting, (iii) Coliseum managing partner Adam Gray would become Chairman of the Board, (iv)
the Special Committee would name one of the existing incumbent independent directors as Lead Independent Director, and (v) Coliseum would
commit to customary standstill provisions to provide stability for the Company for approximately 18 months. On March 16, 2023, the Special
Committee announced that Coliseum has rejected the settlement proposal. 

52 

Stockholder Rights Agreement 

On September 25, 2022, with
the authorization of the Board, the Special Committee approved the adoption of a limited-duration stockholder rights agreement with an
expiration date of September 25, 2023 (the Rights Agreement ). The Special Committee adopted the Rights Agreement in response
to Coliseum s substantial increase in ownership of our shares over the last year and the Special Committee s desire to have
the time and flexibility necessary to evaluate Coliseum s offer to acquire the outstanding common stock not already beneficially
owned by Coliseum. The Rights Agreement is intended to protect against any coercive or abusive takeover tactics, and to help ensure that
our stockholders are not deprived of the opportunity to realize the full and fair value of their investment. The Rights Agreement applies
equally to all current and future shareholders and does not deter any offer or preclude the Special Committee from considering an offer
that is fair and otherwise in the best interests of our shareholders. 

Upon adoption of the Rights
Agreement, 300,000 shares of our authorized shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were designated as Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock (the Preferred Shares ). In accordance with the Rights Agreement, on September 25, 2022, the
Special Committee authorized and declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a Right for each outstanding
share of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on October 6, 2022. Upon
the occurrence of certain triggering events, each Right entitles the holder to purchase from us one one-thousandth of a share of the newly
designated Preferred Shares at an exercise price of 20.00, subject to certain adjustments . The Rights will be exercisable only
if a person or group acquires beneficial ownership (including certain synthetic equity positions created by derivative securities) of
20 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock. Any person or group that beneficially owned more than the triggering percentage
when the Board adopted the Rights Agreement may continue to own its shares of common stock but may not acquire any additional shares without
triggering the Rights Agreement. Unless the Rights become exercisable as discussed above, the Rights Agreement has no impact on our consolidated
financial statements . 

Proportional Representation Preferred Linked
Stock 

On February 14, 2023, the
Company declared a dividend of one new PRPLS for each 100 shares of Purple common stock Common Stock owned by Purple s
shareholders. Each PRPLS votes together with the Common Stock in the election of directors, and related matters, and carries 10,000 votes
each. Holders of PRPLS will be entitled to allocate their votes among the nominees in director elections on a cumulative basis. PRPLS
holders can allocate all, none, or a portion of their votes to each director nominee up for election at the Company s meetings of
shareholders. On February 24, 2023, the Company issued 1.0 million PRPLS shares which trade with the Common Stock. Any new issuance of
Common Stock will automatically include a proportionate number of PRPLS. The PRPLS are redeemable at any time by an affirmative vote of
two-thirds of the members of the Board. PRPLS do not have any dividend rights and will be entitled to only a limited payment upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up in priority to any payments on the Common Stock but will not otherwise participate in any liquidating
distributions. 

On February 21, 2023, Coliseum
filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery to invalidate Purple s issued PRPLS, alleging that the issuance deprived stockholders
of a fair and democratic election of directors at the 2023 Annual Meeting, and other related allegations. 

Equity Financing 

On March 29, 2022, we completed
an underwritten public offering of 16.1 million shares of Class A common stock, which included the additional 2.1 million shares
of the over-allotment option that the underwriters exercised in full. We received aggregate net proceeds from the offering, after deducting
offering fees and expenses of 5.3 million, of approximately 92.9 million. 

53 

On December 27, 2022, we filed
a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC using the shelf registration process. As a result, we may offer and sell
from time to time, in one or more series or issuances and on terms that we will determine at the time of the offering, any combination
of the securities described in the registration statement, up to an aggregate amount of 90.0 million. The registration became effective
on January 30, 2023. 

On February 13, 2023, we completed
an underwritten offering of 13.4 million shares of Class A common stock. The underwriters did not exercise their over-allotment
option. We received aggregate net proceeds from the offering, after deducting offering fees and expenses of 3.3 million, of approximately
 57.0 million. Approximately 27.7 million of the proceeds was used to pay off the outstanding balance of the term loan including interest
and fees. 

Debt Financing 

On September 3, 2020, Purple
LLC entered into the 2020 Credit Agreement that provided for a 45.0 million term loan and a 55.0 million revolving line of credit. In
November 2021, we executed a 55.0 million draw on our revolving line of credit, which represented the full amount available under the
line. On March 31, 2022, we used a portion of the net proceeds from our underwritten public offering, described above, to repay in full
the 55.0 million of principal outstanding on the revolving line of credit. 

Our operating and financial
results for the year ended December 31, 2021 did not satisfy the financial and performance covenants required under the 2020 Credit
Agreement. On February 28, 2022, prior to the covenant compliance certification date, we entered into the first amendment of the 2020
Credit Agreement to avoid a breach of these covenants and potential default. This amendment contained a covenant waiver period such that
the net leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage ratio would not be tested for the fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2021, March
31, 2022 and June 30, 2022. Other modifications in the amendment included revised leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage definitions
and thresholds, the addition of minimum liquidity requirements with mandatory prepayments of the revolving loan if cash exceeded 25.0 million,
new weekly and monthly reporting requirements, limits on the amount of capital expenditures, the addition of a lease incurrence test for
opening additional showrooms, additional negative covenants during a covenant amendment period that extends into 2023 until certain conditions
are met, and the interest rate was changed from LIBOR plus 3.00 to the secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus 4.75 .
Pursuant to this amendment, we made a 2.5 million payment on the term loan to cover the four quarterly principal payments due in 2022
and incurred fees and expenses of 0.8 million that were recorded as debt issuance costs in the consolidated balance sheet. 

On March 23, 2022, we
entered into a second amendment to the 2020 Credit Agreement. This amendment modified the 2020 Credit Agreement to allow Coliseum to acquire
35 or more of the combined voting power of all our equity interests entitled to vote for the election of members of our Board without
constituting an event of default. Coliseum is considered a related party of the Company in that Adam Gray, a member of our Board, serves
as a manager of Coliseum who manages the Coliseum investment funds and accounts. Pursuant to this amendment, we incurred fees and expenses
of 0.4 million that were recorded as debt issuance costs in the consolidated balance sheet. 

On May 13, 2022 and September
9, 2022, the Company entered into a third and fourth amendment, respectively, to the 2020 Credit Agreement. These amendments modified
the permitted leases schedule to reflect a change in showroom locations and a new lease for an innovation building. The amendments did
not meet the criteria for a modification of existing debt and a minimal amount of expenses were recorded as general and administrative
expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 

On July 14, 2022, we received
consent under the 2020 Credit Agreement allowing the acquisition of Intellibed to constitute a permitted acquisition under the 2020 Credit
Agreement. We incurred fees and expenses of 0.3 million that were recorded as general and administrative expense in the consolidated
statement of operations. 

On December 30, 2022, we made
a 15.0 million prepayment against the outstanding term loan without payment of a premium or penalty. As of December 31, 2022, we were
in compliance with all of the financial covenants related to the 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended. The interest rate on the term loan
was 8.98 at December 31, 2022. 

On February 17, 2023, we entered
into a fifth amendment to the 2020 Credit Agreement. In accordance with this amendment, we repaid in full the 24.7 million outstanding
balance of the term loan, plus accrued interest. The amendment also provides that the maximum leverage ratio covenant will not be tested
for the first two quarters of 2023 and revises the ratio to 4.50x for the third quarter of 2023 and 3.00x for all quarters thereafter.
In addition, the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant will not be tested for the first two quarters of 2023 and revised to 1.50x
for the third and fourth quarters of 2023, and 2.00x for all quarters thereafter. Both the maximum leverage ratio and minimum fixed charge
coverage ratio will be calculated on a build-up basis for the third quarter of 2023, and then on a last twelve-month basis for the fourth
quarter of 2023 and thereafter. The amendment also revises the lease incurrence test which will allow us to incur ten new showroom leases
for stores scheduled to open in 2023 and six new leases for stores that will open in 2024. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, we
may begin incurring leases for stores that will open in 2024, subject to leverage ratio requirements. The leverage ratio must be less
than 2.50x to sign leases, with up to a maximum of six new leases per quarter, increasing to eight new leases per quarter if the leverage
ratio is less than 2.00x. The amendment also provides certain minimum consolidated EBITDA covenants for the first and second quarters
of 2023 based on our total unrestricted cash and unused revolver availability. The amendment further (i) reduces the amount available
under the revolving line of credit to 50.0 million, (ii) provides that the maturity date of the 2020 Credit Agreement
will spring forward to June 30, 2024 if our consolidated EBITDA is not greater than 15.0 million for 2023, (iii) reduces limits
on maximum growth capital expenditures to 32.0 million for 2023 and 35.0 million for 2024 and 2025, and (iv) revises
the current minimum liquidity covenant of 25.0 million to provide that it will increase to 30.0 million for
each three-month period following the applicable fiscal quarter if the leverage ratio is greater than 3.00x for any fiscal quarter ending
on or after the third quarter of 2023 . Pursuant to this amendment, we incurred fees and expenses of 2.7 million that were recorded
as debt issuance costs. There are no amounts currently drawn on the revolver and the available amount to draw is the full 50
million. In order to draw any amounts on the revolver, the Company must be in compliance with the covenants outlined in the fifth amendment. 

54 

Operational Developments 

The COVID-19 pandemic has
impacted many aspects of our operations, directly and indirectly, including disruption of our employees, consumer behavior, distribution
and logistics, our suppliers, and the market overall. Soon after the pandemic began, we experienced an increase in demand in our e-commerce
channel, and in 2020 and 2021 we increased our production capacity to match actual and anticipated demand growth. In 2022, after two years
of the pandemic, we began experiencing a pull-back in growth that left us with excess operational capacity in facilities, equipment, and
personnel. Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, net of showroom growth, we reduced employee headcount approximately 45 and took other
actions to lower costs. 

We continue to closely monitor
the impacts of general economic conditions on global supply chain, manufacturing, and logistics operations. As inflationary pressures
remain elevated, we anticipate that our production and operating costs will similarly increase. In addition, COVID-19 and other events,
including port closures or labor shortages, have resulted in the continuation or worsening of manufacturing and shipping costs, delays
and constraints. While most of our domestic suppliers have been able to continue operations and provide necessary materials when needed,
we have experienced some constraints from certain suppliers, with respect to both the availability and cost of materials. In addition,
to remain competitive in hiring and retaining the labor necessary to maintain our production levels, we have increased wages and other
compensation. These increases in materials, labor and freight costs have resulted in higher cost of goods sold and lower margins. 

In 2022, our gross profit
and results of operations were adversely affected by elevated levels of materials, labor and freight costs and lower demand levels. In
early 2022, to offset the impact of higher costs on our gross profits, we increased prices and initiated several other projects to improve
efficiencies and reduce costs, including pursuing greater balancing of production between facilities to reduce freight costs and shorten
delivery times. As the softening of demand for home related products continues, with consumers shifting spending towards services and
experiences, and consumer spending habits shift from e-commerce to brick and mortar, we have been investing in showroom expansion where
we continue to develop our capabilities. We also are growing our placements with wholesale partners and focusing on improving wholesale
door productivity. We ended 2022 with 55 Purple showrooms after adding 27 net new locations during the year and we plan to add additional
showrooms in 2023. In addition, at the end of fiscal 2022, our products were being sold through approximately 3,400 wholesale doors, having
added approximately 900 net new doors during 2022. Showroom expansion and improving the sales productivity of our wholesale doors remain
a primary focus and are critical components of our strategy to respond to shifting demand patterns. After several years of hyper growth
and increased investments to support current and future expansion, we are now building the framework for improved operational maturity
and accountability after focusing on right-sizing our operations, improving our execution, and refining our strategies that will drive
share gains in the premium mattress category and position us for accelerated growth. We also intentionally reduced our advertising spending
in 2022 to improve marketing efficiency and conserve profitability in a challenging macroeconomic environment. 

We believe the acquisition
of Intellibed was a strong strategic addition because of shared technology, geographic proximity of their primary facility, and an immediate
impact on our target luxury market expansion. We also expect to capitalize on synergies of the combined companies and benefit from expanding
the market presence of premium product offerings. In addition, the acquisition has allowed us to consolidate ownership of our intellectual
property and more fully capitalize on growing demand for products with gel technologies. Moreover, the acquisition accelerated our product
development program by several years and allowed us to immediately enter the luxury segment of the sleep and wellness industry as these
higher price points are a natural extension of our existing product offerings. 

Other Developments 

On
February 9, 2023, Dawn Zier, a member of the Board since November 2020, notified the Company of her decision to not stand for reelection
at the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, in order to prioritize her time to other commitments. Ms. Zier s
decision not to stand for reelection was not the result of any disagreement with the Company or the Board on any matter relating to the
Company s operations, policies, or practices. Ms. Zier intends to remain on the Company s Board until her term ends following
the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 

55 

Outlook for Growth 

We believe that our four strategic initiatives;
accelerating innovation, brand elevation, developing our three distribution channels and operational excellence, will be fundamental to
our future success. 

To support our plans for future growth and sustained
profitability, we are focusing on the following opportunities: 

Develop and execute on strategies to meaningfully expand our wholesale business by strengthening our wholesale relationships and prioritizing existing door productivity. With our new product line-up, initial testing with our wholesale partners has been very positive with product placement commitments exceeding our goal and dozens of shop-in-shops have confirmed with interest for several hundreds more. 

Expand and mature our fleet of 11 additional Purple company owned showrooms in 2023 to increase door productivity, provide a brand halo benefit to other channels in the surrounding areas, control the relationship with the consumer and increase share of more profitable DTC revenues. 

Build premium brand position to grow market share of the premium mattress category. We plan to launch our elevated brand positioning in the second quarter of 2023. 

Refine
 and enhance marketing strategies to reach a broader audience, increase customer engagement
 and reduce dependency on price promotions as a means of driving sales. 

Strengthen
 research and development disciplines and go-to-market processes to further develop our current
 product categories and position our business to eventually expand to additional categories. 

Manage
 production labor and capacity utilization to promote efficient use of our manufacturing facilities
 as we grow into our production footprint. 

Manage
 input costs, operating efficiencies, and pricing to offset gross profit erosion. 

There is no guarantee that
we will be able to effectively execute on these opportunities, which are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult
to predict, including the risks described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results
may differ materially and adversely from those described above. In addition, we may, in the future, adapt these focuses in response to
changes in the market or our business. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

In connection with the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), we are
required to make estimates and assumptions about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
sales, expenses and the related disclosures. Predicting future events is inherently an imprecise activity and as such requires the use
of judgment. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management
believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting
policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance
with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our
assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

Management believes the accounting
estimates discussed below are the most critical because they require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments,
resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Revenue Recognition 

Our revenue recognition
accounting methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate
the amount and timing of future sales returns and uncollectible accounts. Our estimates of the amount and timing of sales returns
and uncollectible accounts are based primarily on historical transaction experience. Our sales return liability decreased from 7.1
million at December 31, 2021 million to 5.1 million as of December 31, 2022. Our allowance for doubtful accounts was not material
at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be any material changes in
the accounting methodology, future estimates or assumptions used to measure the estimated liability for sales returns and exchanges
or credit losses. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to losses or
gains that could be material. 

56 

Warranty Liabilities 

We provide a limited warranty
on most of the products we sell. The estimated warranty costs, which are expensed at the time of sale and included in cost of revenues,
are based on the results of product testing, industry and historical trends and warranty claim rates incurred and are adjusted for any
current or expected trends as appropriate. We regularly assess and adjust the estimate of accrued warranty claims by updating claims rates
for actual trends and projected claim costs. We classify as non-current those estimated warranty costs expected to be paid out in greater
than one year. As of December 31, 2022, the current and non-current portions of our warranty liabilities were 5.0 million
and 15.6 million, respectively, compared to 3.9 million and 11.1 million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. We have not made
any material changes in the warranty liability assessment methodology used and we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that
a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our warranty liability will occur. However, if actual results are
not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. 

Income Taxes 

Accounting for income taxes
requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included
in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future
tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more-likely-than-not
that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated by applying existing
tax laws and the rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the year of the enacted rate change.
Our effective tax rate is primarily impacted by the allocation of income taxes to the noncontrolling interest and changes in our valuation
allowance. Also, changes in existing federal and state tax laws and corporate income tax rates could affect future tax results and the
realization of deferred tax assets over time. 

For purposes of evaluating
our deferred tax assets and liabilities, we entered a cumulative 3-year loss position in Q4 2022 due primarily to the impact of positive
2020 operating results rolling out of the cumulative 3-year period analysis. Based on this and other available evidence, we concluded
it was more likely than not that our deferred tax assets would not be realized and a full valuation allowance for our net deferred tax
assets was appropriate at December 31, 2022. Due to the increase in the valuation allowance, we recognized deferred tax expense of 213.5
million in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. We had previously recognized deferred tax benefits
of 3.6 million and 45.8 million in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively,
based on our previous conclusion that it was more likely than not that some of our deferred tax assets would be realized and that a full
valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets was not appropriate. 

We account for uncertainty
in income taxes using a recognition and measurement threshold for tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, which are
subject to examination by federal and state taxing authorities. The tax benefit from an uncertain tax position is recognized when it is
more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities based on technical merits of the position. The
amount of the tax benefit recognized is the largest amount of the benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. The effective tax rate and the tax basis of assets and liabilities reflect management s estimates of the
ultimate outcome of various tax uncertainties. Judgment is required in evaluating uncertain tax positions. We evaluate our uncertain tax
positions quarterly based on various factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, tax laws or the status of audits by tax authorities.
Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements
in the period in which we make the change. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no uncertain tax positions were recognized as liabilities
in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Tax Receivable Agreement 

In connection with the Business
Combination, we entered into an agreement with InnoHold LLC (InnoHold), which provides for the payments to InnoHold of 80 of the net
cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that we realize (or are deemed to realize in certain circumstances)
in periods after the closing of the Business Combination as a result of (i) any tax basis increases in the assets of Purple LLC resulting
from the distribution to InnoHold of the cash consideration, (ii) the tax basis increases in the assets of Purple LLC resulting from the
redemption by Purple LLC or the exchange, as applicable, of Class B Paired Securities or cash, as applicable, and (iii) imputed interest
deemed to be paid by us as a result of, and additional tax basis arising from, payments it makes under the agreement. 

As noncontrolling interest
holders exercise their right to exchange or cause Purple LLC to redeem all or a portion of its Class B Units, a liability under the Tax
Receivable Agreement may be recorded based on 80 of the estimated future cash tax savings that we may realize as a result of increases
in the basis of the assets of Purple LLC attributed to us as a result of such exchange or redemption. The amount of the increase in asset
basis, the related estimated cash tax savings and the attendant tax receivable agreement liability to be recorded will depend on the price
of our Class A common stock at the time of the relevant redemption or exchange. 

57 

As a result of the initial
merger transaction and subsequent exchanges of Class B Units for Class A common stock, the long-term portion of the potential future tax
receivable agreement liability was 162.2 million as of December 31, 2021. This balance was reduced in 2022 by 0.3 million for a payment
to be made in 2023 that we classified as a short-term liability. We evaluated the probability of amounts being owed pursuant to the Tax
Receivable Agreement and determined the likelihood of a future liability was not probable. As result, we reduced the Tax Receivable Agreement
liability to zero at December 31, 2022 and we recognized tax receivable agreement income of 162.0 million in our consolidated statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We are currently unable to
determine the future amount of these payments due to the unpredictable nature of several factors, including the timing of future exchanges,
the market price of shares of Class A common stock at the time of the exchanges, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the
amount and timing of future taxable income sufficient to utilize tax attributes that give rise to the payments under the tax receivable
agreement. 

Results of Operations 

A discussion regarding our
financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is presented
below. A separate discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared
to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found under Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 16, 2022. 

Operating Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared
to the year ended December 31, 2021 

The following table sets
forth for the periods indicated, our results of operations and the percentage of total net revenues represented in our consolidated statements
of operations: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 Net Revenues 
 2021 
 Net Revenues 
 
 Revenues, net 
 575,692 
 100.0 
 726,227 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 365,110 
 63.4 
 431,253 
 59.4 
 
 Gross profit 
 210,582 
 36.6 
 294,974 
 40.6 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Marketing and sales 
 165,388 
 28.7 
 239,290 
 33.0 
 
 General and administrative 
 76,702 
 13.3 
 72,095 
 9.9 
 
 Research and development 
 8,755 
 1.5 
 6,939 
 1.0 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 250,845 
 43.6 
 318,324 
 43.8 
 
 Operating loss 
 (40,263 
 (7.0 
 (23,350 
 (3.2 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 
 (3,536 
 (0.6 
 (1,872 
 (0.3 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 423 
 0.1 
 (194 

Change in fair value warrant liabilities 
 4,343 
 0.8 
 24,054 
 3.3 
 
 Tax receivable agreement income 
 161,970 
 28.1 
 4,016 
 0.6 
 
 Total other income, net 
 163,200 
 28.3 
 26,004 
 3.6 
 
 Net income before income taxes 
 122,937 
 21.4 
 2,654 
 0.4 
 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 (212,864 
 (37.0 
 1,217 
 0.2 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (89,927 
 (15.6 
 3,871 
 0.5 
 
 Net loss attributable to noncontrolling
 interest 
 (238 
 
 (160 

Net income (loss) attributable to Purple
 Innovation, Inc. 
 (89,689 
 (15.6 
 4,031 
 0.6 

Revenues, Net 

Net revenues decreased 150.5 million, or 20.7 , to 575.7 million
for year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 726.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decline in net revenues reflected
a 124.9 million decrease in mattress sales, a 14.8 million decrease in other sleep product sales and a 10.8 million decrease in other
product sales. The decrease in net revenues was primarily due to softening demand for home related products and the negative effect of
inflationary pressures on consumer discretionary spending, with consumer spending shifting towards services and experiences. In addition,
net revenues in the prior year were positively impacted by demand in the first half of 2021 that was driven by the effects of COVID and
economic stimulus. The decline in net revenues from a sales channel perspective consisted of DTC net revenues decreasing 143.7 million,
or 30.3 and wholesale net revenues decreasing 6.8 million, or 2.7 . Within the DTC channel, e-commerce net revenue declined 174.4 million,
or 39.5 , and Purple owned retail showroom net revenue increased 30.7 million, or 94.7 . The decrease in e-commerce net revenues reflected
the impact of the reasons stated above coupled with customers shifting away from e-commerce buying. The increase in Purple owned retail
showroom net revenue was mainly driven by showrooms increasing from 28 at the end of 2021 to 55 at the end of 2022. The decrease in wholesale
net revenues primarily reflected reduced purchases by our existing wholesale partners during 2022 due primarily to declining wholesale
door productivity. This decrease was offset in part by the effects of adding approximately 900 net new wholesale partner doors in fiscal
2022 coupled with the 9.7 million in net revenues from the Intellibed acquisition, which contributed primarily wholesale net revenues.
In addition to the continued macroeconomic effects described above, we anticipate that net revenue in the first quarter of 2023 will be
impacted by our introduction of new product models, as our retail partners sell through our legacy mattress models ahead of taking delivery
of new models in the second quarter. 

58 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues decreased 66.1 million, or 15.3 , to 365.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 431.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due primarily to the decrease in
sales volume. Our gross profit percentage, which decreased to 36.6 of net revenues in 2022 from 40.6 in 2021, was adversely impacted
by elevated levels of materials, labor and freight costs and lower demand levels and the shift to a higher proportion of wholesale channel
revenue, which carries a lower average selling price than sales from our e-commerce and retail showroom channels, partially offset by
savings realized from cost reduction initiatives. Our efficiency and cost saving initiatives, including greater balancing of production
and fulfillment operations between the facilities, were initiated during the first half of fiscal 2022 and did not become fully impactful
until the second half of the year. We anticipate that we will continue to realize the benefits of our efficiency and cost saving initiatives
in 2023. 

Marketing and Sales 

Marketing and sales expense
decreased 73.9 million, or 30.9 , to 165.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 239.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2021. This decrease was driven by a 95.5 million, or 58.9 , decline in advertising spending and a 15.0 million decrease
in other marketing costs. The reduction in advertising spending was primarily due to management s ongoing efforts to improve marketing
efficiency, conserve profitability in a challenging macroeconomic environment and align spending with current demand levels. The decrease
in other marketing costs reflected the impact of cost management efforts, including marketing headcount reductions, executed earlier in
2022. These decreases were offset in part by a 13.8 million increase in wholesale-related marketing and sales costs due in part to growing
the sales organization of our wholesale business and a 22.8 million increase in marketing and sales costs associated with showroom expansion.
Marketing and sales expense as a percentage of net revenues was 28.7 in 2022 compared to 33.0 in 2021. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative
expense increased 4.6 million, or 6.4 , to 76.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 72.1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to a 3.7 million increase in payroll and benefits expense and 1.2 million
in costs associated with the Intellibed acquisition, offset in part by a 0.7 million decrease in legal and professional fees. The
increase in payroll and benefit costs mainly reflected the impact of job reclassifications for certain employees in the first half of
2022. The decrease in legal and professional fees was primarily due to 7.9 million of underwriting commissions and other costs we paid
in the prior year second quarter for shares sold by Coliseum. This decrease was partially offset by a one-time separation fee for not
continuing with the services of a professional services provider, expenses incurred by the Special Committee and Intellibed transaction
costs. 

Research and Development 

Research and development
costs increased 1.8 million, or 26.2 , to 8.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6.9 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. This increase primarily reflected higher payroll and benefit costs as our renewed focus on product innovation resulted in the
growth of our research and development team, which included the addition of our chief innovation officer. 

Operating Income (Loss) 

Operating loss increased
 16.9 million to 40.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 23.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This
increase primarily resulted from a decrease in gross profit that was driven by lower sales and a reduced gross profit margin, offset
in part by a decrease in operating expenses related primarily to lower advertising spend. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense totaled 3.5
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest paid on the term
loan increased 1.0 million as the average interest rate paid increased from 3.50 in 2021 to 6.31 in 2022, due mainly to the change
in terms from our credit agreement amendment in February of 2022. Interest expense was also impacted by a 0.3 million increase in interest
paid on the 55.0 million revolving line of credit that we drew down in November 2021 and repaid in full on March 31, 2022. In addition,
interest expense reflected a 0.4 million increase in debt issuance cost amortization. We incurred 2.5 million in debt issuance costs upon
entering into the 2020 Credit Agreement and incurred an additional 1.2 million in debt issuance costs for two of the amendments
entered into in 2022. 

59 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Other income totaled 0.4
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to other expense of 0.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
in other income primarily resulted from the effective settlement of a preexisting legal matter upon our acquisition of Intellibed on August
31, 2022 at an estimated fair value gain of 1.4 million. The impact of this gain was offset in part by a 0.6 million loss recorded on
the disposal of production machinery and equipment. 

Change in Fair Value Warrant Liabilities 

The 1.9 million sponsor warrants
outstanding had a negligible fair value at December 31, 2022 compared to a fair value of 4.3 million at December 31, 2021. This decrease
in fair value was primarily due to the five-year term of the sponsor warrants ending on February 2, 2023 coupled with our Class A common
stock price declining 63.9 to 4.79 at the end of 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized gains of 4.3
million and 24.1 million, respectively, in our consolidated statements of operations related to decreases in the fair value of the sponsor
warrants exercised during the respective periods or that were outstanding at the end of the respective periods. 

Tax Receivable Agreement Income 

In connection with the Business Combination, we entered into a Tax
Receivable Agreement which generally provides for the payment by us to InnoHold of 80 of certain tax benefits, if any, that we realize
as a result of increases in our allocable share of the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Purple LLC. As a result of the
initial merger transaction and subsequent exchanges of Class B Units for Class A common stock, the long-term portion of the potential
future tax receivable agreement liability totaled 162.2 million at December 31, 2021. This balance was reduced by 0.2 million for a
future payment that was classified as a short-term liability during 2022. For similar reasons that led to the recording of a full valuation
allowance on our deferred tax assets, we evaluated the probability of amounts being owed pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement and
determined the likelihood of a future liability was not probable. As result, we reduced the Tax Receivable Agreement liability to zero at
December 31, 2022 and we recognized tax receivable agreement income of 162.0 million in our consolidated statement of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 

Income tax expense was 212.9
million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an income tax benefit of 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For
purposes of evaluating our deferred tax assets, we entered a cumulative 3-year loss position during Q4 of 2022 due primarily to the impact
of positive 2020 operating results rolling out of the cumulative 3-year period analysis. Based on this and other available evidence, we
concluded it was more likely than not that our deferred tax assets would not be realized and a full valuation allowance for our net deferred
tax assets was appropriate. Due to the increase in our valuation allowance, we recognized deferred tax expense of 213.5 million in our
consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. This was offset in part by a current tax benefit of 0.6 million
recorded in 2022. 

Noncontrolling Interest 

We calculate net income or
loss attributable to noncontrolling interests on a quarterly basis using their weighted average ownership percentage. Net loss attributed
to noncontrolling interests was 0.2 million in both 2022 and 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our principal sources of funds are cash flows from operations and cash
and cash equivalents on hand, supplemented with borrowings made pursuant to our credit facility and proceeds received from offerings of
our equity capital. Principal uses of funds consist of payments of principal and interest on our debt facilities, capital expenditures
and working capital needs as well as other contractual obligations described below. Our working capital needs depend largely upon the
timing of cash receipts from product sales, payments to vendors and others, changes in inventories, and operating lease payment obligations.
Our unrestricted cash and working capital positions were 40.0 million and 62.0 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 compared
to 91.6 million and 87.5 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Cash used for capital expenditures decreased from 57.1 million
in 2021 to 38.2 million in 2022. Our capital expenditures in 2022 primarily consisted of leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures
associated with the opening of new Purple owned retail showrooms. In 2023, we believe our capital expenditures will be approximately 35.0
million. 

60 

In the event our cash flow
from operations or other sources of financing are less than anticipated, we believe we will be able to fund operating expenses and continue
satisfying the conditions of our 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended, based on our ability to scale back operations, reduce marketing spend,
use available liquidity under our revolving line of credit, and postpone or discontinue our growth strategies. In such event, this could
result in slower growth or no growth, and we may run the risk of losing key suppliers, we may not be able to timely satisfy customer orders,
and we may not be able to retain all of our employees. We may also consider restructuring our obligations with current creditors, pursue
work-out options or seek additional funding sources including new debt or equity capital. In addition, our 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended,
includes various covenants and obligations that may make it difficult to obtain additional capital on terms that are favorable to us and
to execute on our growth strategies. 

Based on our current projections,
we believe our cash on hand, amounts available under our revolving line of credit, and expected cash to be generated from our DTC and
wholesale channels will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements, comply with debt covenants and cover anticipated
capital expenditures for the next 12 months and beyond. 

Underwritten Offering 

In March 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of 16.1
million shares of Class A common stock, which included 2.1 million shares relating to the over-allotment option that the underwriters
exercised in full. The aggregate net proceeds we received from the offering, after deducting offering fees and expenses of 5.3 million,
totaled approximately 92.9 million. 

Shelf Registration Statement and Subsequent
Underwritten Offering 

On December 27, 2022, we filed
a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC using the shelf registration process and on January 30, 2023, it became
effective. As a result, we may offer and sell from time to time, in one or more series or issuances and on terms that we will determine
at the time of the offering, any combination of the securities described in the registration statement, up to an aggregate amount of 90.0
million. 

On February 13, 2023, we completed an underwritten offering of 13.4
million shares of Class A Stock. The underwriters did not exercise their over-allotment option. We received aggregate net proceeds
from the offering, after deducting offering fees and expenses of 3.3 million, of approximately 57.0 million. Approximately 27.7 million
of the proceeds was used to pay off the outstanding balance of the term loan including interest and fees. 

Debt 

On September 3, 2020, Purple LLC entered into the 2020 Credit Agreement
that provided for a 45.0 million term loan and a 55.0 million revolving line of credit. The term loan is being repaid in accordance
with a five-year amortization schedule and may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without premium or penalty, subject to reimbursement
of certain costs. The revolving credit facility has a term of five years and carries the same interest provisions as the term debt. A
commitment fee is due quarterly based on the applicable margin applied to the unused total revolving commitment. In November 2021, we
executed a 55.0 million draw on our revolving line of credit, which represented the full amount available under the line. 

Our operating and financial
results for the year ended December 31, 2021 did not satisfy the financial and performance covenants required under the 2020 Credit
Agreement. On February 28, 2022, prior to the covenant compliance certification date, we entered into the first amendment of the 2020
Credit Agreement to avoid a breach of these covenants and potential default. This amendment contained a covenant waiver period such that
the net leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage ratio would not be tested for the fiscal quarters ended December 31, 2021, March
31, 2022 and June 30, 2022. Other modifications in the amendment included revised leverage ratio and fixed charge coverage definitions
and thresholds, the addition of minimum liquidity requirements with mandatory prepayments of the revolving loan if cash exceeded 25.0 million,
new weekly and monthly reporting requirements, limits on the amount of capital expenditures, the addition of a lease incurrence test for
opening additional showrooms, additional negative covenants during a covenant amendment period that extends into 2023 until certain conditions
are met, and the interest rate was changed from LIBOR plus 3.00 to SOFR plus 4.75 . Pursuant to this amendment, we made a 2.5 million
payment on the term loan to cover the four quarterly principal payments due in 2022 and incurred fees and expenses of 0.8 million that
were recorded as debt issuance costs in the 2022 consolidated balance sheet. 

On March 23, 2022, we
entered into a second amendment to the 2020 Credit Agreement. This amendment modified the 2020 Credit Agreement to allow Coliseum to acquire
35 or more of the combined voting power of all our equity interests entitled to vote for the election of members of our Board without
constituting an event of default. Coliseum is considered a related party of the Company in that Adam Gray, a member of our Board, serves
as a manager of Coliseum who manages the Coliseum investments funds and accounts. Pursuant to this amendment, we incurred fees and expenses
of 0.4 million that were recorded as debt issuance costs in the 2022 consolidated balance sheet. 

61 

On March 31, 2022, we used
a portion of the net proceeds from the underwritten offering to repay in full the 55.0 million of principal outstanding on the revolving
line of credit. 

On May 13, 2022 and September
9, 2022, we entered into a third and fourth amendment, respectively, to the 2020 Credit Agreement. These amendments modified the permitted
leases schedule to reflect a change in showroom locations and a new lease for an innovation building. The amendments did not meet the
criteria for a modification of existing debt and the minimal expenses were recorded as general and administrative expenses in the 2022
consolidated statement of operations. 

On July 14, 2022, we received
consent under the 2020 Credit Agreement allowing our acquisition of Intellibed to constitute a permitted acquisition under the 2020 Credit
Agreement. We incurred fees and expenses of 0.3 million that were recorded as general and administrative expense in the 2022 consolidated
statement of operations. 

On December 30, 2022, we made
a 15.0 million prepayment against the outstanding term loan without payment of a premium or penalty. As of December 31, 2022, we were
in compliance with all of the financial covenants related to the 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended. The interest rate on the term loan
was 8.98 at December 31, 2022. 

On February 17, 2023, we entered
into a fifth amendment to the 2020 Credit Agreement. In accordance with this amendment, we repaid in full the 24.7 million outstanding
balance of the term loan plus accrued interest. The amendment also provided that the maximum leverage ratio covenant will not be tested
for the first two quarters of 2023 and revises the ratio to 4.50x for the third quarter of 2023 and 3.00x for all quarters thereafter.
In addition, the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant will not be tested for the first two quarters of 2023 and revised to 1.50x
for the third and fourth quarters of 2023, and 2.00x for all quarters thereafter. Both the maximum leverage ratio and minimum fixed charge
coverage ratio will be calculated on a build-up basis for the third quarter of 2023, and then on a last twelve-month basis for the fourth
quarter of 2023 and thereafter. The amendment will also revise the lease incurrence test which will allow us to incur ten new showroom
leases in 2023 and six new showroom leases in 2024. Moreover, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, we will be allowed to begin incurring
leases for additional stores that will open in 2024, subject to maximum leverage ratio requirements. The leverage ratio must be less than
2.50x to sign leases, with up to a maximum of six new leases per quarter, increasing to eight new leases per quarter if the leverage ratio
is less than 2.00x. The amendment will also provide certain minimum consolidated EBITDA covenants for the first and second quarters of
2023 based on our total unrestricted cash and unused revolver availability. The amendment further (i) reduces the amount available
under the revolving line of credit to 50.0 million, (ii) provides that the maturity date of amounts drawn under the 2020
Credit Agreement will accelerate to June 30, 2024 if our consolidated EBITDA is not greater than 15.0 million for 2023, (iii)
reduces limits on maximum growth capital expenditures to 32.0 million for 2023 and 35.0 million for 2024 and 2025, and (iv) revises
the current minimum liquidity covenant of 25.0 million to provide that it will increase to 30.0 million for
each three-month period following the applicable fiscal quarter if the leverage ratio is greater than 3.00x for any fiscal quarter ending
on or after the third quarter of 2023. Pursuant to this amendment, we incurred fees and expenses of 2.7 million that were recorded
as debt issuance costs. There are no amounts currently drawn on the revolver and the available amount to draw is the full 50
million. In order to draw any amounts on the revolver, we must be in compliance with the covenants outlined in the fifth amendment. 

Tax Receivable Agreement 

We are required to make certain payments to InnoHold under the Tax
Receivable Agreement, which may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources. As of December 31, 2021, the long-term
portion of the potential future tax receivable agreement liability totaled 162.2 million. This balance was reduced by 0.3 million for
a payment to be made in 2023 that was classified as a short-term liability during 2022. For similar reasons that led to the recording
of a full valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets, we evaluated the probability of amounts being owed pursuant to the Tax Receivable
Agreement and determined the likelihood of a future liability was not probable. As result, we reduced the Tax Receivable Agreement
liability to zero at December 31, 2022 We are currently unable to determine the total future amount of these payments due to the
unpredictable nature of several factors, including the timing of future exchanges, the market price of shares of Class A Stock at the
time of the exchanges, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and the amount and timing of future taxable income sufficient to
utilize tax attributes that give rise to the payments under the agreement. 

Other Contractual Obligations 

In addition to the material
contractual obligations discussed above, other material contractual obligations primarily include operating lease payments obligations.
See Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2021 

The following summarizes
our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as reported in our consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 (28,773 
 (30,903 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (34,501 
 (57,059 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 13,412 
 56,623 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 (49,862 
 (31,339 
 
 Cash, beginning of the period 
 91,616 
 122,955 
 
 Cash, end of the period 
 41,754 
 91,616 

62 

Cash used in operating activities
was 28.8 million and 30.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash used in operating activities in
2022 was primarily comprised of a net loss of 89.9 million, offset in part by non-cash adjustments totaling 68.4 million.
These non-cash adjustments primarily related to deferred income taxes of 213.5 million and depreciation and amortization of 17.5 million,
partially offset by Tax Receivable Agreement income of 162.0 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities further reduced cash
used in operating activities by 7.2 million in 2022. This decrease related mostly to a 33.6 million decrease in accounts payable combined
with a 4.1 million increase in accounts receivable due to timing of receipts, offset in part by a 29.0 million decrease in inventories.
The decline in accounts payable was mainly due to the balance at the end of 2021 being higher than normal because of payment timing coupled
with the impact of larger advertising spend in the fourth quarter of 2021. The decrease in inventories was primarily due to management s
efforts to rebalance production and fulfillment operations during 2022. 

Cash used in investing activities
was 34.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 57.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our capital
expenditures in 2022 primarily consisted of leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures associated with the opening of new Purple
owned retail showrooms. In 2021, our capital expenditures included competing the build out of our manufacturing facility in Georgia, and
enhancing manufacturing and safety capabilities at our manufacturing facility in Utah. 

Cash provided by financing
activities was 13.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 56.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Financing
activities in 2022 included 92.9 million of net proceeds received from the underwritten stock offering, offset in part by a 55.0 million
revolving line of credit payment, a 15.0 million prepayment made on the term loan, a 5.8 million payment on the Tax Receivable Agreement,
and 3.8 million in other debt related payments. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

For a description of recently
adopted and issued accounting standards, including the respective dates of adoption and expected effects on our results of operations
and financial condition, refer to Note 2 to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk 

Interest Rate Risk 

We currently do not have any
amounts outstanding on our term loan or revolving line of credit. Out term debt was paid off on February 17, 2023. Our revolving line
of credit bears interest at variable rates, which exposes us to market risks relating to interest rate fluctuations. Interest rate risk
is highly sensitive due to many factors, including U.S. monetary and tax policies, U.S. and international economic factors and other factors
beyond our control. As of December 31, 2022, we had 24.7 million of variable rate debt outstanding under our term loan and
no outstanding balance on our revolving line of credit. Based on this debt level, an increase of 100 basis points in the effective
interest rate on our outstanding debt at December 31, 2022 would have resulted in an increase in interest expense of approximately 0.3
million over the next 12 months, if we had not paid off the debt. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative
or trading purposes, but this does not preclude our adoption of specific hedging strategies in the future. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

Reference is made to Pages
F-1 through F-51 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Salt Lake City, Utah; PCAOB ID#243) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

63 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Interim Chief Financial Officer CFO ), we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance
that the information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our certifying officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based upon this evaluation
and the above criteria, our CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31,
2022 at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation,
our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

On August 31, 2022, we acquired
Advanced Comfort Technologies, Inc., dba Intellibed Intellibed ). We are currently in the process of integrating Intellibed
into our assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. Management s assessment and conclusions on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 excludes an assessment of the internal control over financial
reporting of Intellibed. Intellibed represents approximately 1.7 of the Company s total revenues for the 12 months ending December
31, 2022. 

The effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by BDO USA, LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 

Previously Reported Material Weakness 

As
previously reported, during the quarter ended September 30, 2022, we determined a material weakness existed relating to ineffective ITGCs
in the areas of user access and segregation of duties related to certain IT systems that support the Company s financial reporting
processes. We believe that these control deficiencies were a result of turnover of critical IT leadership; insufficient training of IT
personnel; and inadequate risk-assessment processes to identify and assess user access in certain IT systems that could impact internal
controls over financial reporting. As a result, we determined that we did not have effective controls to prevent or detect a material
financial statement misstatement on a timely basis. 

In response to this material weakness, management,
with oversight of the Audit Committee of the Board, effectively implemented a software solution to assist in managing access and segregation
of duties, provided enhanced training to those responsible for IT systems, and implemented improvements to ITGC processes. Based on these
measures, management has tested the ITGCs, found them effective, and concluded that the previously reported material weakness described
above has been remediated as of December 31, 2022 . 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other than the remediation efforts related to the design and implementation
of sufficient controls and processes around ITGCs, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter
ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

64 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

Purple Innovation, Inc. 

Lehi, Utah 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

We have audited Purple Innovation, Inc. s
(the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements and our report dated March 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit of internal control over
financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

Salt Lake City, Utah 

March 22, 2023 

65 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

66 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The
information required under the captions Directors and Corporate Governance is incorporated herein by reference
to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which proxy statement will be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Information
concerning our executive officers is included in Part I of this report under the caption Information About Our Executive Officers. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required
under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which
proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required
under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which
proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required
under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which
proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required
under this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which
proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the Company s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

67 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules 

(a) The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial
 Statements 

The following financial statements
are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Salt Lake City, Utah; PCAOB ID#243) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity
 (Deficit) 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(2) Financial
 Statements Schedule 

All other financial statement
schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is
presented in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in Item 15 of Part IV below. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and
copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549 at prescribed
rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov . 

68 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1# 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 2, 2017, by and among Global Partner Acquisition Corp., PRPL Acquisition, LLC, Purple Innovation, LLC, InnoHold, LLC and Global Partner Sponsor I LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on November 3, 2017) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 8, 2018, by and among Global Partner Acquisition Corp., Purple Innovation, LLC, PRPL Acquisition, LLC and other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on January 8, 2018) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 14, 2018, by and among Purple Innovation, Inc., Purple Innovation, LLC, Global Partner Sponsor I LLC and InnoHold, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018) 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 14, 2018, by and among Purple Innovation, Inc., Purple Innovation, LLC, Global Partner Sponsor I LLC and InnoHold, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on August 9, 2018) 
 
 2.5# 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2022, by and among Purple Innovation, Inc., Gelato Intermediate, LLC, Gelato Merger Sub, Inc., Advanced Comfort Technologies, Inc., and D. Scott Peterson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on November 6, 2019) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Preferred Stock of the Company, dated September 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on September 27, 2022). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Proportional Representation Preferred Linked Stock of the Company, dated February 14, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Class A Common Stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Class B Common Stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Stockholder Rights Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2022, by and between the Company and Pacific Stock Transfer Company, as rights agent (which includes the Form of Rights Certificate as Exhibit B thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on September 27, 2022). 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 Form of Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018) 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018) 
 
 10.3+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018) 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018) 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Form of Stock Bonus Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated February 2, 2018, by and between Purple Innovation, Inc., Purple Innovation, LLC and InnoHold, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 

69 

10.7 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated February 2, 2018, by and between Purple Innovation, Inc. and InnoHold, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 2, 2018, between Purple Innovation, Inc. and Tony Pearce (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 2, 2018, between Purple Innovation, Inc. and Terry Pearce (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 
 
 10.10+ 
 
 Purple Innovation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated February 1, 2018, between Global Partner Acquisition Corp., Global Partner Sponsor I LLC, Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P. and Blackwell Partners LLC Series A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Agreement to Assign Sponsor Warrants, dated February 2, 2018, between Global Partner Acquisition Corp., Global Partner Sponsor I LLC, Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P., Blackwell Partners, LLC and Coliseum Co-Invest Debt Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Agreement to Assign Founder Shares, dated February 2, 2018, between Global Partner Acquisition Corp., Global Partner Sponsor I LLC, Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company and Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P., Blackwell Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 2, 2018, between Global Partner Acquisition Corp., Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P., Blackwell Partners, LLC and Coliseum Co-Invest Debt Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 8, 2018) 

10.15 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Confidential Assignment and License Back Agreement between the Company and EdiZONE (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on November 14, 2018) 
 
 10.16+ 
 
 Option Grant Agreement dated February 21, 2019 between Purple Innovation, Inc. and John Legg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 27, 2019) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated February 26, 2019 between and among Purple Innovation, Inc., Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P., Blackwell Partners LLC Series A and Coliseum Co-Invest Debt Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 27, 2019) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Statement of Work agreement dated March 1, 2019 by and between Purple Innovation, Inc. and FTI Consulting, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 7, 2019) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Master Retailer Agreement dated September 18, 2018 by and between Purple Innovation LLC and Mattress Firm, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 7, 2019) 
 
 10.20+ 
 
 Purple Innovation, Inc. 2019 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 14, 2019) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Lease Agreement dated June 10, 2019 between Purple Innovation, LLC and North Slope One, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on August 13, 2019) 
 
 10.22 
 
 First Amendment to Lease dated November 19, 2019 between the Company and North Slope One, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on November 25, 2019) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Amendment to TNT Holdings Amended and Restated Lease Agreement dated April 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020) 

70 

10.24 
 
 Lease Agreement between Purple Innovation, LLC and PNK S2, LLC dated July 21, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on August 14, 2020) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Credit Agreement dated September 3, 2020 between and among Purple Innovation, LLC, Purple Innovation, Inc., KeyBank National Association, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on September 3, 2020) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement dated September 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on September 3, 2020) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Guaranty dated September 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on September 3, 2020) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Collateral Assignment of Patents dated September 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on September 3, 2020) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Collateral Assignment of Trademarks dated September 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on September 3, 2020) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Collateral Assignment of Copyrights dated September 3, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with SEC on September 3, 2020) 
 
 10.31 
 
 License Transfer and IP Assignment Agreement between Purple Innovation, LLC and EdiZONE, LLC dated August 14, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on November 10, 2020) 
 
 10.32+ 
 
 Indemnification Agreement between Purple Innovation, Inc. and Paul Zepf dated August 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on November 10, 2020) 
 
 10.33 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Purple Innovation, LLC, Purple Innovation, Inc., Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P., Blackwell Partners LLC-Series A, and Coliseum Co-Invest Debt Fund, L.P. dated March 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Purple Innovation, LLC, Purple Innovation, Inc., Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P., Blackwell Partners LLC-Series A, and Coliseum Co-Invest Debt Fund, L.P. dated May 15, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 37523) filed with the SEC on May 18, 2020) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Waiver and Consent to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Purple Innovation, LLC, Purple Innovation, Inc., Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P., Blackwell Partners LLC-Series A, and Coliseum Co-Invest Debt Fund, L.P. dated August 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference into Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on August 21, 2020) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Amendment to Lease Agreement between Purple Innovation, LLC and PNK S2, LLC dated March 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement between Purple Innovation, LLC and PNK S2, LLC dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021) 
 
 10.38+ 
 
 Amendment to Purple Innovation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan dated July 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021) 

71 

10.39+ 
 
 Restated and Amended Purple Innovation, Inc. 2019 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan dated July 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.40+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.41+ 
 
 Form of Performance-Based Share Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.42+ 
 
 Purple Innovation, Inc. 2021 Short-Term Cash Incentive Plan dated July 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on July 13, 2021) 
 
 10.43 
 
 First Amendment to the 2020 Credit Agreement dated February 28, 2022 between and among Purple Innovation, LLC, Purple Innovation, Inc., KeyBank National Association, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022). 

10.44+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2022, by and among Robert T. DeMartini and Purple Innovation, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on March 22, 2022). 
 
 10.45 
 
 Second Amendment to the 2020 Credit Agreement dated March 23, 2022 by and among Purple Innovation, LLC, Purple Innovation, Inc., KeyBank National Association, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on March 24, 2022). 
 
 10.46+ 
 
 Offer letter dated as of April 29, 2022, signed by Eric Haynor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on May 3, 2022). 
 
 10.47+ 
 
 Purple Innovation, Inc. 2022 Short-Term Cash Incentive Plan, dated as of May 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on June 1, 2022). 
 
 10.48+ 
 
 Second Amendment to Purple Innovation, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan dated June 2, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on June 3, 2022). 
 
 10.49+ 
 
 Second Consultancy Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2022, by and among Bennett Nussbaum and Purple Innovation, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on August 16, 2022). 
 
 10.50+ 
 
 Separation Agreement entered into between Purple Innovation, LLC and Patrice Varni dated November 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on November 8, 2022). 

10.51 
 
 Fifth Amendment to the 2020 Credit Agreement dated February 17, 2023 by and among Purple Innovation, LLC, Purple Innovation, Inc., KeyBank National Association, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on February 21, 2023) . 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics of Purple Innovation, Inc. (incorporated by reference into Exhibit 14.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-37523) filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith 

# 
 Schedules and exhibits
 to the Merger Agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish
 supplementally a copy of any omitted schedules and exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

+ 
 Indicates management contract
 or compensatory plan. 

Confidential treatment
 of certain provisions has been granted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

72 

PURPLE INNOVATION, INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Salt Lake City, Utah; PCAOB ID# F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

Purple Innovation, Inc. 

Lehi, Utah 

Opinion on the Consolidated
Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Purple Innovation, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 , 
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated March 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified
opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Warranty Accrual 

At December 31, 2022,
the Company s accrued warranty liability was 20.7 million. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company provides a limited warranty on most of its products sold. Warranty costs are estimated based on the results of product testing,
industry and historical trends and warranty claim rates incurred, and are adjusted for any current or expected trends. These costs are
recognized at the time of sale in cost of revenues. 

We identified the warranty
accrual as a critical audit matter because of certain significant assumptions used by management to estimate warranty costs at the time
of sale, specifically, estimated future warranty claims and estimated costs to remedy warranty claims. Auditing these certain significant
management assumptions involved especially complex and subjective auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required
to address these matters. 

The primary procedures
we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

Evaluating management s estimate of future warranty claims and estimated costs to remedy warranty claims by testing key inputs, including historical claims made and actual warranty costs incurred. 

Assessing
 the accuracy of management s estimation of future warranty claims by performing a lookback
 analysis, which compared the amount of claims accrued in prior years to actual claims made
 in subsequent periods. 

Assessing management s estimate of future warranty claims and estimated costs to remedy warranty claims by evaluating management s analysis of the Company s warranty expense as a percentage of revenues compared to that of peer companies based on available public information. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2017. 

March 22, 2023 

F- 2 

PURPLE INNOVATION, INC. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands, except for par value) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred income taxes 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued sales returns 

Accrued compensation 

Customer prepayments 

Accrued sales and use tax 

Accrued rebates and allowances 

Operating lease obligations current portion 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Debt, net of current portion 

Operating lease obligations, net of current portion 

Warrant liabilities 

Tax receivable agreement liability, net of current portion 

Other long-term liabilities, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders equity: 

Class A common stock; par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Class B common stock; par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity attributable to Purple Innovation, Inc. 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PURPLE INNOVATION, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Revenues, net 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Marketing and sales 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Other income (expense), net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Change in fair value warrant liabilities 

Tax receivable agreement income (expense) 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to Purple Innovation, Inc. 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PURPLE INNOVATION, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) 

(In thousands) 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity attributable to Purple Innovation, Inc. 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total Equity 

Shares 
 Par Value 
 Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 Interest 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2019 

Net income (loss) 

Stock-based compensation 

Exchange of stock 

Exercise of warrants 

Exercise of incremental loan warrants 

Exercise of stock options 

Tax receivable agreement liability 

Deferred income taxes 

Accrued tax distributions 

Issuance of stock 

Forfeiture of unvested stock 

Impact of transactions affecting NCI 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Net income (loss) 

Stock-based compensation 

Exchange of stock 

Exercise of warrants 

Exercise of stock options 

Tax receivable agreement liability 

Deferred income taxes 

Accrued tax distributions 

Issuance of stock 

InnoHold indemnification payment 

Impact of transactions affecting NCI 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Stock-based compensation 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of stock upon underwritten public offering, net of costs 

Issuance of stock for acquisition 

Accrued distributions 

Issuance of stock under equity compensation plans 

Impact of transactions affecting NCI 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PURPLE INNOVATION, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands) 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 income (loss) 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Non-cash
 interest 

Paid-in-kind
 interest 

Loss
 on extinguishment of debt 

Loss
 on disposal of property and equipment 

Change
 in fair value warrant liabilities 

Tax
 receivable agreement (income) expense 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Gain
 from effective settlement of preexisting relationship 

Deferred
 income taxes 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid
 expenses and other assets 

Operating
 leases, net 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 sales returns 

Accrued
 compensation 

Customer
 prepayments 

Accrued
 rebates and allowances 

Other
 accrued liabilities 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Cash,
 cash equivalents and restricted cash acquired from acquisition, net of cash paid 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Investment
 in intangible assets 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from term loan 

Payments
 on related-party loan 

Payments
 on term loan 

Proceeds
 from revolving line of credit 

Payments
 on revolving line of credit 

Proceeds
 from stock offering 

Payments
 for stock offering costs 

Proceeds
 from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds
 from exercise of stock options 

Payments
 for debt issuance costs 

Tax
 receivable agreement payments 

Proceeds
 from InnoHold indemnification payment 

Distributions
 to members 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of the year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of the year 

Supplemental
 disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash
 paid during the year for interest, net of amounts capitalized 

Cash
 paid during the year for income taxes 

Supplemental
 schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Property
 and equipment included in accounts payable 

Issuance
 of stock for acquisition 

Non-cash
 leasehold improvements 

Accrued
 distributions 

Tax
 receivable agreement liability 

Deferred
 income taxes 

Exercise
 of liability warrants 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PURPLE INNOVATION, INC. 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the membership interest in Intellibed to Purple LLC and Intellibed became a wholly owned subsidiary of
Purple LLC. For further discussion see Note 4 Acquisition. 

of the common units of Purple LLC and other Purple LLC Class B Unit holders held of the common units
in Purple LLC. 

F- 7 

economic interest in Purple LLC and consolidated of Purple LLC s assets, liabilities
and results of operations in the Company s consolidated financial statements contained herein. The holders of Class B Units held
 of the economic interest in Purple LLC as of December 31, 2022. For further discussion see Note 16 Stockholders Equity . 

million of restricted cash deposited by Intellibed in a separate account pursuant to
an escrow agreement with the Company. For further discussion regarding restricted cash, see Note 4 Acquisition. 

F- 8 

to , as follows: 

- 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - 
 
 Office equipment 
 - 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 - 

F- 9 

years. 

F- 10 

million was recorded to write-off the unamortized portion of license costs
related to a vendor supply and services agreement. For further discussion see Note 9 Intangible Assets. 

million, million and million, respectively, related to shared advertising costs that the Company incurred under its cooperative
advertising programs to the extent the fair value of the distinct good or service were reasonably estimable. 

F- 11 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 12 

million
and million, respectively, were included as accrued sales returns in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Additions that reduced net revenue 

Deduction from reserves for current year returns 

Balance at end of period 

million and million of warranty liabilities are included in other current liabilities and million and million of
warranty liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 

Additions charged to expense for current year sales 

Deduction from reserves for current year claims 

Balance at end of period 

F- 13 

million sponsor warrants outstanding. On February 3, 2023 all outstanding warrants expired. 

F- 14 

million sponsor warrants
outstanding at December 31, 2022 had a negligible fair value. 

Initial measurement 

Fair value transfer to Level 1 measurement 

Change in valuation inputs (1) 

Fair value as of December 31, 2020 

Fair value transfer to Level 1 measurement 

Fair value of warrants exercised 

Change in valuation inputs (1) 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Fair value transfer to Level 1 measurement 

Fair value of warrants exercised 

Change in valuation inputs (1) 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

F- 15 

to years. The estimated fair value of restricted stock is measured on the grant date and is recognized as expense
over the vesting period. 

F- 16 

likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. The effective tax rate and the tax basis of assets and liabilities reflect management s estimates of the
ultimate outcome of various tax uncertainties. The Company recognizes penalties and interest related to uncertain tax positions within
the provision (benefit) for income taxes line in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

of the net cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes (or is deemed to
realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the Closing as a result of (i) any tax basis increases in the assets of Purple LLC
resulting from the distribution to InnoHold of the cash consideration, (ii) the tax basis increases in the assets of Purple LLC resulting
from the redemption by Purple LLC or the exchange by the Company, as applicable, of Class B Paired Securities or cash, as applicable,
and (iii) imputed interest deemed to be paid by the Company as a result of, and additional tax basis arising from, payments it makes under
the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

of the estimated future cash tax savings that the Company
may realize as a result of increases in the basis of the assets of Purple LLC attributed to the Company as a result of such exchange or
redemption. The amount of the increase in asset basis, the related estimated cash tax savings and the attendant TRA Liability to be recorded
will depend on the price of the Company s Class A common stock at the time of the relevant redemption or exchange. The estimation
of liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement is by its nature imprecise and subject to significant assumptions regarding the amount
and timing of future taxable income. 

F- 17 

million during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

million with a professional services provider for not continuing with their services. The fee
was recorded as general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

F- 18 

million. 

F- 19 

million shares of Class A common stock, which included the underwriters exercising
their over-allotment option in full to purchase an additional million shares. The underwriters purchased the Class A common
stock from the Company at a price of per share, except that any shares sold by the underwriters to Coliseum Capital Partners, L.P.
and Blackwell Partners LLC Series A, up to an aggregate of of the shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the offering,
were purchased from the Company by the underwriters at a price of per share. The aggregate net proceeds received by the Company
from the offering, after deducting offering fees and expenses of million, totaled million. 

million, which consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Fair value of Class A common stock held in escrow 

Fair value of contingent consideration 

Fair value of effective settlement of preexisting relationships 

Transaction expenses paid on behalf of Intellibed 

Due to seller 

Fair value of total purchase consideration 

million shares of Class A common stock issuable to Intellibed security holders if the closing price of the Company s
stock does not equal or exceed for at least ten trading days over any period of 30 consecutive trading days during the period beginning
on the six-month anniversary of the closing date and ending on the 18-month anniversary of the closing date. The contingent shares were
valued using a Monte-Carlo simulation model. Because the contingent consideration is payable with a fixed number of shares of the Company s
Class A common stock, it is classified as equity and will not require remeasurement in subsequent periods. 

million related to the fair value of a preexisting legal matter with Intellibed
that was effectively settled on the acquisition date and million related to the fair value of a preexisting royalty liability owed
by Intellibed to the Company that was also effectively settled on the acquisition date. As a result of effectively settling the preexisting legal
matter with Intellibed, the Company recorded a gain of million as other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result of effectively settling the preexisting royalty liability, the Company
and Intellibed recorded a corresponding receivable and payable, respectively, for the same million amount that was eliminated in
consolidation as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 20 

from the acquisition
date, the Company may record adjustments to the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset
to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or the liabilities
assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments will be reflected in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other long-term assets 

Accounts payable 

Other current liabilities 

Operating lease obligations 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net tangible assets (liabilities) 

Goodwill 

Customer relationships 

Developed technology 

Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

and , respectively. The customer relationships intangible asset represents the estimated fair value of the underlying
relationships with Intellibed customers, valued utilizing the multi-period excess earnings method. The developed technology intangible
represents the fair value of Intellibed industry-specific cloud and mobile software and related technologies, valued using the cost to
recreate method. 

million of cash deposited by Intellibed in a separate account pursuant to an escrow
agreement with the Company. The purpose of the escrow cash amount is to cover Intellibed s estimated state income tax liabilities,
sales tax liabilities and related filing expenses that existed prior to the acquisition date. If the actual liabilities are less than
estimated, any excess cash would be returned to the previous shareholders of Intellibed. If payments for these items exceed the escrow
balance, the Company will be required to pay the excess. The Company recorded the million of cash as an acquired restricted cash
balance that is included in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The
Company also recorded an assumed liability totaling million for the sales and use tax and state and local income tax liabilities
exposure that is reflected in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

F- 21 

million and million,
respectively, for the period from August 31, 2022 through December 31, 2022. The transaction costs associated with the acquisition of
 million were recorded as general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

Net income (loss) 

F- 22 

Wholesale 

Revenues, net 

Other 

Revenues, net 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020, the Company recognized all of the revenue that was deferred in customer prepayments at December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019,
respectively. 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Inventory obsolescence reserve 

Inventories, net 

F- 23 

Equipment in progress 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Office equipment 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

million and 
million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was no interest capitalized during 2020. Depreciation expense
was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

years, while Purple owned retail showrooms have initial lease terms of up to . Certain leases may contain options to extend
the term of the original lease. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company s discretion. Any lease renewal options
are included in the lease term if exercise is reasonably certain at lease commencement. The Company also leases vehicles and other equipment
under both operating and finance leases with initial lease terms of to . The ROU asset for finance leases was million
and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Variable lease costs 

Short-term lease costs 

Total lease costs 

and total remaining years to the operating lease liabilities recorded on
the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total operating lease payments 

Less lease payments representing interest 

() 
 
 Present value of operating lease payments 

million of undiscounted cash flows offset by million of tenant improvement allowances which are expected to be fully utilized in fiscal 2023. 

F- 24 

years and years, respectively, and the weighted-average discount
rate was and , respectively, for operating leases recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

million for the present value of asset retirement obligations (ARO) to cover costs associated with the future restoration of two
leased properties. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded accretion of the ARO liabilities totaling 
million and million, respectively. The Company recorded a minimal amount of accretion in 2020. The outstanding ARO liabilities totaled
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and are recorded as other long-term liabilities, net of current
portion in the consolidated balance sheet. 

Trademarks 

Definite-lived amortizing: 

Internet domain 

License agreement 

Customer relationships 

Developed technology 

Internal-use software 

Intangible assets, net 

F- 25 

On October 13, 2020, Purple LLC filed suit against
ReST and its parent company for alleged violations under the contract. In response, ReST filed a counter lawsuit against Purple LLC. These
lawsuits effectively ended any future performance under the contract. As a result, during the third quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company
recorded as cost of revenues in its consolidated statement of operations an impairment charge of million for unamortized license
costs. The Company also recorded write-offs of million, and million for prepaid professional services and prepaid inventory,
respectively. Refer to Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings for additional information.
There were no impairment charges related to intangible assets in 2021 or 2019. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future amortization for definite-lived intangible assets 

Long-term debt and unamortized issuance costs - current portion 

Insurance financing 

Accrued sales tax liability assumed in acquisition 

Accrued affiliate marketing 

Tax Receivable Agreement Liability current portion 

Other 

Total other current liabilities 

Revolving line of credit 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 

Total debt 

Current portion of debt and unamortized issuance costs 

Debt, net of current portion 

F- 26 

million term loan and a million revolving line of credit. 

million, new weekly and monthly reporting requirements, limits on the amount of capital expenditures, the addition of a lease
incurrence test for opening additional showrooms, and additional negative covenants during a covenant amendment period that extends into
2023 until certain conditions are met. The interest rate on the term loan was at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company was in compliance with all of the financial covenants related to the 2020 Credit Agreement, as amended. 

F- 27 

million that were recorded as debt issuance costs in the
consolidated balance sheet and made a million payment on the term loan to cover the four quarterly principal payments due in 2022.
The Company accounted for this amendment as a modification of existing debt in accordance with ASC 470 Debt . 

or more of the combined voting power of all equity
interests of the Company entitled to vote for the election of members of the Company s Board without constituting an event of default.
Coliseum is considered a related party of the Company in that Adam Gray, a member of our Board, serves as a managing partner of Coliseum.
 For further discussion see Note 15 Related Party Transactions Coliseum Capital Management, LLC. Pursuant
to the second amendment of the 2020 Credit Agreement, the Company incurred fees and expenses of million that were recorded as debt
issuance costs in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company accounted for this amendment as a modification of existing debt in accordance
with ASC 470 Debt . 

million that were recorded as general and administrative
expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 

million draw on its revolving line of credit. On March 31, 2022, the Company used a portion of the net proceeds received
from its March 2022 stock offering to repay in full the million of principal outstanding on the revolving line of credit. As of
December 31, 2022, there was no balance outstanding on the revolving credit facility. 

million prepayment against the outstanding term loan without payment of a premium or penalty. 

million outstanding balance of the term loan plus accrued interest and reduced the amount available under the revolving line of
credit to million. For further discussion see Note 22 Subsequent Events. There are no amounts currently drawn
on the revolver and the available amount to draw is the full million. In order to draw any amounts on the revolver, the Company must
be in compliance with the covenants outlined in the fifth amendment. 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million (the Original Loan ). 

F- 28 

million to retire, in full, all indebtedness related to Purple LLC s 2018 Credit Agreement and all its related
amendments and agreements. The payment included million for the Original Loan, for the Incremental Loan, million of paid-in-kind
interest, million for a prepayment fee and million for accrued interest. The Company accounted for the pay-off of the 2018 Credit
Agreement and all its subsequent agreements and amendments as an extinguishment of debt in accordance with ASC 470 - Debt . Accordingly,
the Company recognized a million loss in 2020 that consisted of million in prepayment fees and million in the recognition
of related unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs. 

million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

F- 29 

Exercise price 

Risk free interest rate 

Warrant life in years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

Probability of an event causing a warrant re-price 

million sponsor
warrants were exercised resulting in the issuance of million shares of Class A common stock and cash proceeds to the Company of 
million. During the year ended December 31, 2020, million public warrants and million sponsor warrants were exercised resulting
in the issuance of million shares of Class A common stock and cash proceeds to the Company of million. At both December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were million sponsor warrants outstanding. The five-year term associated with the sponsor warrants will expire
on February 2, 2023. All of the public warrants were exercised during fiscal 2020. 

Exercise price 

Risk free interest rate 

Warrant life in years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

million and million, respectively, in its consolidated statements of operations
related to decreases in the fair value of the sponsor warrants exercised during the respective periods or that were outstanding at the
end of the respective periods. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized a loss of million in its consolidated
statement of operations related to increases in the fair value of the public and sponsor warrants exercised during the period or that
were outstanding at the end of the period. 

F- 30 

Asset retirement obligations 

Other 

Total 

Less: current portion of warranty accrual 

Other long-term liabilities, net of current portion 

percent of Purple LLC s net taxable income following
the end of each fiscal year. The First Purple LLC Agreement was amended and replaced by the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability
Company Agreement (the Second Purple LLC Agreement on February 2, 2018 as part of the Business Combination. The Second
Purple LLC Agreement was amended and replaced by the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (the Third
Purple LLC Agreement on September 3, 2020. The Second Purple LLC Agreement and the Third Purple LLC Agreement do not include any
mandatory distributions, other than tax distributions. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company paid million
and million, respectively, in tax distributions under these agreements. There were no tax distributions paid during the year ended
December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated balance sheet had million of accrued tax distributions
included in other current liabilities. At December 31, 2021, the Company s consolidated balance sheet had a million net asset
associated with these tax distributions due to overpayments. 

The subscription
agreement provides CCP and Blackwell with preemptive rights with respect to future sales of the Company s securities. It also provides
them with a right of first refusal with respect to certain debt and preferred equity financings by the Company. The Company also entered
into a registration rights agreement with CCP, Blackwell, and CDF, providing for the registration of the shares of Class A common
stock issued and assigned to CCP and Blackwell in the Coliseum Private Placement, as well as the shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants received by CCP, Blackwell and CDF. The Company has filed a registration statement with respect to such securities. 

F- 31 

million
shares of Class A common stock were sold in a secondary offering by the Coliseum Investors at a price of per share. The Company
did not receive any of the proceeds from the secondary offering. The underwriting discount, commission and other related costs incurred
by the Company for the secondary offering totaled million and was recorded by the Company as general and administrative expense in
the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of the Company s authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share, were designated as Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Shares (the Preferred Shares ). In accordance with 

F- 32 

million of Paired
Securities were exchanged for shares of Class A common stock. 

F- 33 

CAD
as security for PerfectSense s costs. PerfectSense brought a motion to strike that was resolved on consent. Pleadings are now closed,
and the action is proceeding under case management. Counsel for the defendant was removed from the record at their own request by
Court Order. The Court further ordered the defendant to either appoint counsel or file a motion to permit an officer or director to represent
the defendant in legal proceedings. On November 6, 2020, the defendant informally requested that the Court permit Mr. Henderson, the CEO
and shareholder of the defendant, to represent the defendant in the action until such time as a lawyer could be appointed. Purple opposed
this informal request, and it was denied by the Court. After granting PerfectSense a final extension of time to either appoint counsel
or file a motion to permit Mr. Henderson to represent the defendant, PerfectSense appointed new counsel. The parties engaged in litigation
discovery, exchanged affidavits of documents and scheduled examinations for discovery. Shortly thereafter, discovery adjourned and continues
to be stayed while the parties negotiate formal terms of settlement. PerfectSense has not responded to Purple s repeated attempts
to finalize the settlement. Purple LLC filed a motion to enforce a settlement agreement. On September 13, 2022, the Court granted
Purple s motion to enforce the settlement agreement and deemed the action to be discontinued on a without costs basis. As part of
the settlement, PerfectSense is required to: (a) change their mattress design so as not to resemble any of Purple s mattress designs,
(b) change their website design to move away from Purple s product designs, (c) not register or use any domains that include the
word Purple , and (d) delete a number of domains that PerfectSense had previously registered which included the word Purple .
PerfectSense was given 30 days from the date of the Court Order to comply with these terms. Purple is continuing to monitor PerfectSense
to ensure compliance with the settlement agreement. Now that the action has been discontinued, Purple has received a refund of the 
CAD that was posted as security for PerfectSense s costs paid out of court. 

F- 34 

million of Section 301 duties paid
at the time of importation on certain Chinese-origin goods. More than 4,000 other complaints have been filed by other companies seeking
similar refunds. On March 12, 2021 the United States filed a master answer that applies to all the Section 301 cases, including Purple
LLC s. On July 6, 2021, the court granted a preliminary injunction against liquidation of any unliquidated entries. On April
1, 2022, the court issued an opinion that remanded the case back to the U.S. Trade Representative USTR to address certain
procedural flaws in USTR s process for determining whether certain products were subject to the Section 301 duties. On August 1,
2022, USTR issued its remand results. On September 14, 2022, the plaintiffs submitted comments on the remand results. USTR filed their
response to these comments on November 4, 2022. The plaintiffs filed a reply on December 5, 2022 and the court held a hearing on
February 7, 2023. On March 17, 2023, the court issued a final opinion and order upholding the remand results. As a result, the duties
will stay in place and no refunds will be issued. The courts order could be appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. 

million in damages from ReST, whereas ReST claims that Purple is liable to it for tens of millions of dollars.
The outcome of this litigation cannot be predicted at this stage. However, Purple intends to vigorously pursue its claims and defend against
the claims made by ReST. 

million, which was recorded by the Company as other income (expense), net in the consolidated
statement of operations for year ended December 31, 2022. For additional information see Note 4 Acquisition . 

F- 35 

million under the Agreement.
However, Photon failed to deliver any of the required deliverables as specified in the agreement. Purple withheld payment of the final
 million due pursuant to Photon s invoices pending a resolution with Photon. Since resolution discussions with Photon have failed,
the Company filed the aforementioned complaint for breach of contract against Photon seeking, among other damages, reimbursement for all
amounts paid to Photon under the agreement. Photon counter-sued, seeking payment for the million withheld by Purple, and also advancing
a vague claim for tortious interference. On August 31, 2022, the Company filed an amended complaint adding additional claims pertaining
to Photon s failure to deliver a point of sale system pursuant to the Master Professional Services Agreement. Through the lawsuit, the
Company seeks reimbursement of amounts paid to Photon plus indemnity in the amount paid by Company to address Photon s failures. In total,
the Company seeks judgment against Photon in the amount of million. The litigation is presently in its discovery phase. The Company
intends to vigorously litigate its claims to resolution. 

Upon completion of fact discovery Purple voluntarily dismissed a number
of Respondents with regard to the trade dress claims and all other Respondents have settled with regard to the patent infringement claims.
No Respondents remain in the case and all that remains is motion practice to finalize the case and the final ruling to be handed down
by the ITC. 

The complaint seeks injunctive
relief, compensatory damages, disgorgement of profits, punitive and exemplary damages, and attorneys fees and costs. This
action is in its initial stages. The Company intends to vigorously litigate its claims to resolution. 

in unpaid salary. In February 2023, Purple filed
a motion to dismiss the Pearces claims in full. The Company maintains insurance to defend against claims of this nature and intends
to do so vigorously. 

F- 36 

per share in cash. At the time
of the offer, Coliseum beneficially owned approximately of the outstanding equity of the Company. interested parties.
The Special Committee was formed by the Board to determine the necessary actions to evaluate the Coliseum proposal and determine the course
of action that is in the best interests of all the Company s shareholders. The Board expressly granted the Special Committee the
ability to decline the Coliseum proposal. In addition, the Special Committee adopted the Rights Agreement to have the time and flexibility
necessary to evaluate the Coliseum offer and to prevent a change of control without payment of an adequate control premium. See Note 14 Commitments
and Contingencies Subscription Agreement and Preemptive Rights and Commitments and Contingencies Stockholder
Rights Agreement for further discussion . See Note 22 Subsequent Events Coliseum for further discussion
on events occurring subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

F- 37 

million, million and million in rent expense to 123E LLC or TNT Holdings
for the building lease of the Alpine facility for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Purple LLC continues
to lease the Alpine facility that was formerly the Company headquarters, for use in production, research and development and video production.
In accordance with the terms of that lease, on September 1, 2021, Purple LLC gave notice to 123E LLC that it intended to exercise its
right to an early termination of the lease to occur on September 30, 2022. On July 20, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to
its Alpine facility lease agreement with 123E LLC. The amendment rescinded the Company s previous notice of termination that was
scheduled to be effective September 30, 2022 and extended the term such that the lease will remain in effect until September 30, 2023. 

million of Paired Securities for Class A common stock. There were no such exchanges during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The amount received from InnoHold was recorded as additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheet. 

million in required tax
distributions pursuant to the Third Purple LLC Agreement. There were no such payments made by Purple LLC during the year ended December
31, 2022. 

million
shares of Class A common stock authorized at a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are
entitled to vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders and participate in dividends, if declared by
the Board, or receive any portion of any such assets in respect of their shares upon liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets
or winding-up of the Company in excess of the par value of such stock. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock
voting together as a single class, have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted
to a vote of the stockholders. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to vote per share on matters
to be voted on by stockholders. At December 31, 2022, million shares of Class A common stock were outstanding. 

million
shares of Class B common stock authorized at a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock will
vote together as a single class with holders of the Company s Class A common stock on all matters properly submitted to a vote of
the stockholders. Shares of Class B common stock may be issued only to InnoHold, their respective successors and assigns, as well as any
permitted transferees of InnoHold. A holder may transfer their shares to any transferee (other than the Company) only if such holder also
simultaneously transfers an equal number of such holder s Purple LLC Class B units to such transferee in compliance with the Second
Purple LLC Agreement. The Class B common stock is not entitled to receive dividends, if declared by the Board, or to receive any portion
of any such assets in respect of their shares upon liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding-up of the Company in excess
of the par value of such stock. 

F- 38 

million shares of Series B Stock were issued to InnoHold as part of the equity consideration. InnoHold
subsequently transferred a portion of its shares to permitted transferees and exchanged its remaining shares for Class A common stock
that it sold. All of the million shares of Class B common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022 were held by other parties. 

million
shares of preferred stock authorized at a par value of per share. The preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or
more series. The directors are expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of the preferred stock in one or more series
and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights, designations
and other special rights or restrictions. On September 25, 2022 the Rights Agreement was adopted and million shares of the Company s
preferred stock were designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Shares. See Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies Stockholder
Rights Agreement for further discussion regarding preferred stock. At December 31, 2022, there were no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

million sponsor
warrants issued pursuant to a private placement simultaneously with the Company s initial public offering. In accordance with the warrant agreement,
a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of the Class A common stock. In no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle any warrant. The warrants have a five-year term which will expire on February 2, 2023, or earlier upon
redemption or liquidation. 

million sponsor
warrants were exercised resulting in the issuance of million shares of Class A common stock and cash proceeds to the Company of 
million. There were no sponsor warrants exercised during 2022. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million sponsor warrants
outstanding. 

and , respectively. The Company has consolidated the financial position and results of operations of Purple
LLC and reflected the proportionate interest held by all such Purple LLC Class B Unit holders as NCI. 

F- 39 

Less: Dilutive effect of change in fair value warrant liabilities 

Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable to Purple Innovation, Inc. diluted 

Denominator 

Weighted average shares basic 

Add: Dilutive effect of warrants 

Add: Dilutive effect of Class B shares 

Weighted average shares diluted 

Net income (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

million
of Class A common shares issuable upon conversion of certain warrants, stock options, restricted stock and Class A shares subject to vesting,
and million of Paired Securities convertible into shares of Class A common stock as their effect was anti-dilutive. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company excluded million shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of certain stock options,
restricted stock and Class A shares subject to vesting as the effect was anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company
excluded million shares of issued Class A common stock subject to vesting, million shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
conversion of the Company s warrants and options, and million of Paired Securities convertible into shares of Class A common
stock as the effect was anti-dilutive. 

million shares. As of December 31, 2022, million shares remain available for issuance under the 2017 Incentive Plan. During the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, stock-based compensation associated with equity awards issued under the 2017 Incentive Plan totaled
 million, million and million, respectively, while the related tax benefits recognized on these awards were million,
 million and million, respectively. 

F- 40 

million shares of Class A common stock and recognized million in expense during the year ended December 31, 2022, which
represented the fair value of the stock awards on the grant date. 

million in expense during year ended December 31, 2021, which represented the fair value
of the stock award on the grant date. 

million in expense during the year ended December 31, 2020,
which represented the fair value of the stock awards on the grant date. 

to years. The estimated fair value of the restricted stock is measured on the grant date and is recognized
over the vesting period. The Company determined that the fair value of the restricted stock on the grant dates was million. 

million and million stock options, respectively, under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan to its chief executive officer
at an exercise price of per option. The stock options expire in and vest over a three -year period. In April 2022, with
the chief executive officer s consent, the Company rescinded and cancelled million of the stock options granted in March 2022
because of annual limits set forth in the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company determined the fair value of the net award of million
stock options to be million which will be expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 

million stock options under the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan to certain management of
the Company. These stock options have exercise prices ranging from to . The stock options expire in and vest over
a -year period. The estimated fair value of the stock options is amortized over the options vesting period on a straight-line basis.
The Company determined the fair value of the million options granted during the ended December 31, 2021 to be million which
will be expensed over the vesting period. Included in that amount were million stock options with a fair value of million that
were subsequently forfeited in December 2021. 

F- 41 

million stock options under the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan to certain management of
the Company. These stock options have exercise prices ranging from to . The stock options expire in and vest over
a -year period. The estimated fair value of the stock options is amortized over the options vesting period on a straight-line basis.
The Company determined the fair value of the million options granted during the ended December 31, 2020 to be million which
will be expensed over the vesting period. 

Risk free rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Expected term in years 

million
of vested stock options related to the former Chief Executive Officer had the post-termination exercise period extended from 90 days to
352 days upon his resignation and departure from the Company. The million of additional cost associated with this modification was
recorded as stock-based compensation expense in the 2021 consolidated statement of operations. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

Options outstanding as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

Options outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

Options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

F- 42 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested options as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested options as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested options as of December 31, 2022 

million, million and million in stock-based compensation expense related to stock options during the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million of total unrecognized stock compensation cost with a remaining recognition period of 
years. As of December 31, 2021, there was million of total unrecognized stock compensation cost with a remaining recognition period
of years. 

F- 43 

million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
The tax benefit associated with the exercise of stock options was million, million and million for the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million and million restricted stock units, respectively, under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan to the Company s
chief executive officer. These restricted stock awards had a grant date fair value of and per share, respectively. In April
2022, with the chief executive officer s consent, the Company rescinded and cancelled million of the restricted stock units
granted in March 2022 because of annual limits set forth in the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company determined the fair value of the
net award of million restricted stock units to be million which will be expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 

million restricted stock units under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan to certain management of the Company. Approximately one-half of
these restricted stock unit grants included a market vesting condition. In 2021, the Company granted million of restricted stock units
under the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan to certain management of the Company. Approximately one-third of these restricted
stock unit grants included a market vesting condition. The restricted stock awards granted in 2022 and 2021 that did not have a market
vesting condition had a weighted average grant date fair value of and per share, respectively. The estimated fair value of
these awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 

and per
share, respectively. For these awards, the estimated fair value was measured on the grant date and incorporated the probability of vesting
occurring. The estimated fair value is recognized over the derived service period (as determined by the valuation model), with such recognition
occurring regardless of whether the market condition is met. The Company determined the weighted average grant date fair of these awards
using a Monte Carlo Simulation of a Geometric Brownian Motion stock path model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected life in years 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividend yield 

F- 44 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 

million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was no restricted
stock unit expense recorded in 2020. 

million of total unrecognized stock compensation cost with a remaining recognition
period of years. As of December 31, 2021, there was million of total unrecognized stock compensation cost with a remaining recognition
period of years. 

Marketing and sales 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total non-cash stock compensation 

Company contributions immediately vest. The Company matching contribution expense
was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 45 

Other 

Total revenue, net 

International 

Total revenue, net 

and of accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and approximately , and of net revenue during
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

for each financial institution per entity. At times, the Company s cash balance deposited at financial institutions
exceed the federally insured deposit limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed
to any significant credit risk related to these deposits. 

F- 46 

million, million and ) million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively, consisted entirely of income earned in the United States. 

State 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

State income tax provision (benefit), net of federal benefit 

Noncontrolling interest 

Tax receivable agreement liability 

Change in fair value warrant liabilities 

Change in valuation allowance 

Remeasurement due to rate change 

Research and development tax credits 

Remeasurement of investment in Purple LLC 

Nondeductible compensation 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

F- 47 

Tax over book basis in capital contributions 

Start-up costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Interest carryforwards 

Research and development tax credits 

Charitable contribution carryforwards 

Net operating losses 

Total net deferred income tax asset 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 

million of the valuation allowance associated with the Company s federal and state
deferred tax assets was released and recorded as an income tax benefit in 2020. 

million of the valuation allowance associated with the Company s federal
and state deferred tax assets was recorded along with an income tax expense in 2022. 

of the net cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes (or is deemed to
realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the Closing as a result of (i) any tax basis increases in the assets of Purple LLC
resulting from the distribution to InnoHold of the cash consideration, (ii) the tax basis increases in the assets of Purple LLC resulting
from the redemption by Purple LLC or the exchange by the Company, as applicable, of Class B Paired Securities or cash, as applicable,
and (iii) imputed interest deemed to be paid by the Company as a result of, and additional tax basis arising from, payments it makes under
the agreement. 

of the estimated future cash tax savings that the Company may realize as a result of increases
in the basis of the assets of Purple LLC attributed to the Company as a result of such exchange or redemption. The amount of the increase
in asset basis, the related estimated cash tax savings and the attendant liability to be recorded will depend on the price of the Company s
Class A common stock at the time of the relevant redemption or exchange. 

F- 48 

and the Company recognized
tax receivable agreement income of million in the Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

million Class B units were redeemed for shares of our Class A common stock, the Tax Receivable
Agreement liability would be approximately million. If we experience a change of control (as defined under the Tax Receivable
Agreement, which includes certain mergers, asset sales and other forms of business combinations and change of control events), we could
be required to make an immediate lump-sum payment under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. Management currently estimates the
liability associated with this lump-sum payment (or early termination payment would be approximately million,
discounted. This potential early termination payment can be significantly impacted by the discounted interest rate at the time of termination. 

million as of December 31, 2022, of which million
do not have an expiration date and million expire in 2037. The Company also had approximately million of NOL carryforwards to
reduce future state taxable income at December 31, 2022, which have various carryforward periods and begin to expire in 2026, if
unused. Under Section 382 and related provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), if a
corporation undergoes an ownership change generally defined as a greater than percentage point change (by value) in its
equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating
loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. If finalized, Treasury Regulations
currently proposed under Section 382 of the Code may further limit our ability to utilize our pre-change NOLs or other tax attributes
if we undergo a future ownership change. Thus, our ability to utilize carryforwards of our net operating losses, including net operating
losses acquired from the Intellibed acquisition, and other tax attributes to reduce future tax liabilities may be substantially restricted.
As of December 31, 2022, we have not completed a Section 382 analysis and an ownership change may have occurred. There may be significant
annual limitations on the NOLs and other tax attributes. Until an analysis is completed, there can be no assurance that the existing net
operating loss carry-forwards or credits are not subject to significant limitation. 

million as of December 31, 2022,
which expire in 2042, if unused. The Company also had approximately million of state tax credit carryforwards to reduce future state
tax liability at December 31, 2022, which have various carryforward periods and begin to expire in 2033, if unused. 

million pursuant to the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. This amount was included with other current liabilities
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

million sponsor warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 expired per the terms of the agreement. Each of these warrants entitled the
registered holder to purchase one-half of one share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per half share 
per full share). The sponsor warrants had no fair value on the date of expiration. 

F- 49 

million outstanding balance of the term loan plus accrued interest. The amendment also provides that the maximum leverage ratio
covenant will not be tested for the first and second quarters of 2023 and revises the ratio to 4.50x for the third quarter of 2023 and
3.00x for all quarters thereafter. In addition, the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio covenant will not be tested for the first and
second quarters of 2023 and revised to x for the third and fourth quarters of 2023, and x for all quarters thereafter. The amendment
will also revise the lease incurrence test which will allow us to incur ten new showroom leases for stores that will open in 2023 and
six new leases for stores that will open in 2024. Moreover, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, we will be allowed to begin incurring
leases for stores that will open in 2024, subject to leverage ratio requirements. The leverage ratio must be less than x to sign leases,
with up to a maximum of six new leases per quarter, increasing to eight new leases per quarter if the leverage ratio is less than x.
The amendment will also provide certain minimum consolidated EBITDA covenants for the first and second quarters of 2023 based on our total
unrestricted cash and unused revolver availability. The amendment also modified the definition of consolidated EBITDA to allow for nonrecurring/one-time and non-cash expenses
and certain other expenses that are cash capped. There are no amounts currently drawn on the revolver and the available amount to draw is the full
 million. In order to draw any amounts on the revolver, the Company must be in compliance with the covenants outlined in the fifth
amendment. 

shares of Purple common stock Common Stock owned by Purple s
shareholders. Each PRPLS votes together with the Common Stock in the election of directors, and related matters, and carries votes
each. Holders of PRPLS will be entitled to allocate their votes among the nominees in director elections on a cumulative basis. PRPLS
holders can allocate all, none, or a portion of their votes to each director nominee up for election at the Company s meetings of
shareholders. On February 24, 2023, the Company issued 1.0 million PRPLS shares which trade with the Common Stock. Any new issuance of
Common Stock will automatically include a proportionate number of PRPLS. The PRPLS are redeemable at any time by an affirmative vote of
two-thirds of the members of the Board. PRPLS do not have any dividend rights and will be entitled to only a limited payment upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding up in priority to any payments on the Common Stock but will not otherwise participate in any liquidating
distributions. On February 21, 2023, Coliseum filed a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery to invalidate Purple s issued PRPLS,
alleging that the issuance deprived Purple stockholders of a fair and democratic election of directors at the Company s 2023 Annual
Meeting and other related allegations. 

F- 50 

million deposited with them. SVB is also one of the Institutional Lenders under
the 2020 Credit Agreement, with million of the million revolving line of credit being made available through that bank. We
currently have access to all of our funds and accounts at SVB. 

The amendments also provide that the remaining 0.33 million conditionally granted restricted stock units and stock
options will vest in full on March 25, 2025. The amendments will result in an acceleration of approximately million of stock-based
compensation expense recognized by the Company into the first quarter of 2023 from other future periods over the previous vesting period. 

F- 51 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Purple Innovation, Inc. 

March 22, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Robert T. DeMartini 

Name: 
 Robert T. DeMartini 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Robert T. DeMartini and Bennett
L. Nussbaum, jointly and severally, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
for him or her, and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Robert T. DeMartini 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Robert T. DeMartini 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Bennett
 L. Nussbaum 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Bennett L. Nussbaum 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ George
 T. Ulrich 
 
 Vice President, Accounting and Financial Reporting 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 George T. Ulrich 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Paul J.
 Zepf 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Paul J. Zepf 

/s/ Pano T.
 Anthos 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Pano T. Anthos 

/s/ Gary T.
 DiCamillo 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Gary T. DiCamillo 

/s/ Adam L.
 Gray 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Adam L. Gray 

/s/ Claudia
 Hollingsworth 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Claudia Hollingsworth 

/s/ Dawn M.
 Zier 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Dawn M. Zier 

73 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-3_purpleinn.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES 

The following description
of registered securities of Purple Innovation, Inc. (the company, we, us and our summarizes certain provisions of our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws. The
description is intended as a summary, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ),
copies of which have been included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our authorized capital stock
consists of: (a) 300 million shares of common stock, which consists of (i) 210 million shares of Class A Common Stock, par value of 0.0001
per share, and (ii) 90 million shares of Class B Common Stock, par value of 0.0001 per share; and (b) 5 million shares of undesignated
preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share. 

Class A Common Stock 

Listing 

Our Class A Common Stock is listed and principally
traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol PRPL. 

Voting Rights 

Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to
one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Unless specified in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our common shares that are voted is required to approve any
such matter voted on by our stockholders. Directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast at an annual meeting of stockholders by
holders of our common stock. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. 

On February 14, 2023, the Company declared a dividend
of one new Proportional Representation Preferred Linked Stock PRPLS for each 100 shares of Purple common stock Common
Stock owned by Purple s shareholders. Each PRPLS will vote together with the Common Stock in the election of directors,
and related matters, and carry 10,000 votes each. Holders of PRPLS will be entitled to allocate their votes among the nominees in director
elections on a cumulative basis. PRPLS holders can allocate all, none, or a portion of their votes to each director nominee up for election
at the Company s meetings of shareholders. The Company issued one-one hundredth PRPLS for each share of Common Stock held as of
the close of business on February 24, 2023. The PRPLS trade with the Common Stock and any new issuance of Common Stock will automatically
include a proportionate number of PRPLS. The PRPLS are redeemable at any time by an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the members of the
board of directors. The PRPLS do not have any dividend rights and will be entitled to only a limited payment upon any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up in priority to any payments on the Common Stock but will not otherwise participate in any liquidating distributions. 

Dividends 

Holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to
receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Liquidation 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Company, holders of our Class A Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock.
Holders of our Class A Common Stock have no preemptive or other subscription rights, other than as described below in the section entitled
 Preemptive or Other Rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the Class A Common Stock. 

Preemptive or Other Rights 

On February 1, 2018 the Company entered into a
subscription agreement (the Coliseum Subscription Agreement with CCP and Blackwell (together the Coliseum Investors ),
pursuant to which CCP agreed to purchase from the Company 2,900,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company at a purchase price
of 10.00 per share and Blackwell agreed to purchase from the Company 1,100,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company at a purchase
price of 10.00 per share (the Coliseum Private Placement ). The shares of the Company s common stock issued in the
Coliseum Private Placement were not registered under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

 In connection with the Coliseum Private Placement,
we granted to the Coliseum Investors preemptive rights for the future sale of Company securities. So long as the Coliseum Investors hold
at least 50 of the shares of Class A Common Stock acquired in the Coliseum Private Placement, the Coliseum Investors are entitled to
purchase up to their pro rata share of all equity securities issued by the Company, subject to certain exceptions. 

In addition, the Coliseum Subscription Agreement
provides the Coliseum Investors (and any other funds or accounts managed by Coliseum Capital Management, LLC) with a right of first refusal
to provide all, but not less than all, of any of the following financings by the Company or any of its subsidiaries: (i) preferred equity
financing with a preference to or over any of the terms of the Company s common stock and (ii) any debt financing with a principal
amount outstanding (together with all other debt provided by lender or group of lenders) greater than or equal to 10 million, other than
(x) the replacement or refinancing of existing indebtedness or (y) an asset based loan on customary terms with an all in interest rate
of not greater than 5 per year, by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

Other than the Coliseum Investors, stockholders
will have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there will be no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the Class
A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. 

Founder Shares 

2,587,500 of our outstanding shares of Class A
Common Stock were sold to Global Partner Sponsor I LLC (the Sponsor in our initial public offering. These Founder
Shares are identical to the shares of Class A Common Stock sold in our initial public offering, and holders of these shares have
the same stockholder rights as public stockholders. 

In connection with the closing of the Business
Combination, the Company, Continental Stock Transfer and the Coliseum Investors entered into an Agreement to Assign Founder Shares (the
 Founder Share Assignment Agreement ), pursuant to which the Sponsor assigned to the Coliseum Investors an aggregate of 1,293,750
of its Founder Shares (the Coliseum Founder Shares ). 

Transfer Agent 

Pacific Stock Transfer, Inc is the transfer agent
and registrar for our common stock. 

2 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law 

DGCL Provisions. We are subject to the
provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain
circumstances, from engaging in a merger with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A merger includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of
our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the merger is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of its stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Shareholder
Proposals and Director Nominations . Our Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for shareholders seeking to bring business before
our annual meeting of shareholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of shareholders and specify
certain requirements regarding the form and content of a shareholder s notice. These provisions might preclude our shareholders
from bringing matters before our annual meeting of shareholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of shareholders
if the proper procedures are not followed. 

Additional Authorized Shares of Capital Stock .
The additional shares of authorized common stock and preferred stock available for issuance under our Certificate of Incorporation, could
be issued at such times, under such circumstances and with such terms and conditions as to impede a change in control. 

Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock .
Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the shareholders, to issue shares of undesignated preferred stock
with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized
but unissued shares of preferred stock would enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means. 

3 

Limitations on Stockholder Ability to Act by
Written Consent or Call Special Meetings . The Certificate of Incorporation eliminate the right of shareholders to act by written consent
without a meeting. Further, the Bylaws and Certificate of Incorporation provide that special meetings of shareholders may be called only
by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or the Board of Directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted
by a majority of the Board of Directors. 

Choice of Forum . Our Certificate of Incorporation
provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on
our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our
Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

Rights Agreement 

On September 25, 2022, with the authorization
of the board of directors, the Special Committee (the Special Committee of the board of directors approved the adoption
of a limited-duration stockholder rights agreement with an expiration date of September 25, 2023 (the Rights Agreement ).
The Rights Agreement is intended to protect against any coercive or abusive takeover tactics, and to help ensure that our stockholders
are not deprived of the opportunity to realize the full and fair value of their investment. The Rights Agreement applies equally to all
current and future shareholders and does not deter any offer or preclude the Special Committee from considering an offer that is fair
and otherwise in the best interests of our shareholders. 

Upon adopting the Rights Agreement, 300,000 shares
of our authorized shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
(the Preferred Shares ). In accordance with the Rights Agreement, on September 25, 2022, the Special Committee authorized
and declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a Right for each outstanding share of our Class A common
stock and Class B common stock to stockholders of record at the close of business on October 6, 2022. Upon the occurrence of certain triggering
events, each Right entitles the holder to purchase from us one one-thousandth of a share of the newly designated Preferred Shares at an
exercise price of 20.00, subject to certain adjustments . The Rights will be exercisable only if a person or group acquires beneficial
ownership (including certain synthetic equity positions created by derivative securities) of 20 or more of our outstanding shares of
common stock. Any person or group that beneficially owned more than the triggering percentage when the board of directors adopted the
Rights Agreement may continue to own its shares of common stock but may not acquire any additional shares without triggering the Rights
Agreement. 

4 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_purpleinn.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT.

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Purple Innovation, Inc. 

Subsidiary Name 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Purple Innovation, LLC 
 Delaware 

Intellibed, LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_purpleinn.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Purple Innovation, Inc. 

 Lehi, Utah 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-223030, 333-230522, 333-230521, and 333-269005) and Form S--8 (Nos. 333-224220, 333-265449,
and 333-268323) of Purple Innovation, Inc. of our reports dated March 22, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and
the effectiveness of Purple Innovation, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

Salt Lake City, Utah 

 March 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_purpleinn.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A)

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Robert T. DeMartini, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Purple Innovation, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Robert T. DeMartini 

Robert T. DeMartini, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_purpleinn.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A)

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Bennett L. Nussbaum, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Purple Innovation, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Bennett L. Nussbaum 

Bennett L. Nussbaum, Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_purpleinn.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(B) OR RULE 15D-14(B) AND 18 U.S.C. 1350

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Purple Innovation, Inc. (the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Robert T. DeMartini, Chief Executive
Officer of the Corporation, hereby certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Robert T. DeMartini 

Robert T. DeMartini, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_purpleinn.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(B) OR RULE 15D-14(B) AND 18 U.S.C. 1350

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Purple Innovation, Inc. (the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Bennett L. Nussbaum, Interim Chief
Financial Officer of the Corporation, hereby certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

Dated: March 22, 2023 
 /s/ Bennett L. Nussbaum 

Bennett L. Nussbaum, Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 prpl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 prpl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 prpl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 prpl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 prpl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

