<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_863110_0000863110-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13315316</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>292172</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2059450</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4573186</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3313026</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2605964</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000863110-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310143843
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000863110-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARTESIAN RESOURCES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000863110
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER SUPPLY [4941]
		IRS NUMBER:				510002090
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18516
		FILM NUMBER:		23723152

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		664 CHURCHMANS RD
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19702
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3024536900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		664 CHURCHMANS RD
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19702

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000863110-23-000004.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 ARTESIAN RESOURCES CORP FILE 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number 

ORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, , 

Address of principal executive offices

) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol (s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
 Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
 emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12(b)-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
 revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial report under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the
 filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
 any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes No

The aggregate market value of the Class A Non-Voting Common Stock and Class B
 Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant at June 30, 2022 was and ,
 respectively. The aggregate market value of Class A Non-Voting Common Stock was computed by reference to the closing price of such class as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, which trade date was May 18, 2022. The
 aggregate market value of Class B Common Stock was computed by reference to the last reported trade of such class as reported on the OTC Bulletin Board as of June 30, 2022, which trade date was May 18, 2022 . 

As of March 7, 2 023, shares of Class A
 Non-Voting Common Stock and shares of Class B
 Common Stock were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

ARTESIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION

TABLE OF CONTENTS

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 . Business 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Item 1B . Unresolved Staff Comments 

Item 2. Properties 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Item 6 . [ Reserved ] 

Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 

Item 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Item 9 . Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial
 Disclosure 

Item 9A . Controls and Procedures 

Item 9B . Other Information 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that
 Prevent Inspections 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Item 11 . Executive Compensation 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
 Stockholder Matters 

Item 13 . Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

PART IV 

Item 15 . Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

SIGNATURES 

Exhibit 21-Subsidiaries of the Company 

Exhibit 23.1-Consent of BDO USA, LLP 

Exhibit 31.1-Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 31.2-Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 32-Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

2

Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K which express our belief, anticipation or expectation, as well as other statements which are not
 historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
 1995 and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Words such as expects , anticipates , intends , plans , believes , seeks , estimates , projects , forecasts , may , should ,
 variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. They include, but are not limited to, the statements below:

-

general economic, employment and business conditions;

-

material costs and availability;

-

consumer and producer price inflation;

-

the impact of recent acquisitions on our ability to expand and foster relationships;

-

strategic plans for goals, priorities, growth and expansion;

-

expectations for our water and wastewater subsidiaries and non-utility subsidiaries;

-

customer base growth opportunities in Delaware and Cecil County, Maryland;

-

our belief regarding our capacity to provide water services for the foreseeable future to our customers;

-

our belief relating to our compliance and the cost to achieve compliance with relevant governmental regulations;

-

our expectation of the timing of decisions by regulatory authorities;

-

the impact of weather and climate change on our operations;

-

the execution of our strategic initiatives;

-

our expectation regarding the timing for construction on new projects;

-

the adoption of recent accounting pronouncements from time to time

-

contract operations opportunities;

-

legal proceedings;

-

our properties;

-

deferred tax assets;

-

the adequacy of our available sources of financing;

-

the expected recovery of expenses related to our long-term debt;

-

our expectation to be in compliance with financial covenants in our debt instruments;

-

our ability to refinance our debt as it comes due;

-

our ability to adjust our debt level, interest rate, maturity schedule and structure;

-

the timing and terms of renewals of our lines of credit;

-

changes in interest rates;

-

plans to increase our wastewater treatment operations, engineering services and other revenue streams less affected by weather;

-

expected future contributions to our postretirement benefit plan;

-

anticipated growth in our non-utility subsidiaries;

-

anticipated investments in certain of our facilities and systems and the sources of funding for such investments;

-

sufficiency of internally generated funds and credit facilities to provide working capital and our liquidity needs; and

-

the specific and overall impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic on our financial condition and results of operations.

Certain factors, as discussed under Item 1A - Risk Factors, that could cause results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements
 include, but are not limited to:

-

changes in weather;

-

changes in our contractual obligations;

-

changes in government policies;

-

the timing and results of our rate requests;

-

failure to receive regulatory approvals;

-

changes in economic and market conditions generally;

-

unexpected events, restrictions and policies related to a public health crisis, including the COVID-19 pandemic; and

-

other matters discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

While the Company may elect to update forward-looking statements, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, except as may be required under
 applicable securities laws, and you should not rely on any forward-looking statement as a representation of the Company s views as of any date subsequent to the date of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

3

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

General Information

Artesian Resources Corporation, or Artesian Resources, is a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1927, that is the holding company of eight wholly-owned
 subsidiaries offering water, wastewater and other services in Delaware, Maryland and Pennsylvania. The Company s principal executive offices are located at 664 Churchmans Road, Newark, Delaware 19702. Our principal subsidiary, Artesian Water Company,
 Inc., is the oldest and largest investor-owned public water utility on the Delmarva Peninsula, and has been providing superior water service since 1905. We distribute and sell water, including water for public and private fire protection, to
 residential, commercial, industrial, municipal and utility customers in the states of Delaware, Maryland and Pennsylvania. We provide wastewater services to customers in Delaware. In addition, we provide contract water and wastewater operations, and
 water, sewer and internal Service Line Protection Plans. Our Class A Non-Voting Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and trades under the symbol ARTNA. Our Class B Common Stock trades on the Nasdaq s OTC Bulletin Board under the
 symbol ARTNB. 

Artesian Resources is the holding company of five regulated public utilities: Artesian Water Company, Inc., or Artesian Water, Artesian Water Pennsylvania,
 Inc., or Artesian Water Pennsylvania, Artesian Water Maryland, Inc., or Artesian Water Maryland, Artesian Wastewater Management, Inc., or Artesian Wastewater, and Artesian Wastewater Maryland, Inc., or Artesian Wastewater Maryland; and three
 non-utility subsidiaries: Artesian Utility Development, Inc., or Artesian Utility, Artesian Development Corporation, or Artesian Development, and Artesian Storm Water Services, Inc., or Artesian Storm Water. Effective January 14, 2022, Artesian
 Wastewater is the holding company of Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. dba Artesian Wastewater, or TESI, a regulated public utility. The terms we, our, Artesian, and the Company as used herein refer to Artesian Resources and its
 subsidiaries. The business activity conducted by each of our subsidiaries is discussed below under separate headings.

Our Market

Our current market area is the Delmarva Peninsula. Our largest service area is in the State of Delaware. Substantial portions of Delaware, particularly
 outsid e of northern New Castle County, are not served by a public water or wastewater system and represent potential opportunities for Artesian Water and Artesian
 Wastewater to obtain new exclusive franchised service areas. We continue to focus resources on developing and serving existing service territories and obtaining new territories throughout Delaware.

We hold Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity, or CPCNs, for approximately 305 square miles of exclusive water service territory, most of which is
 in Delaware with some territory being in Maryland and Pennsylvania. Our largest connected regional water system, consisting of approximately 141 square miles and 78,600 metered customers, is located in northern New Castle County and portions of
 southern New Castle County, Delaware. We hold CPCNs for approximately 58 square miles of wastewater service territory located in Sussex County, Delaware. In January 2022, approximately 23 square miles of wastewater service territory, located in
 Sussex County, Delaware, was added upon the closing of the acquisition of TESI. A significant portion of our exclusive service territory is in Sussex County, Delaware and remains undeveloped, and if and when development occurs and there is population
 growth in these areas, we anticipate we will increase our customer base by providing water and/or wastewater service to the newly developed areas and new customers.

Subsidiaries

Artesian Water 

Artesian Water, our principal subsidiary, distributes and sells water to residential, commercial, industrial, governmental, municipal and utility customers
 throughout the State of Delaware. In addition, Artesian Water provides services to other water utilities, including operations and billing functions, and has contract operation agreements with private, municipal and state water providers. Artesian
 Water also provides water for public and private fire protection to customers in our service territories. Artesian Water produced approximately 79 of our 2022 consolidated operating revenues. In May 2022, Artesian Water completed its purchase of substantially all of the water operating assets from the Town of Clayton, or Clayton, a Delaware municipality located in Kent County, Delaware. This purchase agreement is
 discussed further in the Strategic Direction and Recent Developments section. 

We derive about 90 of our self-supplied groundwater from wells that pump groundwater from aquifers and other formations located in the Atlantic
 Coastal Plain. The remaining 10 of our groundwater supply comes from wells in the Piedmont Province. We use a variety of treatment methods, including aeration, pH adjustment, chlorination, fluoridation, ultra violet oxidation, arsenic removal,
 nitrate removal, radium removal, iron removal, and carbon adsorption to meet federal, state and local water quality standards. Additionally, a corrosion inhibitor is added to our self-supplied groundwater and to supply from interconnections. We
 have 61 different water treatment facilities in our Delaware systems. All water supplies that we purchase from neighboring utilities are potable. 

4

Table of Contents 

To supplement our groundwater supply, we purchase treated surface water through
 interconnections only in the northern service area of our New Castle County, Delaware system. The treated surface water is blended with our groundwater supply for distribution to our customers. Nearly 95 of the overall 8.6 billion gallons of water
 we distributed in all of our Delaware systems during 2022 came
 from our groundwater wells, while the remaining 5 came from interconnections with other utilities and municipalities. In Delaware in 2022, we pumped an average of 22.2 million gallons per day, or mgd, from our groundwater wells and obtained an
 average of approximately 1.3 mgd from interconnections. Our peak water supply capacity currently is approximately 57.7 mgd. We believe that we have in place sufficient capacity to provide water service for the foreseeable future to all existing and
 new customers in all of our service territories. 

Most of our New Castle County, Delaware water system is interconnected. In the remainder of the State of Delaware, we have several satellite systems
 that have not yet been connected by transmission and distribution facilities. We intend to join these systems into larger integrated regional systems through the construction of a transmission and distribution network as development continues and
 our expansion efforts provide us with contiguous exclusive service territories.

In Delaware, we have 21 interconnections with two neighboring water utilities and six municipalities that provide us with the ability to purchase or
 sell water. An interconnection agreement with Chester Water Authority, that expired December 31, 2021, had a take or pay clause requiring us to purchase 3.0 mgd. The current agreement with Chester Water Authority, which is effective from January
 1, 2022 through December 31, 2026, includes automatic five-year renewal terms, unless terminated by either party, and has a take or pay clause which required us to purchase water on a step-down schedule through July 5, 2022 and now requires us to
 purchase a minimum of 0.5 mgd.

As of December 31, 2022, we were serving customers through approximately 1,442 miles of transmission and distribution mains. Mains range in diameter
 from two inches to twenty-four inches, and most of the mains are made of ductile iron or cast iron.

We have 35 storage tanks in Delaware, most of which are elevated, providing total system storage of approximately 44.0 million gallons. We have
 developed and are using an Aquifer Storage and Recovery, or ASR, system in New Castle County, Delaware. Our ASR system provides approximately 130.0 million gallons of storage capacity, which can be withdrawn at an average rate of approximately 1.0
 mgd. At some locations, we rely on hydro-pneumatic tanks to maintain adequate system pressures. Where possible, we combine our smaller satellite systems with systems having elevated storage facilities.

Artesian Water Maryland 

Artesian Water Maryland began operations in August 2007. Artesian Water
 Maryland distributes and sells water to residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers in Cecil County, Maryland. Artesian Water Maryland owns and operates 9 public water systems. 

The majority of the 0.1 billion gallons of water we distributed in all of our
 Maryland systems during 2022 came from our groundwater wells,
 while a portion came from treated surface water. We have ten separate water treatment facilities in our Maryland systems. We have one water treatment facility that treats surface water through an intake in the Susquehanna River, located in Cecil
 County, Maryland, which has the ability to supply up to 1.0 mgd of water. Our peak water supply capacity currently is approximately 2.0 mgd. We have 8 storage tanks capable of storing approximately 2.5 million gallons. We believe that we have in
 place sufficient capacity to provide water service for the foreseeable future to all existing and new customers in all of our service territories. 

In Maryland, we have one interconnection with the Artesian Water system in
 Delaware, one interconnection with a neighboring utility, and four interconnections with municipalities. These interconnections are capable of providing over 3.0 mgd of water to our Maryland systems . 

Artesian Water Pennsylvania 

Artesian Water Pennsylvania began operations in 2002. It provides water
 service to a residential community in Chester County, Pennsylvania. 

Artesian Wastewater 

Artesian Wastewater began providing wastewater services in Sussex County, Delaware in July 2005. Artesian Wastewater is a regulated entity that owns
 wastewater collection and treatment infrastructure and provides wastewater services to customers in Delaware as a regulated public wastewater service company.

5

Table of Contents 

Artesian Wastewater owns and operates four wastewater treatment facilities, which, combined, are permitted to treat and/or dispose of approximately 2.3 mgd. 
 Artesian Wastewater and Sussex County, a political subdivision of Delaware, provide reciprocal services to address the need of each for additional wastewater treatment and disposal capacity in certain service areas within Sussex County. Artesian Wastewater received an operations permit in March 2020 for a disposal facility that includes a 90-million gallon storage lagoon and spray irrigation to agricultural
 land. This facility provides treated process wastewater disposal services for an industrial customer at a rate up to 1.5 mgd. We began operating this facility in late June 2021, shortly after the industrial customer received its process wastewater
 treatment operating permit. 

TESI 

In January 2022, Artesian Wastewater acquired Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. Artesian Wastewater operates as the parent holding company of
 Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. dba Artesian Wastewater, or TESI. TESI was incorporated in 2004 and is a regulated entity that owns wastewater collection and treatment infrastructure and provides wastewater services to customers in Sussex
 County, Delaware as a regulated public wastewater service company. Artesian Wastewater purchased all of the stock of TESI from Middlesex Water Company, or Middlesex, for 6.4 million in cash and other consideration, including forgiveness of a 2.1
 million note due from Middlesex. This acquisition more than doubled the number of wastewater customers served by Artesian s Delaware wastewater subsidiaries in Sussex County, Delaware and included all residents within the Town of Milton, Delaware.

TESI owns and operates seven wastewater treatment facilities, which, combined, are permitted to treat and/or dispose of approximately 713,000 gallons per
 day.

Artesian Wastewater Maryland 

Artesian Wastewater Maryland was incorporated on June 3, 2008 and is
 authorized and able to provide regulated wastewater services to customers in the State of Maryland. It is currently not providing these services.

Artesian Utility 

Artesian Utility was formed in 1996 and designs and builds water and wastewater infrastructure and provides contract water and wastewater operation services
 on the Delmarva Peninsula to private, municipal and governmental institutions. Artesian Utility also evaluates land parcels, provides recommendations to developers on the size of water or wastewater facilities and the type of technology that should be
 used for treatment at such facilities and operates water and wastewater facilities in Delaware for municipal and governmental agencies. Artesian Utility also contracts with developers and government agencies for design and construction of wastewater
 infrastructure throughout the Delmarva Peninsula.

Artesian Utility currently operates wastewater treatment facilities for the Town of Middletown, in southern New Castle County, Delaware, or Middletown, under
 a 20-year contract that expires in July 2039. Artesian Utility currently operates three wastewater treatment systems with a combined capacity of up to approximately 3.8 mgd. The wastewater treatment facilities in Middletown provide reclaimed
 wastewater for use in spray irrigation on public and agricultural lands in the area.

Artesian Utility also offers three protection plans to customers, the Water Service Line Protection Plan, or WSLP Plan, the Sewer Service Line Protection
 Plan, or SSLP Plan, and the Internal Service Line Protection Plan, or ISLP Plan (collectively, SLP Plans). The WSLP Plan covers all parts, material and labor required to repair or replace participating customers' leaking water service lines up to an
 annual limit. The SSLP Plan covers all parts, material and labor required to repair or replace participating customers' leaking or clogged sewer lines up to an annual limit. The ISLP Plan enhances available coverage to include water and wastewater
 lines within customers' residences up to an annual limit.

Artesian Development 

Artesian Development is a real estate holding company that owns properties, including land approved for office buildings, a water treatment plant and
 wastewater facility, as well as property for current operations, including an office facility in Sussex County, Delaware. The office facility consists of approximately 10,000 square feet of office space along with nearly 10,000 square feet of
 warehouse space.

Artesian Storm Water 

Artesian Storm Water, incorporated in 2017, was formed to provide design, installation, maintenance and repair services related to existing or proposed
 storm water management systems in Delaware and the surrounding areas. The ability to offer storm water services will complement the primary water and wastewater services that we provide. Artesian Storm Water is not actively seeking new
 opportunities.

6

Table of Contents 

Government Regulations

Overview 

The Company is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in all of the jurisdictions in which it operates.

These regulations include state commission orders, environmental protection, securities and exchange activities, including financial reporting and internal
 controls processes, data protection and privacy, tax compliance, health and safety, labor and employment practices, and other general business activities.

State Regulatory Commission Matters 

Our water and wastewater utility operations are subject to regulation by their respective state regulatory commissions, which have broad administrative power
 and authority to regulate rates charged for service, determine franchise areas and conditions of service, approve acquisitions, authorize the issuance of securities and the incurrence of indebtedness, and other matters. The profitability of our
 utility operations is influenced, to a great extent, by the timeliness and adequacy of regulatory relief we are granted by the respective regulatory commissions or authorities in the states in which we operate. See Note 13 to our Consolidated
 Financial Statements for a full description of recent regulatory proceedings.

Service Territory Expansion 

In Delaware, a CPCN grants a water or wastewater company the exclusive right to serve all existing and new customers within a designated area. The Delaware
 Public Service Commission, or DEPSC, has the authority to issue and revoke these CPCNs. In this Form 10-K, we may refer to CPCNs as "franchises" or "service territories."

For a water company, the DEPSC may grant a CPCN under circumstances where there has been a determination that the water in the proposed service area does not
 meet the regulations governing drinking water standards of the Delaware Division of Public Health, or DPH, for human consumption or where the supply is insufficient to meet the projected demand. For a wastewater company, the DEPSC has jurisdiction
 over non-governmental wastewater utilities having fifty or more customers in the aggregate. A CPCN for water and wastewater utilities shall be granted by the DEPSC to applicants in possession of one of the following:

-

a signed service agreement with the developer of a proposed subdivision or development, which subdivision or development has been duly approved by
 the respective county government;

-

a petition requesting such service signed by a majority of the landowners of the proposed territory to be served; or

-

a duly certified copy of a resolution from the governing body of a county or municipality requesting the applicant to provide service to the
 proposed territory to be served.

A water or wastewater utility that has a CPCN must obtain the approval of the DEPSC to abandon a service territory. Once a CPCN is granted to a water or
 wastewater utility, it may not be suspended or terminated unless the DEPSC determines in accordance with its rules and regulations that good cause exists for any such suspension or termination. Although we have been granted an exclusive franchise for
 each of our existing water and wastewater systems in Delaware, our ability to expand service areas can be affected by the DEPSC awarding franchises to other regulated water or wastewater utilities with whom we compete for such franchises.

In Maryland, the Company must obtain approval from the appropriate local government authority for the ability to serve a particular area and also ensure that
 the acquired area is in the county s master water and sewer plan. The authority to exercise a franchise must then be obtained from the Maryland Public Service Commission, or MDPSC. Utilities that seek to develop a franchise by constructing new
 facilities must obtain appropriate approvals from the Maryland Department of the Environment, or MDE, the local government and the MDPSC. The utility must also obtain approval for soil and erosion plans and easement agreements from appropriate
 parties.

Environmental Regulation 

The United States Environmental Protection Agency, or the EPA, the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control, or DNREC, and DPH,
 regulate the water quality of our treatment and distribution systems in Delaware, as do the EPA and the MDE, with respect to our operations in Maryland. The Chester Water Authority, which supplies water to Artesian Water through an interconnection in
 northern New Castle County, is regulated by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, as well as the EPA. We believe that we are in material compliance with all current federal, state and local water quality standards, including
 regulations under the federal Safe Drinking Water Act. However, if new water quality regulations are too costly, or if we fail to comply with such regulations, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
 and planned capital investments.

7

Table of Contents 

The water industry is capital intensive, with one of the highest levels of capital investment in plant and equipment per dollar of revenue among all
 utilities. Increasingly stringent drinking water regulations adopted to meet the requirements of the Safe Drinking Water Act have required the water industry to invest in more advanced treatment systems and processes, which require a heightened level
 of expertise. We have made significant enhancements to existing facilities to effectively treat and remove compounds as required by government agencies, such as ultra violet oxidation treatment, ceramic membrane filtration and carbon filtration. We
 are currently in full compliance with the requirements of the Safe Drinking Water Act. Even though our water utility was founded in 1905, the majority of our investment in infrastructure occurred in the last 40 years.

As required by the Safe Drinking Water Act, the EPA has established maximum contaminant levels for various substances found in drinking water to ensure that
 the water is safe for human consumption. These limits are known as Maximum Contaminant Levels and Maximum Residual Disinfection Levels. The EPA also regulates how often public water systems monitor their water for contaminants and report the
 monitoring results to the individual state agencies or the EPA. Generally, the larger the population served by a water system, the more frequent the monitoring and reporting requirements. The Safe Drinking Water Act applies to all 50 states. The EPA
 has recently proposed regulatory actions addressing per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, or PFAS, including rules to confront PFAS contamination nationwide, with potentially significant implications. The EPA issued a proposal to designate two of the
 most widely used PFAS as hazardous substances. The EPA has also declared drinking water health advisories levels for PFAS.

The Lead and Copper Rule, or LCR, is a United States federal regulation that limits the concentration of lead and copper allowed in public drinking water at
 the consumer's tap, in addition to limiting the permissible amount of pipe corrosion occurring due to the water itself. The EPA first issued the rule in 1991 pursuant to the Safe Drinking Water Act. The EPA promulgated the regulations following
 studies that concluded that copper and lead adversely affect an individual s physical and mental health. The LCR sought to therefore limit the levels of these metals in water by improving water treatment centers, determining copper and lead levels for
 customers who use lead plumbing parts, and eliminating the water source as a source of lead and copper. If the lead and copper levels exceed the "action levels", water suppliers are required to educate their consumers on how to reduce exposure to
 lead. The EPA published a revised LCR in 2021, with a compliance deadline expected in 2024. These revised requirements provide greater and more effective protection of public health by reducing exposure to lead and copper in drinking water.
 Implementation of the revised rule will better identify high levels of lead, improve the reliability of lead tap sampling results, strengthen corrosion control treatment requirements, expand consumer awareness and improve risk communication. In
 addition, implementation of the revised rule will accelerate lead service line replacements by closing existing regulatory loopholes, propelling early action, and strengthening replacement requirements. We are fully compliant with the current LCR and
 are actively examining the revised LCR to ensure we are fully compliant on or before the compliance deadline date, which is expected to be in October 2024.

The DPH has set maximum contaminant levels for certain substances that are more restrictive than the maximum contaminant levels set by the EPA. The DPH is
 the EPA's agent for enforcing the Safe Drinking Water Act in Delaware and, in that capacity, monitors the activities of Artesian Water and reviews the results of water quality tests performed by Artesian Water for adherence to applicable regulations. 
 Artesian Water is also subject to other laws regulating substances and contaminants in water, including rules for volatile organic compounds and the Total Coliform Rule.

A normal by-product of our iron removal treatment facilities is a solid consisting of the iron removed from untreated groundwater plus residue from chemicals
 used in the treatment process. The solids produced at our facilities are either disposed directly into approved wastewater facilities or removed from our facilities by a licensed third-party vendor. A normal by-product of our carbon adsorption
 filtration process is exhausted carbon media, which is disposed of by the contractor providing the media replacement. Management believes that the costs of compliance with existing federal, state and local laws and regulations regulating the discharge
 of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, has had no material adverse effect upon the business and affairs of the Company, but there is no assurance that such compliance costs will continue to not
 have a material effect in the future.

U nder Delaware state laws and regulations, we are required to file applications
 with DNREC for water allocation permits for each of our operating wells pumping greater than 50,000 gallons per day. For any wells in the Delaware River Basin, we must also file allocation permits with the Delaware River Basin Commission, or
 DRBC. We have 138 operating and 63 observation and monitoring wells in our Delaware systems. At December 31, 2022, we had allocation permits for 115 wells, and 23 wells
 that did not require a permit. 

Our access to aquifers within our service territory is not exclusive. Water
 allocation permits control the amount of water that can be drawn from water resources and are granted with specific restrictions on water level draw down limits, annual, monthly and daily pumpage limits, and well field allocation pumpage limits. We
 are also subject to water allocation reg ulations that control the amount of water that we can draw from water sources. As a result, if new or more restrictive water allocation regulations are imposed, they could have an adverse effect on our
 ability to supply the demands of our customers, and in turn, our water supply revenues and results of operations. Our ability to supply the demands of our customers historically has not been affected by private usage of the aquifers by landowners or
 the limits imposed by the State of Delaware. Because of the extensive regulatory requirements relating to the withdrawal of any significant amounts of water from the aquifers, we believe that third-party usage of the aquifers within our service
 territory will not interfere with our ability to meet the present and future demands of our customers.

8

Table of Contents 

The MDE ensures that water quality and quantity at all public water systems in Maryland meet the needs of the public and are in compliance with federal and
 state regulations. The MDE also ensures that public drinking water systems provide safe and adequate water to all current and future users in Maryland, and that appropriate usage, planning, and conservation policies are implemented for Maryland s water
 resources. The MDE oversees the development of Source Water Assessments for water supplies and issues water appropriation permits for public drinking water systems. In order to appropriate water for municipal, commercial, industrial or other
 non-domestic uses, a Water Appropriation Permit must be obtained. Issuance of the permit involves evaluating the needs of the user and the potential impact of the withdrawal on neighboring users and the water source in order to maximize beneficial use
 of the water. Permits for large appropriations often involve conducting pump tests to measure adequacy of an aquifer and safe yield of a well, or reviewing stream flow records to determine the adequacy of a surface water source. Regulations require
 all new community water systems to have sufficient technical, managerial and financial capacity to provide safe drinking water to their consumers prior to being issued a construction permit. Also, capacity management guidance contains capacity limiting factors that can include source capacity, treatment capacity and appropriation permit quantity. The quantity of water withdrawn from the Port Deposit surface water
 intake is allocated by the Susquehanna River Basin Commission, or SRBC, and the MDE. We have 14 operating wells and one surface water in-take in our Maryland systems. 

The Clean Water Act has established the foundation for wastewater discharge control in the United States. The Clean Water Act established a control program
 for ensuring that communities have clean water by regulating the release of contaminants into waterways. Permits that limit the amounts of pollutants discharged are required of all wastewater dischargers under the National Pollutant Discharge
 Elimination System, or the NPDES, permit program. In accordance with the NPDES permit program, the implementing states set maximum discharge limits for wastewater effluents and overflows from wastewater collection systems. Discharges that exceed the
 limits specified under the NPDES permit program can lead to the imposition of penalties. The Clean Water Act also requires that wastewater treatment plant discharges meet a minimum of secondary treatment. The secondary treatment process can remove
 90 to 99 of the organic matter in wastewater. Our removal efficiency is generally 96 to 98 .

Under Delaware state laws and regulations, we are required to hold a permit from DNREC for the construction, operation, maintenance or repair of any on-site
 wastewater treatment and disposal systems with daily design flow rates of 2,500 gallons or greater. A classification on the facility is performed in accordance with Regulations Licensing Operators of Wastewater Facilities. The class of operator
 required for the facility is determined by the Board of Certification for Licensed Wastewater Operations in accordance with Regulations Licensing Operators of Wastewater Facilities. We work to ensure that we operate environmentally friendly wastewater
 systems that meet federal, state and local laws.

Additional General Information

Seasonality 

Substantially all of our water customers are metered, which allows us to measure and bill for our customers water consumption. Demand for water during the
 warmer months is generally greater than during cooler months primarily due to additional customer requirements for water in connection with cooling systems, swimming pools, irrigation systems and other outside water use. Throughout the year, and
 particularly during typically warmer months, demand for water will vary with temperature and rainfall. In the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than expected, or there is more rainfall than expected, the demand for
 water may decrease and our revenues may be adversely affected.

Competition 

Our business in our franchised service areas is substantially free from direct competition with other public utilities, municipalities and other entities. 
 However, our ability to provide additional water and wastewater services is subject to competition from other public utilities, municipalities and other entities. Even though our regulated subsidiaries have been granted an exclusive franchise for each
 of our existing community water and wastewater systems, our ability to expand service areas can be affected by the DEPSC, the MDPSC or the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, or PAPUC, awarding franchises to other regulated water or wastewater
 utilities with whom we compete for such franchises.

Materials and Supplies 

We are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials and parts from our suppliers for expansion, construction and maintenance of our services. 
 The majority of the materials required for our water and wastewater utility business are typically under contract at fixed prices, however, supply chain issues associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, compounded by increasing inflation, resulted in price
 increases and delays in procuring certain materials and equipment. We have been successful in minimizing these delays and cost increases with thorough planning and pre-ordering, however there is no assurance that our future financial results or
 business operations will not be negatively affected.

9

Table of Contents 

Suppliers and Independent Contractors 

We are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers and independent contractors to meet performance specifications, quality standards and delivery schedules
 at our anticipated costs. While we maintain an extensive qualification and performance review system to control risk associated with such reliance on third parties, failure of suppliers or independent contractors to meet commitments could adversely
 affect construction and maintenance schedules. The remaining effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have delayed some of our construction projects and our lead time for material deliveries however, those delays have not impacted our ability to maintain our
 level of service to customers. We are also dependent on the availability of electricity and purchased water at affordable prices. Our electric costs and purchased water costs are at a fixed price under contract.

Employees and Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we employed 252 full-time employees. Of these
 employees, 54 were officers and managers; 120 were employed as operations personnel, including engineers, technicians, draftsman, maintenance and repair persons, meter readers and utility personnel; and 45 were employed in accounting, budgeting,
 information systems, human resources, customer relations and public relations. The remaining 33 employees were administrative personnel. The Company has no collective bargaining agreements with any of its employees, and its work force is not union
 organized or union represented. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. Through ongoing employee development, competitive compensation and benefits, and a focus on health, safety and employee wellbeing, we strive to help
 our employees in all aspects of their lives.

We believe the Company s success depends on its ability to attract, develop and retain key personnel. We provide our employees with resources that
 contribute to their professional development, including technical training and performance reviews. A core principle of our company is to promote from within and offer advancement opportunities at all levels of employment, which helps us retain
 talented employees. We believe our management team has the experience, talent and dedication necessary to effectively execute our business goals and growth strategy. We recognize that the skills, experience, diversity, industry knowledge and
 dedication of our employees significantly benefit our operations and performance.

We set pay ranges based on market data. When considering compensation, we
 consider factors such as an employee s role, experience, and his or her performance. We regularly review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees, to ensure our compensation is fair and
 equitable.

Health and safety in the workplace for our employees is one of the Company s core values. Hazards in the workplace are proactively identified and actions
 are taken to maintain workplace safety. We sponsor a wellness program designed to enhance physical, financial, and mental wellbeing for all our employees. Throughout the year, we encourage healthy behaviors through regular communications, educational
 sessions and other incentives. The COVID-19 pandemic further emphasized the importance of keeping our employees safe and healthy. In response to the pandemic, the Company took actions to help protect our employees so that they could continue to
 perform their work in a safe and effective manner.

We use outside consultants and independent contractors on an as needed basis for various services. We rely on our independent contractors to manage their
 respective employee relations so that the services they are contractually obligated to perform for us satisfy our requirements. Management believes that through our own employees, coupled with the services provided by our independent contractors and
 outside consultants, we have sufficient human capital to continue to operate our business successfully.

Available Information 

We are a Delaware corporation with our principal executive offices located at 664 Churchmans Road, Newark, Delaware, 19702. Our telephone number is (302)
 453-6900 and our website address is www.artesianwater.com . We make available free of charge through our website our Code of Ethics, Annual Reports on Form
 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and our Board Committee Charters as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed
 with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. We include our website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K only as an inactive textual reference and do not intend it to be an active link to our website. Information
 contained on our website shall not be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this report.

10

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are exposed to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Most are general risks and uncertainties applicable to all water and wastewater utility companies. 
 We describe below some of the specific known risk factors that could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, actual results may vary materially from our
 projections. 

Risks Related to Our Operations

We are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers and independent contractors to meet performance specifications, quality standards and delivery
 schedules at our anticipated costs. 

While we maintain an extensive qualification and performance review system to control risk associated with such reliance on third parties, failure of
 suppliers or independent contractors to meet commitments could adversely affect construction and maintenance schedules and our results of operations and financial condition. We have been affected and could continue to be affected by supplier delays
 and increased costs, due to the impacts of inflation, which are outside of our control and could affect our results of operations. We are also dependent on the availability of electricity and purchased water at affordable prices. While our
 electricity costs and purchased water costs are at fixed prices under contracts, after the expiration of these contracts, we may be required to pay higher electricity costs and purchased water costs.

We are subject to risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater. 

Wastewater collection, treatment and disposal involve various unique risks. If collection or treatment systems fail, overflow, or do not operate properly,
 untreated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to wildlife and economic damages, which may not be recoverable in fees. This risk is most
 acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are common causes of sewer overflow and system failure. Liabilities resulting from such damages and injuries could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and
 financial condition.

General economic conditions may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The effects of adverse U.S. economic conditions may lead to a number of impacts on our business that may materially and adversely affect our financial
 condition and results of operations. Such impacts may include a reduction in discretionary and recreational water use by our residential water customers, particularly during the summer months; a decline in usage by industrial and commercial customers
 as a result of decreased business activity and commerce in our customers businesses; an increased incidence of customers inability to pay their bills, bankruptcy or delay in paying their bills which may lead to higher bad debt expense and reduced
 cash flow; and a lower natural customer growth rate may result as compared to what had been experienced before the economic downturn due to a decline in new housing starts and a possible slight decline in the number of active customers due to housing
 vacancies or abandonments.

Aging infrastructure may lead to service disruptions, property damage and increased capital expenditures and operation and management costs, all of which
 could negatively impact our financial results. 

We have risks associated with aging infrastructure, including water and sewer mains, pumping stations and water and wastewater treatment facilities.
 Additionally, the nature of information available on buried and newly acquired assets may be limited, which may challenge our ability to conduct efficient asset management and maintenance practices. Assets that have aged beyond their expected useful
 lives may experience a higher rate of failure. Failure of aging infrastructure could result in increased capital expenditures and operation and management costs. In addition, failure of aging infrastructure may result in property damage, and in safety,
 environmental and public health impacts. To the extent that any increased costs or expenditures are not fully recovered in rates, our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be negatively impacted.

Potential terrorist attacks or sabotage may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We are subject to possible sabotage of our water and wastewater systems, including vandalism causing an interruption in water supply and a reduction in water
 quality, and terrorism, causing contamination of the water supply and a reduction in water quality. We have security measures in place at our facilities to reduce the possibility of future occurrences of sabotage, vandalism, or terrorism and to secure
 our water and wastewater systems. These security measures address water collection, pretreatment, treatment, distribution, storage, wastewater disposal, electronic or automated systems, and the use, handling, delivery, and storage of all chemicals. 
 We also have programs in place to ensure employee awareness of potential threats. We have and will continue to bear any increase in costs, most of which have been recoverable under state regulatory policies, for security precautions to protect our
 facilities, operations and supplies. While the costs of increases in security, including capital expenditures, may be significant, we expect these costs to continue to be recoverable in water and wastewater rates. Despite our security measures, we
 may not be in a position to control the outcome of terrorist events, sabotage or other attacks on our water systems, should they occur.

11

Table of Contents 

We depend on the availability of capital for expansion, construction and maintenance. Weaknesses in capital and credit markets or increased interest rates
 may limit our access to capital. 

Our ability to continue our expansion efforts and fund our utility construction and maintenance program depends on the availability of adequate capital. 
 There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain sufficient capital in the future on favorable terms and conditions, such as changes in market conditions and events beyond our control, most recently increases to interest rates, for expansion,
 construction and maintenance. In the event our lines of credit are not extended or we are unable to refinance our first mortgage bonds when due and the borrowings are called for payment, we will have to seek alternative financing sources, although
 there can be no assurance that these alternative financing sources will be available on terms acceptable to us. In the event we are unable to obtain sufficient capital, our expansion efforts could be curtailed, which may affect our growth and may
 affect our future results of operations.

Climate variability may cause weather volatility in the future and may impact water usage and related revenue, or may require additional expenditures to
 reduce risk associated with any increasing storm, flood, drought or other weather occurrences, all of which may not be fully recoverable in rates or otherwise. 

Severe weather, climate variability patterns and natural or other events, such as increased precipitation and flooding, increased frequency and severity of
 storms and other weather events, may cause decreases in water supply, changes in water usage patterns, potential degradation of water quality, disruptions in water or wastewater services to our customers, and increases in expenditures to repair any
 damage. Due to the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate variability, we cannot predict its potential impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Although some or all potential expenditures and
 costs with respect to our regulated businesses could be recovered through rates we charge to our customers, there can be no assurance that the applicable regulatory authority would authorize recovery of such costs, in whole or in part, for any of these
 impacts.

We may be adversely affected by global climate change or by regulatory, legal or market responses to such change. 

The issue of climate variability is receiving increasing attention nationally and worldwide. Climate change is an intrinsically complex global phenomenon
 with inherent residual risks across its physical and regulatory dimensions that cannot be mitigated given their wide-ranging, interdependent and largely unpredictable potential scope, nature, timing or duration. Some climate researchers believe that
 there will be worsening of weather volatility in the future associated with climate variability, which presents several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities. Potential climate variability challenges include the following; increased
 frequency and duration of droughts, increased frequency and severity of storms and other weather events, increased precipitation and flooding, potential degradation of water quality, unexpected changes in temperature, increases in ocean levels,
 increases in disruption of service, decreases in available water supply, extreme changes in water usage patterns, increased costs to repair damaged facilities, increased costs to reduce risks associated with significant weather events or natural
 disasters, increased costs to improve the reliability of our water and wastewater systems and facilities. We may experience substantial negative impacts to our business if an unexpectedly severe weather event or natural disaster damages our operations
 or those of our suppliers or independent contractors in our service areas, or from the unintended consequences of regulatory changes that directly or indirectly impose substantial restrictions on our activities or adaptation requirements.

Furthermore, federal, state and local authorities and legislative bodies have issued, implemented or proposed regulations, penalties, standards or guidance
 intended to restrict, moderate or promote activities consistent with resource conservation, Greenhouse Gas, or GHG, emission reduction, environmental protection or other climate-related objectives. Compliance with those directed at or otherwise
 affecting our business or our suppliers (or their suppliers operations, or services, could lead to increased environmental compliance expenditures, increased energy and raw materials costs and new and/or additional investment in designs and
 technologies. We continually assess our compliance status and management of environmental matters to ensure our operations are in compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. It is reasonably possible that costs incurred related
 to the various physical and regulatory risks from climate change may affect our future results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. While we have health and safety protocols in place, we can provide no assurance that we or our suppliers
 or independent contractors can successfully operate in areas experiencing a significant weather event or natural disaster, and we or they may be more significantly impacted and take longer, and incur higher costs, to resume operations in an affected
 location, depending on the nature of the event or other circumstances. Although some or all potential expenditures and costs with respect to our regulated businesses could be recovered through rates we charge to our customers, there can be no
 assurance that the applicable regulatory authority would authorize recovery of such costs, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts.

Though we have not as of the date of this report identified or experienced any particular material impact, whether singular or in combination, to our
 consolidated financial statements from climate change or the associated regulatory, physical, and other risks discussed above, we cannot provide any assurance that we have or can successfully prepare for, or are or will be able to reduce or manage any
 of them to the extent they may arise. In addition, the SEC has proposed extensive climate-related disclosure rules, which, if adopted, would likely result in increased compliance costs and capital expenditures.

12

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Governmental Laws and Regulations

We rely on governmental approvals in the States of Delaware and Maryland and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, as well as approvals from the Delaware
 River Basin Commission and Susquehanna River Basin Commission for applicable water allocation, water appropriation and water capacity permits. In addition, we rely on governmental approvals in the State of Delaware for applicable wastewater
 collection, treatment and disposal permits for the operation of our wastewater facilities. 

Our water and wastewater services are governed by various federal and state governmental agencies. Pursuant to these regulations, we are required to obtain
 various permits for any additional systems and current systems to assist in our operations. If any of those permit approvals are not received timely or at all, we may risk the loss of economic opportunity and our ability to create additional systems
 for the effective operation of our water business in Delaware, Maryland and Pennsylvania or our wastewater business in Delaware. We can provide no assurances that we will receive all necessary permits to add systems or continue to operate facilities
 of our water or wastewater business.

Our operating revenue is primarily from water sales. The rates that we charge our customers are subject to the regulations of the public service
 commissions in the states in which we operate. If a public service commission disapproves or is unable to timely approve our requests for rate increases or approves rate increases that are inadequate to cover our investments, deferred regulatory
 assets or increased costs, our profitability may suffer. 

We file rate increase requests, from time to time, to recover our investments in utility plant, deferred regulatory assets and expenses. Once a rate
 increase petition is filed with a public service commission, the ensuing administrative and hearing process may be lengthy and costly. Artesian Water provided notice to the DEPSC of its intent to file a request in the second quarter of 2023 to
 implement new rates to support Artesian Water s ongoing capital improvement program and to cover increased costs of operations. We can provide no assurances that any future rate increase request will be approved by the DEPSC, MDPSC or PAPUC, and if
 approved, we cannot guarantee that these rate increases will be granted in a timely manner and/or will be sufficient in amount to cover the investments, deferred regulatory assets and expenses for which we initially sought the rate increase. To the
 extent we are able to pass through such costs to customers and a state public service commission subsequently determines that such costs should not have been paid by customers, we may be required to refund such costs, with interest, to customers. Any
 such costs not recovered through rates, or any such refund, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

Our water and wastewater operations are subject to extensive federal and state laws and regulations. In addition, our operating costs and capital
 expenditures could be significantly increased if new or stricter regulatory standards are imposed by federal or state environmental agencies. 

We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage,
 disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. Our water and wastewater services are governed by various federal and state environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations, including, among others, the federal Safe
 Drinking Water Act, the Clean Water Act, the LCR and other federal and state laws. These federal and state regulations are issued by the EPA and state environmental regulatory agencies. Pursuant to these laws and regulations, we are required to
 obtain various water allocation permits and environmental permits for our operations. The water allocation permits control the amount of water that can be drawn from water resources. New or stricter water allocation regulations can adversely affect
 our ability to meet the demands of our customers. While we have budgeted for future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with these laws and our permits, it is possible that new or stricter standards would be imposed that will
 raise our operating costs and capital expenditures. Thus, we can provide no assurances that our costs of complying with, or discharging liability under current and future environmental and health and safety laws will not adversely affect our business,
 results of operations or financial condition.

Risks Related to Our Financial Statements and Operating Results

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations, which could affect demand for our water service and our revenues. 

Demand for water during warmer months is generally greater than during cooler months primarily due to additional customer requirements in irrigation systems,
 swimming pools, cooling systems and other outside water use. In the event that temperatures during typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or rainfall is more than normal, the demand for our water may decrease and adversely affect our
 revenues.

Drought conditions and government imposed water use restrictions may impact our ability to serve our current and future customers, and may impact our
 customers use of our water, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We believe that we have in place sufficient capacity to provide water service for the foreseeable future to all existing and new customers in all of our
 service territories. However, severe drought conditions could interfere with our sources of water supply and could adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our existing and future customers. This may adversely affect
 our revenues and earnings. Moreover, governmental restrictions on water usage during drought conditions may result in a decreased demand for water, which may adversely affect our revenue and earnings.

13

Table of Contents 

We could be adversely impacted by inflation. 

We have been affected and could continue to be affected by increased costs for items such as, among others, materials for capital expenditures, fuel, and
 treatment chemicals, due to the impacts of inflation. If inflation increases significantly, we may seek to increase our rates charged to customers. We can provide no assurances that any future rate increase request will be approved by the applicable
 regulatory authority, and if approved, we cannot guarantee that any rate increase will be granted in a timely manner and/or will be sufficient in amount to cover costs for which we initially sought the rate increase. The impact of inflation could
 adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

We may be required to record impairments of goodwill in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
 operations. 

The Company records goodwill when the purchase price of a business combination exceeds the estimated fair value of net identified tangible and intangible
 assets acquired as of the date of an acquisition. The Company s goodwill is primarily associated with the January 2022 acquisition of Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. Goodwill is not amortized, but is evaluated for impairment at least annually,
 or more frequently, if impairment indicators are present that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. We may be required to recognize in the future an impairment of goodwill due to market
 conditions, or other factors related to our performance or the performance of an acquired business, or other circumstances that may impact the fair value of assets acquired. Recognition of impairments of goodwill and changes in fair value of certain
 of our assets would result in a charge to income in the period in which the impairment or change occurred, which may negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and total capitalization.

Risks Related to Our Business Strategy

We face competition from other water and wastewater utilities for the acquisition of new exclusive service territories. 

We face competition from other water and wastewater utilities as we pursue the right to exclusively serve territories in Delaware and Maryland. We address
 this competition by entering into agreements with landowners, developers or municipalities and, under current law, then applying to the DEPSC or the MDPSC for a CPCN. If we are unable to enter into agreements with landowners, developers or
 municipalities and secure CPCNs for the right to exclusively serve territories in Delaware or Maryland, our ability to expand may be significantly impeded.

Any future acquisitions we undertake or other actions to further grow our water and wastewater business may involve risks. 

An element of our growth strategy is the acquisition and integration of water and wastewater systems in order to broaden our current service areas, and move
 into new ones. It is our intent, when practical, to integrate any businesses we acquire with our existing operations. The negotiation of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of acquired businesses could require us to incur significant
 costs and cause diversion of our management s time and resources. We may not be successful in the future in identifying businesses that meet our acquisition criteria. The failure to identify such businesses may limit the rate of our growth. In
 addition, future acquisitions or expansion of our service areas by us could result in:

-

Dilutive issuance of our equity securities;

-

Incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities;

-

Difficulties in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses;

-

Diversion of our management s attention from ongoing business concerns;

-

Failure to have effective internal control over financial reporting;

-

Overload of human resources; and

-

Other acquisition-related expense.

Some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to finance our business and comply with regulatory
 requirements. The businesses we acquire in the future may not achieve sales and profitability that would justify our investment.

We also may experience risks relating to the challenges and costs of closing a transaction and the risk that an announced transaction may not close. 
 Completion of certain acquisition transactions are conditioned upon, among other things, the receipt of approvals, including from certain state public utilities commissions. Failure to complete a pending transaction would prevent us from realizing the
 anticipated benefits. We would also remain liable for significant transaction costs, including legal and accounting fees, whether or not the transaction is completed.

14

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Legal Uncertainty

Contamination of our water supply may result in disruption in our services
 and could lead to litigation that may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our water supplies are subject to contamination from naturally-occurring compounds as well as pollution resulting from man-made sources. Even though we
 monitor the quality of our water on an on-going basis, any possible contamination due to factors beyond our control could interrupt the use of our water supply until we are able to substitute it from an uncontaminated water source. Additionally,
 treating the contaminated water source could involve significant costs and could adversely affect our business. We could also be held liable for consequences arising out of human or environmental exposure to hazardous substances, if found, in our
 water supply. This could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to, and could be further subject to, governmental investigations or actions by other third parties. 

We are subject to various federal and state laws, including environmental laws, violations of which can involve civil or criminal sanctions.

Our operations from time to time could be parties to or targets of lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including system failure, injury,
 contract, environmental, health and safety and employment matters, which are handled and defended in the ordinary course of business. The results of any future litigation or settlement of such lawsuits and claims are inherently unpredictable, but such
 outcomes could also materially and adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.

Risk Related to Cybersecurity and Technology

We are dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology systems. 

We rely on our information technology systems to manage operation of our business. Specifically, our business relies on the following technology
 systems: customer information system, financial reporting system, asset tracking system, remote monitoring system for some of our treatment, storage and pumping facilities, human resources management system, inventory management system, and accounts
 receivable collection management system. Such systems require periodic modifications, upgrades or replacement that subject us to inherent costs and risks, including substantial capital expenditures, additional administration and operating expenses,
 and other risks and costs of delays in transitioning to new systems or of integrating new systems into our current systems. Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters,
 telecommunications failures or acts of war or terrorism, sabotage, theft or similar events or disruptions. A loss of these systems or major problems with the operation of these systems could affect our operations and have a material adverse effect
 on our results of operations.

There have been an increasing number of cyberattacks on companies around the world, which have caused operational failures or compromised sensitive
 corporate or customer data. These attacks have occurred over the internet, through malware, viruses or attachments to e-mails, or through persons inside the organization or with access to systems inside the organization. We have implemented security
 measures and will continue to devote resources to address any security vulnerabilities in an effort to prevent cyberattacks. We utilize third parties to provide and maintain many of our information technology, or IT, resources, including disaster
 recovery and business continuity services intended to safeguard access to and use of our IT resources during a general or local network outage, under agreements with evolving security and service level standards. Our senior IT executives also
 periodically update the audit and disclosure committees and our board of directors on our cybersecurity practices and risks, most recently in November 2022. A reporting process has been established, and periodically tested and refined with the
 assistance of outside experts, to escalate notice within our organization and coordinate and deploy our response to IT security events. Depending on the severity of an event, our incident reporting process includes informing, as early as
 practicable, our senior corporate management. Despite our efforts, a cyberattack, if it occurred, could cause water or wastewater system problems, disrupt service to our customers, compromise important data or systems or result in an unintended
 release of customer information. We feel we have adequate cybersecurity insurance coverage to mitigate the cost of any such cyberattack; however, a possible cyberattack could affect our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations.

Risk Associated with Management

Turnover in our management team could have an adverse impact on our business or the financial market s perception of our ability to continue to grow. 

Our success depends significantly on the continued contribution of our management team both individually and collectively. The loss of the services of any
 member of our management team or the inability to hire and retain experienced management personnel could harm our operating results. In addition, turnover in our management team could adversely affect the financial market s perception of our ability
 to continue to grow.

15

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

There can be no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends in the future or, if dividends are paid, that they will be in amounts similar to past
 dividends. 

Dividends on our common stock will only be paid if and when declared by our Board of Directors. Our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements,
 applicable regulations and other factors, including the timeliness and adequacy of rate increases, will determine both our ability to pay dividends on common stock and the amount of the dividends declared by our Board of Directors. There can be no
 assurance that we will continue to pay dividends in the future or, if dividends are paid, that they will be in amounts similar to past dividends.

Holders of Class A Non-Voting Common Stock have no voting rights. As a result, holders of Class A Non-Voting Common Stock will not have any ability to
 influence stockholder decisions. 

We have two classes of common stock, Class A Non-Voting Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Under our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the right to
 vote for the election of directors and other stockholder matters is exercised exclusively by the holders of Class B Common Stock and the holders of shares of our Class A Non-Voting Common Stock do not have voting rights on any matters that are
 submitted to a vote of stockholders, including with respect to the election of directors and other matters voted upon by stockholders, except as required by the Delaware General Corporation Law. The principal stockholders have significant control over
 the outcome of most fundamental corporate matters.

The price of our common stock may be volatile and may be affected by market conditions beyond our control. 

The trading price of our common stock may fluctuate in the future based on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control and unrelated to our
 financial results. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include but are not limited to volatility of the general stock market or the utility stock index, regulatory developments, general economic conditions and
 trends, actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of operations, actual or anticipated changes in the expectations of investors or securities analysts, actual or anticipated developments in our competitors businesses or the
 competitive landscape generally, litigation involving us or our industry, major catastrophic events or sales of large blocks of our stock. Furthermore, we believe that stockholders invest in public utility stocks in part because they seek reliable
 dividend payments. If there is an oversupply of stock of public utilities in the market relative to demand by such investors, the trading price of our common stock may decrease. Additionally, if interest rates rise above the dividend yield offered by
 our common stock, demand for our stock and its trading price may also decrease.

Risk Related to Pandemics

Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price may be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public
 health emergencies, such as the outbreak of the coronavirus and its variants, or COVID-19. 

Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price may be adversely affected by
 pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as the outbreak of COVID-19. We are considered an essential utility service company, as defined by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Although we continue to operate our business
 consistent with federal guidelines and state and local orders, the outbreak of pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies and any preventive or protective actions taken by governmental authorities may have an adverse effect on our
 operations. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of COVID-19 have caused extreme volatility in financial and other capital markets, which may adversely impact our stock price.

16

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES

Our corporate headquarters are located at 664 Churchmans Road, Newark, Delaware and are owned by Artesian Water.

The Company owns approximately six acres of land in New Castle County, Delaware zoned for office development and two nine-acre parcels of land in Sussex
 County, Delaware for water and wastewater treatment facilities and elevated water storage. The Company also owns an office facility located in Sussex County, Delaware. The facility consists of approximately 10,000 square feet of office space along
 with approximately 10,000 square feet of warehouse space.

The Company owns land, rights-of-way, easements, transmission and distribution mains, collection mains, pump facilities, treatment plants, lift stations,
 treatment/disposal facilities, storage tanks, meters, vehicles and related equipment and facilities. The following table indicates our utility plant as of December 31, 2022.

Utility plant
 comprises :

In thousands

Estimated Useful Life

 (In Years)

December 31, 2022

Utility plant at original cost

Utility plant in service-Water

Intangible plant

---

140

Source of supply plant

45-85

25,223

Pumping and water treatment plant

8-62

116,915

Transmission and distribution plant

Mains

81

338,368

Services

39

56,396

Storage tanks

76

34,567

Meters

26

29,720

Hydrants

60

17,751

General plant

5-31

65,632

Utility plant in service-Wastewater

Intangible plant

---

117

Treatment and disposal plant

21-81

66,420

Collection mains and lift stations

81

49,189

General plant

5-31

1,845

Property held for future use

---

4,489

Construction work in progress

---

34,213

840,985

Less accumulated depreciation

172,954

668,031

Substantially all of Artesian Water's utility plant, except the utility plant in the town of Townsend, Delaware, is pledged as security for our First
 Mortgage Bonds. As of December 31, 2022, no other water utility plant has been pledged as security for loans. Two parcels of land in Artesian Wastewater are pledged as security for a loan.

We believe that our properties are generally maintained in good condition and in accordance with current standards of good water and wastewater works
 industry practice. We believe that all of our existing facilities adequately meet current necessary production capacities and current levels of utilization.

17

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

For a discussion of our legal proceedings, refer to Note 17 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
 SECURITIES

Market Information for the Company s Common Equity 

Artesian Resources' Class A Non-Voting Common Stock, or Class A Stock, is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and trades under the symbol "ARTNA." On
 March 7, 2023, the last closing sale price as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market was 55.13 per share. As of March 7, 2023 there were 528 holders of record of the Class A Stock. The stockholders of Class A shares are entitled to receive
 dividends when they are declared by the Board of Directors. The Company has a long history of paying regular quarterly dividends as approved by our Board of Directors using
 net cash from operating activities. See the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Company s dividend history. 

The intraday high and low Nasdaq Global Select Market prices on the Class A Stock for each quarter during the past two years were:

Stock Price

High

Low

2022

First Quarter

50.88

43.02

Second Quarter

50.00

44.08

Third Quarter

60.36

47.96

Fourth Quarter

59.98

45.44

2021

First Quarter

42.70

36.68

Second Quarter

42.10

35.90

Third Quarter

40.44

36.55

Fourth Quarter

47.99

37.60

Our Class B Common Stock, or Class B Stock, is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "ARTNB." There has been a limited and sporadic public
 trading market for the Class B Stock. As of March 1, 2023, the last reported trade of the Class B Stock on the OTC Bulletin Board was at a price of 53.00 per share on February 9, 2023. As of March 7, 2023, there were 137 holders of record of the
 Class B Stock. The Class B shares are paid the same dividend as the Class A shares.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not issue any unregistered shares of our Class A or Class B Stock.

18

Table of Contents 

The following graph compares the percentage change in cumulative shareholder return on the Company s Class A Stock with the Standard Poor s 500 Stock
 Index and a Peer Group of water utility companies. The graph covers the period from December 2017 (assuming a 100 investment on December 31, 2017, and the reinvestment of any dividends) through December 2022:

INDEXED RETURNS

Base Period

Years Ending December 31

Company Name / Index

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

Artesian Resources Corporation

100

92.81

101.77

104.28

133.71

172.88

S P 500 Index

100

95.62

125.72

148.85

191.58

156.88

Peer Group

100

100.28

135.27

156.00

193.40

165.56

The Peer Group includes American States Water Company, American Water Works Company, Inc., Essential Utilities, Inc., California Water Service Group,
 Connecticut Water Service, Inc. (included through October 9, 2019 when it was acquired by SJW Group), Middlesex Water Company, SJW Group and York Water Company.

19

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 

RESERVED

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT'S 
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

OVERVIEW

Our profitability is primarily attributable to the sale of water and wastewater
 services in our regulated utility business. Our regulated utility segment comprised 90.7 o f total operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 93.4 
 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Water sales are subject to seasonal fluctuations, particularly during summer when water demand may vary with rainfall and temperature. In the event temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler
 than expected, or rainfall is greater than expected, the demand for water may decrease and our revenues may be adversely affected. We believe these effects of weather are short term and do not materially affect the execution of our strategic
 initiatives. Our wastewater services provide a revenue stream that is not affected by these changes in weather patterns. We continue to seek growth opportunities to provide wastewater services in Delaware and the surrounding areas.

Our profitability is also attributed to other non-utility business, such as
 various contract operations, water, sewer and internal SLP Plans and other services we provide. Our contract operations, SLP Plans and other services also provide a revenue stream that is not affected by changes in weather patterns. We also
 continue to explore and develop relationships with developers and municipalities in order to increase revenues from contract water and wastewater operations, wastewater management services, and design, construction and engineering services. We plan to
 continue developing and expanding our contract operations and other services in a manner that complements our growth in water service to new customers. Our anticipated growth in these areas is subject to changes in residential and commercial
 construction, which may be affected by interest rates, inflation and general housing and economic market conditions. We anticipate continued growth in our non-utility subsidiaries due to our water, sewer, and internal SLP Plans.

Inflation

We are affected by inflation, most notably by the continually increasing costs required to maintain, improve and expand our service capability. The
 cumulative effect of inflation results in significantly higher facility replacement costs which must be recovered from future cash flows. Our ability to recover increases in investments in facilities is dependent upon future rate increases, which are
 subject to approval by the applicable regulatory authority. We can provide no assurances that any future rate increase request will be approved, and if approved, we cannot guarantee that any rate increase will be granted in a timely manner and/or will
 be sufficient in amount to cover costs for which we initially sought the rate increase. The impact of inflation could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

Materials and Supplies

We are highly dependent on the availability of essential materials and parts from our suppliers for expansion, construction and maintenance of our services. 
 The majority of the materials required for our water and wastewater utility business are typically under contract at fixed prices, however, supply chain issues associated with the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in price increases and delays in procuring
 certain materials and equipment in 2021 and 2022. We have been successful in minimizing these delays with thorough planning and pre-ordering. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we have increased our quantity of materials and supplies, at an
 increased value of approximately 2.8 million, reported in Current Assets Materials and Supplies on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, there is no assurance that our future financial results or business operations will not be
 negatively affected.

COVID-19 Pandemic

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s financial results and business operations have not been materially adversely affected by the coronavirus, or COVID-19,
 outbreak, which was declared a pandemic in March 2020. However, we have experienced delays in procuring some materials and supplies as well as increased costs. While we have been successful in managing these delays, there is no assurance that our
 future financial results or business operations will not be negatively affected. The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve as of the date of this report. Management is actively monitoring the situation and impacts on its
 operations, suppliers, industry, and workforce.

Regulated Water Subsidiaries

Artesian Water, Artesian Water Maryland and Artesian Water Pennsylvania provide water service to residential, commercial, industrial, governmental,
 municipal and utility customers. Increases in the number of customers contribute to increases, or help to offset any intermittent decreases, in our operating revenue. As of December 31, 2022, the number of metered water customers in Delaware
 increased approximately 3.2 compared to December 31, 2021. The number of metered water customers in Maryland increased approximately 1.2 compared to December 31, 2021. The number of metered water customers in Pennsylvania remained consistent
 compared to December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 8.6 billion gallons of water were distributed in our Delaware systems and approximately 136.6 million gallons of water were distributed in our Maryland systems.

20

Table of Contents 

Regulated Wastewater Subsidiaries

Artesian Wastewater owns wastewater collection and treatment infrastructure and began providing regulated wastewater services to customers in Delaware in
 July 2005. Artesian Wastewater Maryland was incorporated on June 3, 2008 and is able to provide regulated wastewater services to customers in Maryland. It is not
 currently providing these services in Maryland. Our residential and commercial wastewater customers are billed a flat monthly fee, which contributes to providing a revenue
 stream unaffected by weather. The number of Artesian s Delaware wastewater customers more than doubled compared to December 31, 2021, following the acquisition of Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc., or TESI . This acquisition agreement is discussed further in the Strategic Direction and Recent Developments section below. 

Non-Utility Subsidiaries

Artesian Utility provides contract water and wastewater operation services to
 private, municipal, and governmental institutions. Artesian Utility also offers three protection plans to customers, the WSLP Plan, the SSLP Plan, and the ISLP Plan. SLP Plan customers are billed a flat monthly or quarterly rate, which contributes to providing a revenue stream unaffected by weather. There has been consistent customer growth over the years. As of December 31, 2022, the eligible
 customers enrolled in the WSLP Plan, the SSLP Plan and the ISLP Plan increased 2.4 , 0.9 and 6.4 , respectively, compared to December 31, 2021. The non-utility customers enrolled in one of our three protections plans increased 2.5 . 

Strategic Direction and Recent Developments

Our strategy is to increase customer growth, revenues, earnings and dividends by expanding our water, wastewater and SLP Plan services across the
 Delmarva Peninsula. We remain focused on providing superior service to our customers and continuously seek ways to improve our efficiency and performance. Our strategy has included a focus on building strategic partnerships with county governments,
 municipalities and developers. By providing water and wastewater services, we believe we are positioned as the primary resource for developers and communities throughout the Delmarva Peninsula seeking to fill both needs simultaneously. We believe
 we have a proven ability to acquire and integrate high growth, reputable entities, through which we have captured additional service territories that will serve as a base for future revenue. We believe this experience presents a strong platform for
 further expansion and that our success to date also produces positive relationships and credibility with regulators, municipalities, developers and customers in both existing and prospective service areas.

In our regulated water subsidiaries, our strategy is to focus on a wide spectrum of activities, which include strategic acquisitions of existing
 systems, expanding certificated service area, identifying new and dependable sources of supply, developing the wells, treatment plants and delivery systems to supply water to customers and educating customers on the wise use of water. Our strategy
 includes focused efforts to expand through strategic acquisitions and in new regions added to our Delaware service territory over the last 10 years. We plan to expand our regulated water service area in the Cecil County designated growth corridor
 and to expand our business through the design, construction, operation, management and acquisition of additional water systems. The expansion of our exclusive franchise areas elsewhere in Maryland and the award of contracts will similarly enhance
 our operations within the state.

Our ability to develop partnerships with various county governments, municipalities and developers has provided a number of opportunities. In the last
 four years, we completed seven acquisitions including asset purchase agreements with municipal and developer/homeowner association operated systems.

We believe that Delaware's generally lower cost of living in the region, availability of development sites in relatively close proximity to the
 Atlantic Ocean in Sussex County, and attainable financing rates for construction and mortgages have resulted, and will continue to result, in increases to our customer base. Delaware s lower property and income tax rate make it an attractive region
 for new home development and retirement communities. Substantial portions of Delaware currently are not served by a public water system, which could also assist in an increase to our customer base as systems are added.

21

Table of Contents 

On May 26, 2022, Artesian Water completed its purchase of substantially all of the water operating assets from the Town of Clayton, or Clayton, a
 Delaware municipality located in Kent County, Delaware, including Clayton s exclusive franchise territory and the right to provide water service to Clayton s existing customers, or the Clayton Water System. The total purchase price was 5.0 million,
 less the current payoff amount of secured debt or debt associated with the Clayton Water System. This transfer of Clayton s exclusive franchise territory was approved by the DEPSC on April 20, 2022.

In our regulated wastewater subsidiaries, we foresee significant growth
 opportunities and will continue to seek strategic partnerships and relationships with developers and governmental agencies to complement existing agreements for the provision of wastewater service on the Delmarva Peninsula. There are numerous
 locations in Sussex County where Artesian Wastewater s and Sussex County s facilities are connected or integrated to allow for the movement and disposal of wastewater generated by one or the other s system in a manner that most efficiently and cost
 effectively manages wastewater transmission, treatment and disposal. In addition, Artesian Wastewater plans to utilize our larger regional wastewater facilities to expand
 service areas to new customers while transitioning our smaller treatment facilities into regional pump stations in order to gain additional efficiencies in the treatment and disposal of wastewater. We believe this will reduce operational costs at the
 smaller treatment facilities in the future because they will be converted from treatment and disposal plants to pump stations to assist with transitioning the flow of wastewater from one regional facility to another. In addition, since closing the
 transaction with TESI noted below, Artesian s Delaware wastewater subsidiaries are the sole regional regulated wastewater utilities in Delaware, which we believe will enable us to increase efficiencies in the treatment and disposal of wastewater and
 provide additional opportunities to expand our wastewater operations. 

On January 14, 2022, Artesian Wastewater acquired TESI, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Middlesex Water Company, or Middlesex, that provides regulated
 wastewater services in Delaware. Artesian Wastewater purchased all of the stock of TESI from Middlesex for 6.4 million in cash and other consideration, including, forgiveness of a 2.1 million note due from Middlesex. This acquisition more than
 doubled the number of wastewater customers served by Artesian in Sussex County, Delaware and included all residents in the Town of Milton.

Artesian Wastewater began operating its Sussex Regional Recharge Facility in late June 2021, shortly after our large industrial customer received its
 process wastewater treatment operating permit. The associated customer agreement includes a required minimum wastewater flow. Pursuant to a settlement agreement, for the calendar year 2021 only, the minimum required volume of wastewater was
 prorated on a seven-month basis beginning June 1, 2021 and ending December 31, 2021.

The general need for increased capital investment in our water and wastewater systems is due to a combination of population growth, more protective
 water quality standards, aging infrastructure and acquisitions. Our planned and budgeted capital improvements over the next three years include projects for water infrastructure improvements and expansion in both Delaware and Maryland and wastewater
 infrastructure improvements and expansion in Delaware. The DEPSC and MDPSC have generally recognized the operating and capital costs associated with these improvements in setting water and wastewater rates for current customers and capacity charges
 for new customers.

In our non-utility subsidiaries, we continue pursuing opportunities to expand our contract operations. Through Artesian Utility, we will seek to
 expand our contract design, engineering and construction services of water and wastewater facilities for developers, municipalities and other utilities. We also anticipate continued growth due to our water, sewer and internal SLP Plans. Artesian
 Development owns two nine-acre parcels of land, located in Sussex County, Delaware, which will allow for construction of a water treatment facility and wastewater treatment facility. Artesian Storm Water was formed to expand contract work related to
 the design, installation, maintenance and repair services associated with existing or proposed storm water management systems in Delaware and the surrounding areas.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

Critical accounting policies and estimates are those we believe are most important to portraying the financial condition and results of operations and also
 require significant estimates, assumptions or other judgments by management. Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 
 The following provides an overview of the accounting policies that are particularly important to the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Changes in the estimates, assumptions or other judgments included within these
 accounting policies could result in a significant change to the financial statements in any quarterly or annual period. We consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgment that is involved in preparing our
 Consolidated Financial Statements. Senior management has discussed the selection and development of our critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

All additions to utility plant are recorded at cost. Business combinations pursuant to ASC Topic 805 may result in a purchase price allocation and the
 acquired assets are required to be evaluated by the applicable regulatory agency. Cost includes direct labor, materials, AFUDC (see description in Note 1-Utility Plant) and indirect charges for items such as transportation, supervision, pension,
 medical, and other fringe benefits related to employees engaged in construction activities. When depreciable units of utility plant are retired, the historical costs of plant retired is charged to accumulated depreciation. Any cost associated with
 retirement, less any salvage value or proceeds received, is charged to the regulated retirement liability. Maintenance, repairs, and replacement of minor items of utility plant are charged to expense as incurred.

We record water service revenue, including amounts billed to customers, on a cycle basis and unbilled amounts based upon estimated usage from the date of the
 last meter reading to the end of the accounting period. As actual usage amounts are received, adjustments are made to the unbilled estimates in the next billing cycle based on the actual results. Estimates are made on an individual customer basis,
 using one of three methods: the previous year s consumption in the same period, the previous billing period s consumption, or averaging. While actual usage for individual customers may differ materially from the estimate, we believe the overall total
 estimate of consumption and revenue for the fiscal period will not differ materially from actual billed consumption.

22

Table of Contents 

We record accounts receivable at the invoiced amounts. An allowance for
 doubtful accounts is calculated as a percentage of total associated revenues based upon historical trends and adjusted for current conditions. We mitigate our exposure to credit losses by discontinuing services in the event of non-payment;
 accordingly, the related allowance for doubtful accounts and associated bad debt expense has not been significant. However, the Company experienced longer receivable cycles throughout 2020, and into 2021, related to temporary executive orders issued
 by state governmental agencies requiring utility companies to prohibit late fees and service disconnections for non-payment, resulting in an adjustment to increase the reserve for bad debt. During 2022, the Company experienced receivable cycles similar
 to those experienced prior to 2020. Account balances are written off against the allowance when it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, Topic 980 stipulates generally accepted accounting principles
 for companies whose rates are established or subject to approvals by a third-party regulatory agency. Our regulated subsidiaries record deferred regulatory assets
 under FASB ASC Topic 980, which are costs that may be recovered over various lengths of time as prescribed by the DEPSC, MDPSC and PAPUC. As the utility incurs certain costs, such as expenses related to rate case applications, a deferred regulatory
 asset is created. Adjustments to these deferred regulatory assets are made when the DEPSC, MDPSC or PAPUC determines whether the expense is recoverable in rates, the length of time over which an expense is recoverable, or, because of changes in
 circumstances, whether a remaining balance of deferred expense is recoverable in rates charged to customers. In addition, our regulated subsidiaries record deferred
 and/or amortized regulatory liabilities under FASB ASC Topic 980, as determined by the DEPSC, the MDPSC, and the PAPUC. Regulatory liabilities represent excess recovery of cost or other items that have been deferred because it is probable such amounts
 will be returned to customers through future regulated rates. Adjustments to reflect changes in recoverability of certain deferred regulatory assets or certain deferred regulatory liabilities may have a significant effect on our financial results.

Deferred income taxes are provided in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740 on all differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the amounts
 at which they are carried in the consolidated financial statements based on the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Company s rate regulated subsidiaries recognize regulatory liabilities, to the extent considered in ratemaking, for deferred taxes provided in excess of the current statutory tax rate and regulatory assets for deferred
 taxes provided at rates less than the current statutory rate. Such tax-related regulatory assets and liabilities are reported at the revenue requirement level and amortized to income as the related temporary differences reverse, generally over the
 lives of the related properties.

Our long-lived assets consist primarily of utility plant in service and regulatory assets. We review for impairment of our long-lived assets, including
 utility plant in service, in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 360. We review regulatory assets for the continued application of FASB ASC Topic 980. Our review determines whether there have been changes in circumstances or events
 that have occurred that require adjustments to the carrying value of these assets. Adjustments to the carrying value of these assets would be made in instances where changes in circumstances or events indicate the carrying value of the asset may not
 be recoverabl e in rates charged to customers. The Company believes there are no impairments in the carrying amounts of its long-lived assets or regulatory assets at December
 31, 2022. 

In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350, the accounting guidance for testing goodwill , the Company assesses goodwill for impairment annually or more frequently if we encounter events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that, more
 likely than not, the carrying value of goodwill has been impaired . If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its implied fair value, the Company will recognize an impairment charge for the difference up to the carrying value of the
 allocated goodwill. There was no impairment of goodwill as of December 31, 2022. 

Results of Operations

2022 Compared to 2021

Operating Revenues

Revenues totaled 98.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 8.0 million, or 8.8 , more than revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 

Other utility operating revenue increased approximately 4.3 million, or 59.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31,
 2021. This increase is primarily due to an increase in wastewater revenue associated with residential customer growth resulting from the acquisition of TESI in January 2022, industrial wastewater services that started in June 2021, as well as organic
 residential customer growth.

23

Table of Contents 

Non-utility operating revenue increased approximately 3.2 million, or 55.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The
 increase is primarily due to an increase in contract service revenue related to a contract for the design and construction of wastewater infrastructure and an increase in Service Line Protection Plan revenue.

Water sales revenue increased 0.5 million, or 0.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the corresponding period in 2021, primarily due to an increase
 in fixed fee revenue related to added customers. We realized 79.2 and 85.7 of our total operating revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, from the sale of water.

Percentage of Operating Revenues

2022

2021

2020

Water Sales

Residential

48.7

53.0

53.8

Commercial

17.6

19.4

19.5

Industrial

0.1

0.1

0.1

Government and Other

12.8

13.2

13.4

Other utility operating revenues

11.6

7.9

7.4

Non-utility operating revenues

9.2

6.4

5.8

Total

100.0

100.0

100.0

Residential

Residential water service revenues in 2022 amounted to 48.1 million, a decrease of 0.1 million, or 0.2 , below the 48.2 million recorded in 2021,
 primarily due to a decrease in overall water consumption. The volume of water sold to residential customers decreased to 4,209 million gallons in 2022 compared to 4,230 million gallons in 2021, a 0.5 decrease. The number of residenti al customers served increased by approximately 2,900, or 3.3 , in 2022. 

Commercial

Water service revenues from commercial customers in 2022 decreased by 0.6 , to
 17.5 million in 2022 from 17.6 million in 2021, primarily due to a decrease in overall water consumption. The volume of water sold to commercial customers
 decreased to 2,232 million gallons in 2022 compared to 2,237 million gallons sold in 2021, a decrease of 0.2 . 

Industrial

Water service revenues from industrial customers increased to 79,000 in 2022 from 49,000 in 2021. The volume of water sold to industrial customers
 increased to 9.6 million gallons in 2022 from 5.3 million gallons in 2021.

Government and Other

Government and other water service revenues in 2022 increased by 5.6 , to 12.6
 million in 2022 from 12.0 million in 2021, primarily due to an increase in overall water consumption. The volume of water sold to government and other customers
 increased to 1,337 million gallons in 2022 compared to 1,155 million gallons in 2021, an increase of 15.8 . 

Other Utility Operating Revenue

Other utility operating revenue, derived from regulated wastewater services,
 contract operations, antenna leases on water tanks, finance/service charges, wastewater customer service revenues and industrial wastewater service revenues ,
 increased 59.9 , to 11.5 million in 2022 from 7.2 million in 2021. This increase is primarily due to an increase in wastewater revenue associated with residential customer growth resulting from the acquisition of TESI in January 2022,
 industrial wastewater services that started in June 2021, as well as organic residential customer growth.

Non-Utility Operating Revenue

Non-utility operating revenue, derived from non-regulated water and wastewater
 operations, increased by 55.3 , to 9.1 million in 2022 from 5.8 million in 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase in contract service revenue related to a contract for the design and construction of wastewater infrastructure and
 an increase in Service Line Protection Plan revenue.

24

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses, excluding depreciation and income taxes, increased 5.6 million, or 10.9 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the
 year ended December 31, 2021. The components of the change in operating expenses primarily include an increase in non-utility operating expenses of 2.9 million, an increase in utility operating expenses of 2.4 million and an increase in property
 and other taxes of 0.3 million.

Non-utility operating expenses increased 2.9 million, or 73.8 , primarily due to an increase in costs associated with the wastewater infrastructure design and construction contract and an increase in plumbing services related to Service Line Protection Plan repairs. 

Utility operating expenses increased 2.4 million, or 5.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The net
 increase is primarily related to the following.

Payroll and employee benefit costs increased 1.6 million,
 primarily related to an increase in overall compensation and an increase in medical benefit costs.

Administrative costs increased 1.2 million, primarily due to outside contract services for wastewater
 treatment and station maintenance associated with the TESI acquisition and adjustments made in 2021 to reduce the additional bad debt reserve from 2020 associated with the COVID-19 pandemic.

Repair and maintenance costs increased 0.9 million, primarily related to an increase in overall
 maintenance costs related to the TESI acquisition. In addition, tank painting and fuel costs increased. This increase in repair and maintenance costs is partially offset by reimbursements from the Delaware Sand and Gravel Remedial Trust for
 Artesian Water s operating costs related to certain treatment costs pursuant to a settlement agreement.

Water treatment costs
 increased 0.6 million , primarily related to an increase in the cost and usage of water and wastewater treatment chemicals and an increase in water treatment testing costs.

Purchased power costs increased 0.5 million, primarily due to an increase in usage related to the
 additional operational costs associated with the TESI acquisition and upgraded wastewater treatment facilities, in addition to an increase in overall water operations.

Purchased water costs decreased 2.4 million, related to a decrease of water purchased under a new
 contract, effective January 2022, in which the minimum amount of water required to be purchased was reduced.

Property and other taxes increased 0.3 million, or 5.1 , primarily due to an increase in utility plant subject to taxation. Property taxes are assessed on
 land, buildings and certain utility plant, which include the footage and size of pipe, hydrants and wells.

Percentage of Operating and Maintenance Expenses

2022

2021

2020

Payroll and Associated Expenses

48.1

49.9

51.0

Administrative

13.2

12.3

14.1

Purchased Water

3.6

9.5

9.9

Repair and Maintenance

11.1

10.2

8.3

Purchased Power

5.7

5.4

5.5

Water Treatment

4.8

4.0

3.7

Non-utility Operating

13.5

8.7

7.5

Total

100.0

100.0

100.0

The ratio of operating expense, excluding depreciation and income taxes, to total revenue was 57.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to
 56.1 for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Depreciation and amortization expense increased 0.7 million, or 6.2 , primarily due to continued investment in utility plant providing supply, treatment,
 storage and distribution of water to customers and service to our wastewater customers.

Federal and state income tax expense increased 0.1 million, or 2.5 , primarily due to higher pre-tax income in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset
 by a decrease related to stock options exercised.

Other Income, Net

Other income, net increased 0.5 million, primarily due to a 0.5
 million increase in AFUDC, as a result of higher long-term construction activity subject to AFUDC for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021.

25

Table of Contents 

Interest Charges

Long-term debt interest increased 0.9 million, primarily related to an
 increase in long-term debt interest associated with the Series W First Mortgage Bond issued on April 29, 2022 . 

Net Income

Our net income applicable to common stock increased 1.2 million, or 7.0 . Total operating revenues increased 8.0 million and AFUDC increased 0.5 million,
 partially offset by a 6.4 million increase in total operating expenses and 0.9 million increase in interest charges.

Part I, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2021 Annual Report on Form
 10-K includes a comparative discussion of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Overview

The Company s primary sources of liquidity for the year ended December 31, 2022
 were 24.3 million of cash provided by operating activities, 16.4 million in net contributions and advances from developers, which includes 2.0 million of grant funds from the State of Delaware, 31.8 million from the issuance of long-term
 debt and 2.1 million in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock. These funds were used to invest 48.5 million in capital expenditures and 6.3 million in
 acquisitions and to pay dividends of approximately 10.3 million. 

We depend on the availability of capital for expansion, construction and maintenance. We rely on our sources of liquidity for investments in our
 utility plant and to meet our various payment obligations. We expect that our net investments in utility plant in 2023 will be approximately 57.0 million. Our total obligations related to interest and principal payments on indebtedness, rental
 payments, elevated storage tank agreements and water service interconnection agreements for 2023 are anticipated to be approximately 31.8 million. 

Operating Activities

One of our primary sources of liquidity for the year ended December 31, 2022 was
 24.3 million provided by cash flow from operating activities. Cash flow from operating activities is primarily provided by our utility operations, and is impacted by the timeliness and adequacy of rate increases and changes in water
 consumption as a result of year-to-year variations in weather conditions, particularly during the summer. A significant part of our ability to maintain and meet our financial objectives is to ensure that our investments in utility plant and equipment
 are recovered in the rates charged to customers. As such, from time to time, we file rate increase requests to recover increases in operating expenses and investments in utility plant and equipment. We will continue to borrow on available lines of
 credit in order to satisfy current liquidity needs. In addition, the Company has a long history of paying regular quarterly dividends as approved by our Board of Directors
 using net cash from operating activities. 

Investment Activities

The primary focus of our investment in 2022 was to continue to provide high quality, reliable service to our growing service territory. Capital
 expenditures during 2022 were 48.5 million compared to 40.8 million invested during the same period in 2021. During 2022, we continue to focus our investment through our rehabilitation program for transmission and distribution facilities by
 replacing aging or deteriorating mains, installation of new mains, enhancing or improving existing treatment facilities, construction of new water storage tanks, and replacing aging wells and pumping equipment to better serve our customers. In May
 2022, we completed the purchase of substantially all of the water operating assets from the Town of Clayton. We also continue to invest in wastewater projects, including the acquisition of TESI in January 2022. Developers contributed 8.0 million
 of the total investment during the year ended 2022.

26

Table of Contents 

The following chart summarizes our investment in plant and systems over the past three fiscal years

In thousands

2022

2021

2020

Source of supply, treatment and pumping

14,158

9,681

14,999

Transmission and distribution

17,712

20,951

15,993

General plant and equipment

3,856

1,739

3,089

Developer financed utility plant

8,038

6,866

4,132

Wastewater facilities

5,613

2,133

2,586

Allowance for Funds Used During Construction, AFUDC

(894

(556

(781

Total

48,483

40,814

40,018

Of the 67.3 million gross investment expected in 2023, approximately 10.5 million will be for extending transmission and distribution facilities to address
 service needs in growth areas of our service territory. Approximately 16.4 million will be invested in renewals associated with the rehabilitation of aging infrastructure. Approximately 12.0 million will be invested in upgraded PFAS treatment
 equipment, an elevated storage tank, both additional and restored water treatment facilities, and equipment and wells throughout Delaware, Maryland, and Pennsylvania to identify, develop, treat, and protect sources of water supply to assure
 uninterrupted service to our customers. Approximately 9.8 million will be invested in the construction of force mains used for the transmission of wastewater to plants. Approximately 7.9 million will be invested into the ongoing construction of a
 regional wastewater treatment plant, along with improvements to existing wastewater treatment plants and wastewater pumping stations. Approximately 7.5 million will be invested in general plant, which includes replacement computer hardware,
 transportation and equipment upgrades, new corporate automation, and building renovations. Approximately 2.4 million will be invested in the relocations of facilities as a result of government mandates. Additionally, we will refund 0.8 million to
 customers, real estate developers and builders related to previous advances for construction they provided to Artesian for distribution facilities on their properties.

Our projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review, and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other
 factors. The Company s investment for 2023 is expected to be offset by developer contributions of 7.1 million and grant funds from the State of Delaware of 3.2 million, for a net investment of 57.0 million in 2023. The Company believes the net
 investment in utility plant will continue to be recovered through rates charged to customers.

Financing Activities

We have several sources of liquidity to finance our investment in utility plant
 and other fixed assets. We estimate that future investments will be financed by our operations and external sources. We expect to fund our activities for the next twelve months using our projected cash generated from operations, bank credit lines,
 state revolving fund loans, government grants, and other capital market financing as needed to provide sufficient working capital to maintain normal operations, to meet our financing requirements and to expand through strategic acquisitions. 
 We believe that our cash on hand and future cash generated from the foregoing activities will provide adequate resources to fund our short-term and long-term capital, operating and financing needs. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to
 secure funding on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Our cash flows from operations are primarily derived from water sales revenues and may be materially affected by changes
 in water sales due to weather and the timing and extent of increases in rates approved by state public service commissions. 

Material Cash Requirements

Lines of Credit and Long Term Debt

At December 31, 2022, Artesian Resources had a 40 million line of credit with
 Citizens Bank, or Citizens, which is available to all subsidiaries of Artesian Resources. As of December 31, 2022, there was 26.9 million of available funds under this line of credit. The previous interest rate for borrowings under this line was
 the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, plus 1.00 . It is expected that the LIBOR rate for USD currency will be discontinued after June 30, 2023. As a result, effective
 May 20, 2022, this line of credit agreement was amended to replace LIBOR with the Daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR. The interest rate is a one-month SOFR plus 10 basis points, or Term SOFR, plus an applicable margin of 0.85 . Term
 SOFR cannot be less than 0.00 . This is a demand line of credit and therefore the financial institution may demand payment for any outstanding amounts at any time. The term of this line of credit expires on the earlier of May 21, 2023 or any date
 on which Citizens demands payment. The Company expects to renew this line of credit. 

At December 31, 2022, Artesian Water had a 20 million line of credit with
 CoBank, ACB, or CoBank, that allows for the financing of operations for Artesian Water, with up to 10 million of this line available for the operations of Artesian Water Maryland. As of December 31, 2022, there was 12.9 million of available funds
 under this line of credit. The previous interest rate for borrowings under this line allowed the Company to select either LIBOR plus 1.50 or a weekly variable rate established by CoBank; the Company historically used the weekly variable
 interest rate. In October 2022, this line of credit was amended to replace the previous interest rate options with a daily SOFR rate plus 1.45 option or a term SOFR rate
 plus 1.45 option that is locked in for either one or three months. The term of this line of credit expires on October 29, 2023. Artesian Water expects to renew this line of credit.

27

Table of Contents 

The Company s material cash requirements include the following lines of credit commitments and contractual obligations:

Material Cash Requirements

Payments Due by Period

In thousands

Less than

 1 Year

1-3

 Years

4-5

 Years

After 5

 Years

Total

First mortgage bonds (principal and interest)

7,924

15,773

15,659

237,358

276,714

State revolving fund loans (principal and interest)

937

1,699

1,463

6,364

10,463

Promissory note (principal and interest)

961

1,921

1,924

10,613

15,419

Asset purchase contractual obligation (principal and interest)

345

672

647

---

1,664

Lines of credit

20,174

---

---

---

20,174

Operating leases

25

51

52

1,406

1,534

Operating agreements

60

79

84

782

1,005

Unconditional purchase obligations

809

1,568

770

---

3,147

Tank painting contractual obligation

626

939

---

---

1,565

Total contractual cash obligations

31,861

22,702

20,599

256,523

331,685

Artesian s long-term debt agreements and revolving lines of credit contain customary affirmative and negative covenants that are binding on us (which are in
 some cases subject to certain exceptions), including, but not limited to, restrictions on our ability to make certain loans and investments, guarantee certain obligations, enter into, or undertake, certain mergers, consolidations or acquisitions,
 transfer certain assets or change our business. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with these covenants.

Long-term debt obligations reflect the maturities of certain series of our first mortgage bonds, which we intend to refinance when due if not refinanced
 earlier. One first mortgage bond is subject to redemption in a principal amount equal to 150,000 plus interest per calendar quarter. The state revolving fund loan obligation and promissory note obligation have an amortizing mortgage payment
 payable over a 20-year period. The first mortgage bonds, the state revolving fund loan and the promissory note have certain financial covenant provisions, the violation of which could result in default and require the obligation to be immediately
 repaid, including all interest. We have not experienced conditions that would result in our default under these agreements.

On April 29, 2022, Artesian Water and CoBank entered into a Bond Purchase Agreement, or the Agreement, relating to
 the issue and sale by Artesian Water to CoBank of a 30 million principal amount First Mortgage Bond, Series W, or the Bond, due April 30, 2047, or the Maturity Date. The Bond was issued pursuant to Artesian Water s Indenture of Mortgage dated as of
 July 1, 1961, as amended and supplemented by supplemental indentures, including the Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2022, or the Supplemental Indenture, from Artesian Water to Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee. The
 Supplemental Indenture is a first mortgage lien against substantially all of Artesian Water s utility plant. The proceeds from the sale of the Bond were used to pay down outstanding lines of credit of the Company and a loan payable to Artesian
 Resources, with any additional proceeds used to fund capital investments in Artesian Water. The DEPSC approved the issuance of the Bond on April 20, 2022. The Bond carries an annual interest rate of 4.43 through but excluding the Maturity Date. 
 Interest is payable on June 30th, September 30th, December 30th and March 30th in each year and on the Maturity Date, beginning June 30, 2022, until Artesian Water s obligation with respect to the payment of principal, premium (if any) and interest
 shall be discharged. Overdue payments shall bear interest as provided in the Supplemental Indenture. The term of the Bond also includes certain limitations on Artesian Water s indebtedness.

On May 26, 2022, Artesian Water completed its purchase of substantially all of the water operating assets from the Town of Clayton, or
 Clayton. The total purchase price was 5.0 million, less the current payoff amount of secured debt or debt associated with the water operating assets. At closing, Artesian Water paid approximately 3.4 million of the total purchase price. The
 remaining 1.6 million is payable in five equal annual installments on the anniversary date of the closing date. Each annual installment is payable with interest at an annual rate of 2.0 .

On August 12, 2022, Artesian Water entered into three Financing Agreements, or the Financing Agreements, with the
 Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund (the Fund ), acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health, a public agency of the state of Delaware, or the Department. The Department makes
 loans to, and acquires obligations of, eligible persons in Delaware to finance the costs of drinking water facilities in accordance with the Federal Safe Drinking Water Act using funds from the Fund. Under the Financing Agreements, the Department has
 agreed to advance to Artesian Water up to 966,000, 1,167,000 and 3,200,000 (collectively, the Loans from the Fund to finance all or a portion of the costs to replace specific water transmission mains in service areas located in New Castle
 County, Delaware (collectively, the Projects ). In accordance with the Financing Agreements, Artesian Water will from time to time request funds under the Loans as it incurs costs in connection with the Projects. In connection with the Financing
 Agreements, Artesian Water issued to the Department three General Obligation Notes dated as of August 12, 2022, or the Notes. Under the Notes, borrowings under the Financing Agreements bear interest at a rate of 1.0 per annum and are further subject
 to an administrative fee at a rate of 1.0 per annum (collectively, interest and the administrative fee are referred to herein as Fee ). The Fee shall be paid semiannually on each February 1 and August 1, beginning on February 1, 2023. The Notes
 will mature on February 1, 2043. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.8 million was borrowed under the Loans.

28

Table of Contents 

On December 9, 2022, Artesian Water Company entered into three Financing Agreements, or the Financing Agreements,
 with the Fund, acting by and through the Department. Under the Financing Agreements, the Department has agreed to advance to or to reimburse Artesian Water up to 901,170, 1,042,695 and 1,050,000 (collectively, the Loans from the Fund to finance
 all or a portion of the costs to replace specific water transmission mains in service areas located in New Castle County, Delaware (collectively, the Projects ). In accordance with the Financing Agreements, Artesian Water will from time to time
 request funds under the Loans as it incurs costs in connection with the Projects. In connection with the Financing Agreements, Artesian Water issued to the Department three General Obligation Notes dated as of December 9, 2022, or the Notes. Under
 the Notes, borrowings under the Financing Agreements bear interest at a rate of 1.0 per annum and are further subject to an administrative fee at a rate of 1.0 per annum (collectively, interest and the administrative fee are referred to herein as
 Fee ). The Fee shall be paid semiannually on each June 1 and December 1, beginning on June 1, 2023. Two notes will mature on June 1, 2043 and one will mature on December 1, 2043. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.0 million was requested
 under the Loans, and funds received in January 2023.

In order to control purchased power cost, in August 2018 Artesian Water entered into an electric supply contract with MidAmerican Energy
 Services, LLC effective from September 2018 through May 2022. In February 2021, Artesian Water entered into a new electric supply contract with MidAmerican that is effective from May 2021 to May 2025. The fixed rate was lowered 5.6 starting in May
 2021. In August 2018, Artesian Water Maryland entered into an electric supply agreement with Constellation NewEnergy, Inc., effective from May 2019 through May 2022. In February 2022, Artesian Water Maryland entered into an electric supply agreement
 with Constellation NewEnergy, Inc., effective from May 2022 through November 2025. In January 2022, following the acquisition of Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc., TESI dba Artesian Wastewater assumed an electricity supply contract with WGL
 Energy that is effective through December 2024.

Payments for unconditional purchase obligations reflect minimum water purchase obligations based on rates that are subject to change under two
 interconnection agreements with the Chester Water Authority. One agreement, that expired on December 31, 2021, had a take or pay clause requiring us to purchase 3 million gallons per day. The other agreement is effective from January 1, 2022
 through December 31, 2026, includes automatic five year renewal terms, unless terminated by either party, and has a take or pay clause which required us to purchase water on a step down schedule through July 5, 2022, and now requires us to purchase a
 minimum of 0.5 million gallons per day. In addition, payments for unconditional purchase obligations reflect minimum water purchase obligations based on a contract rate under our interconnection agreement with the Town of North East, which expires
 June 26, 2024.

In April 2021, Artesian Water entered into a 3-year agreement with Worldwide Industries Corporation effective July 1, 2021 to paint elevated water storage
 tanks. Pursuant to the agreement, the total expenditure for the three years was 1.2 million. In September 2022, this agreement was amended to paint an additional elevated water storage tank and to extend the term of the agreement for an additional
 year. Pursuant to the amended agreement, the total expenditure for the four years is 2.2 million.

IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

See Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of the impact of recent accounting pronouncements.

ITEM 7A. 

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company s business operations give rise to market risk exposure due to changes in interest rates and commodity prices. To manage such risks effectively,
 the Chief Financial Officer, with support from the Executive Officers, Audit Committee and Board of Directors, evaluates strategies to mitigate these risks by limiting variable rate exposure and by monitoring the effects of market changes in interest
 rates. The Company s financial risk management evaluations are designed to protect against risk arising from extreme adverse market movements on our key exposures.

The Company is subject to the risk of fluctuating interest rates in the normal course of business. Our policy is to manage interest rates through the use of
 fixed rate long-term debt and, to a lesser extent, short-term debt. The Company's exposure to interest rate risk related to existing fixed rate, long-term debt is due to the term of the majority of our First Mortgage Bonds and the term of the
 promissory note, which have final maturity dates ranging from 2028 to 2049, and interest rates ranging from 4.24 to 5.96 , which exposes the Company to interest rate risk as interest rates may drop below the existing fixed rate of the long-term debt
 prior to such debt s maturity. In addition, the Company has interest rate exposure on 60 million of variable rate lines of credit, with two banks, under which the interim bank loans payable at December 31, 2022 were approximately 20.2 million. An
 increase in the variable interest rates has resulted and is expected to continue to result in an increase in the cost of borrowing on these variable rate lines of credit. Also, changes in SOFR could affect our operating results and liquidity. We are
 also exposed to market risk associated with changes in commodity prices. Our risks associated with price increases in chemicals, electricity and other commodities are mitigated by our ability to recover our costs through rate increases to our
 customers. We have also sought to mitigate future significant electric price increases by signing multi-year supply contracts at fixed prices.

29

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

In thousands

For the Year Ended

ASSETS 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

Utility plant, at original cost less accumulated depreciation

Current assets

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable (less allowance for doubtful accounts 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Income tax receivable

Unbilled operating revenues

Materials and supplies

Prepaid property taxes

Prepaid expenses and other

Total current assets

Other assets

Non-utility property (less accumulated depreciation 2022 - ; 2021 - 

Other deferred assets

Goodwill

Operating lease right of use assets

Total other assets

Regulatory assets, net

Total Assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Stockholders equity

Common stock

Preferred stock

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Total stockholders equity

Long-term debt, net of current portion

Current liabilities

Lines of credit

Current portion of long-term debt

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Overdraft payable

Accrued interest

Income taxes payable

Customer and other deposits

Other

Total current liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11)

Deferred credits and other liabilities

Net advances for construction

Operating lease liabilities

Regulatory liabilities

Deferred investment tax credits

Deferred income taxes

Total deferred credits and other liabilities

Net contributions in aid of construction

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

The notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial
 statements .

30

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

In thousands, except per share amounts

For the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

Operating revenues

Water sales

Other utility operating revenue

Non-utility operating revenue

Total Operating Revenues 

Operating expenses

Utility operating expenses

Non-utility operating expenses

Depreciation and amortization

Taxes

State and federal income tax expense (benefit)

Current

Deferred

Property and other taxes

Total Operating Expenses

Operating income

Other income, net

Allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC)

Miscellaneous

Income before interest charges

Interest charges

Net income applicable to common stock

Income per common share:

Basic

Diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding:

Basic

Diluted

Cash dividends per share of common stock

The notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

31

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

In thousands

For the Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

2020

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Deferred income taxes, net

Stock compensation

AFUDC, equity portion

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts

Income tax receivable

Unbilled operating revenues

Materials and supplies

Income taxes payable

Prepaid property taxes

Prepaid expenses and other

Other deferred assets

Regulatory assets

Regulatory liabilities

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Accrued interest

Revenue reserved for refund

Customer deposits and other

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES

CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Capital expenditures (net of AFUDC, equity portion)

Investment in acquisitions, net of cash acquired

Proceeds from sale of assets

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Net (repayments) borrowings under lines of credit agreements

Increase (decrease) in overdraft payable

Net advances and contributions in aid of construction

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock

Issuance of long-term debt

Dividends paid

Debt issuance costs

Principal repayments of long-term debt

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR

Non-cash Investing and Financing Activity:

Utility plant received as construction advances and contributions in aid of construction

Contractual amounts of contributions in aid of construction due from developers included in accounts receivable

Contractual amounts of contributions in aid of construction received from developers previously included in
 accounts receivable

Change in amounts included in accounts payable and accrued
 payables related to capital expenditures

Supplemental Cash Flow Information:

Interest paid

Income taxes paid

Purchase price allocation of investment in acquisitions:

Utility plant

Cash

Goodwill

Other assets

Total assets

Less:

Liabilities

Future contractual obligation payable to seller

Contributions in aid of construction

Cash paid for acquisitions

Cash received from acquisitions

Net cash paid for acquisitions

The notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

32

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

In thousands

Common Shares Outstanding Class A Non-Voting (1) (3) (4) 

Common Shares Outstanding Class B Voting (2) 

Par Value Class A Non-Voting

Par Value Class B Voting

Additional Paid-in Capital

Retained Earnings

Total

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

Net income

Cash dividends declared

Common stock

Issuance of common stock

Dividend reinvestment plan

Employee stock options and awards (4) 

Employee Retirement Plan (3) 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Net income

Cash dividends declared

Common stock

Issuance of common stock

Dividend reinvestment plan

Employee stock options and awards (4) 

Employee Retirement Plan (3) 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Net income

Cash dividends declared

Common stock

Issuance of common stock

Dividend reinvestment plan

Employee stock options and awards (4) 

Employee Retirement Plan (3) 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

(1) 

shares authorized. For the same periods, shares issued, inclusive of treasury shares, were , and , respectively. 

(2) 

shares authorized and shares issued. 

(3) 

shares of Class A Common Stock, subsequently adjusted for stock splits, available for purchase through the Company s 401(k) retirement plan . 

(4) 

shares of Class A Common Stock for issuance of
 grants in forms of stock options, stock units, dividend equivalents and other stock-based awards, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances as discussed in the Plan. Includes stock compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, see Note 1-Stock Compensation Plans. 

The notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

33

Table of Contents 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

, , and , respectively. The rate
 used to capitalize AFUDC for Artesian Wastewater in 2022 ,
 2021 , and 2020 was , , and , respectively. The rate used to capitalize AFUDC for TESI in 2022 was .

34

Table of Contents 

Source of supply plant

- 

Pumping and water treatment plant

- 

Transmission and distribution plant

Mains

Services

Storage tanks

Meters

Hydrants

General plant

- 

Utility plant in service-Wastewater

Intangible plant

Treatment and disposal plant

- 

Collection mains lift stations

General plant

- 

Property held for future use

Construction work in progress

Less accumulated depreciation

to years. Composite
 depreciation rates for water utility plant were , and for 2022 , 2021 and 2020 , respectively. In
 a rate order issued by the DEPSC, the Company was directed effective January 1, 1998 to begin using revised depreciation rates for utility plant. In rate orders issued by the DEPSC, Artesian Water was directed, effective May 28, 1991 and August 25,
 1992, to offset depreciation recorded on utility plant by depreciation on utility property funded by Contributions in Aid of Construction, or CIAC, and Advances for Construction, or Advances, respectively. This reduction in depreciation expense is
 also applied to outstanding CIAC and Advances. Other deferred assets are amortized using the straight-line method over applicable lives, which range from to years. 

35

Table of Contents 

Rate case studies

Delaware rate proceedings

Maryland rate proceedings

Debt related costs

to 

 (based on term of related debt)

Deferred costs affiliated interest agreement

Goodwill (resulting from acquisition of Mountain Hill Water Company in 2008)

Deferred acquisition costs (resulting from purchase of water assets in Cecil County, Maryland in 2011 and Port Deposit, Maryland in
 2010)

Franchise Costs (resulting from purchase of water assets in Cecil County, Maryland in 2011)

Deferred contract costs and other

Debt related costs

Goodwill

Deferred costs affiliated interest agreement

Deferred acquisition and franchise costs

impairment or
 regulatory disallowance identified in our review.

million of goodwill. The million goodwill arose from the January 2022 acquisition of Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. Artesian Wastewater operates as the parent holding company of Tidewater
 Environmental Services, Inc. dba Artesian Wastewater, or TESI. In accordance with the accounting guidance for testing goodwill, the Company annually assesses qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a
 determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. For 2022, the Company s assessment of qualitative factors did not indicate that an impairment had occurred for goodwill. Based on
 the results of the qualitative testing, the Company did not perform quantitative testing on goodwill in 2022.

36

Table of Contents 

Settlement agreement receivable-long term

Other deferred assets

million for the
 additional CIAC collected in 2021 to pay the associated tax.

million in grant funding from the State of Delaware, Delaware Department of Health and Social Services, Division of Public Health, or DPH, pursuant to grant agreements. The grants shall be used by Artesian Water to cover the costs associated with
 certain construction projects. The grant funds received under the grant agreements are recorded in accordance with the requirements under FASB ASC Topic 980, in Net contributions in aid of construction in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Artesian
 Water is eligible to receive an additional million of grant funds pursuant to the grant agreements.

million, related to the treatment costs associated with the release of contaminants from the Delaware Sand 
 Gravel Landfill Superfund Site in groundwater that Artesian Water uses for public potable water supply, pursuant to the Settlement Agreement. Approximately 
 million was paid in August 2022. The remaining million is due in equal installments no later than August of each year from 2023 through 2025. Artesian Water received approval from the DEPSC in October 2022 to refund to its customers these
 reimbursements for past capital and operating costs. The refund for the reimbursements will be applied to current and future customer bills in annual installments. The first refund occurred in October 2022, and future customer refunds will occur no
 later than August of each year from 2023 through 2025. The amount of the credit will be calculated by dividing the amount of the reimbursement by the number of eligible customers. Beginning in 2022, Artesian Water will record 2022 and future recovery
 of capital expenditures as Contributions in Aid of Construction and will record expense recovery as an offset to operations and maintenance expense, with the intention that those recoveries will then be available for inclusion and consideration in any
 future rate applications. For a full discussion of the Settlement Agreement, refer to Part II Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item 8 Note 17 - Legal Proceedings.

37

Table of Contents 

to (see Note 5) resulting in a decrease in the net deferred income tax liability of 
 million, of which million was reclassified to a regulatory liability related to Artesian Water and Artesian Water Maryland. The regulatory
 liability amount is subject to certain Internal Revenue Service normalization rules that require the benefits to customers be spread over the remaining useful life of the underlying assets giving rise to the associated deferred income taxes. On
 January 31, 2019, the DEPSC approved the amortization of the regulatory liability amount of million over a period of years beginning February 1, 2018, subject to audit at a later date. In May 2022, the Company received a rate order from the DEPSC instructing the
 Company to continue amortizing the liability over a period of years, subject to review in the Company s next base rate filing. The MDPSC
 has not issued a final order on the regulatory liability amount of million regarding the effects of the TCJA on Maryland customers.

Deferred settlement refunds

Deferred income taxes (related to TCJA)

. The
 statute of limitations for the 2018 tax returns lapsed during the third quarter of 2022, which resulted in the reversal of the reserve in the amount of approximately . The Company has elected to recognize accrued interest (net of related tax benefits) and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of its income tax expense. During
 the third quarter, the Company has reversed approximately in penalties and interest for the nine months ended September 30, 2022, leaving
 a balance. The Company remains subject to examination by federal and state authorities for the tax years 2019 through 2022 .

38

Table of Contents 

,
 and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Costs were determined based on the fair value on the dates of the awards and those costs were charged to income over the service
 periods associated with the awards. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized expense related to non-vested awards of restricted shares granted under the 2015 Plan.

options were granted in 2022, 2021 or 2020.

shares of Class A Common
 Stock, or Class A Stock, were granted as restricted stock awards. The fair value per share was , the closing price of the Class A Stock as
 recorded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 3, 2022. Prior to their release date, these restricted stock awards may be subject to forfeiture in the event of the recipient s termination of service.

shares of Class A Stock were
 granted as restricted stock awards. The fair value per share was , the closing price of the Class A Stock as recorded on the Nasdaq Global
 Select Market on May 4, 2021. These shares were fully vested and released one year after the grant date.

shares of Class A Stock
 were granted as restricted stock awards. The fair value per share was , the closing price of the Class A Stock as recorded on the Nasdaq
 Global Select Market on May 6, 2020. These shares were fully vested and released one year after the grant date. 

million,
 related to the treatment costs associated with the release of contaminants from the Delaware Sand Gravel Landfill Superfund Site, or Site, in groundwater that Artesian Water uses for public potable water supply. Approximately million was paid in August 2022. The remaining 
 million is due in equal installments no later than August of each year from 2023 through 2025. An allowance for doubtful accounts is
 calculated as a percentage of total associated revenues based upon historical trends and adjusted for current conditions. We mitigate our exposure to credit losses by discontinuing services in the event of non-payment; accordingly, the related
 allowance for doubtful accounts and associated bad debt expense has not been significant. The allowance for doubtful accounts was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. The corresponding expense, excluding the reserve adjustment recorded in 2021, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

39

Table of Contents 

Customer accounts receivable wastewater

Settlement agreement receivable

Miscellaneous accounts receivable

Developer receivable

Less allowance for doubtful accounts

Net accounts receivable

Allowance adjustments

Recoveries

Write off of uncollectible accounts

Ending balance

or less to be cash equivalents. Artesian Resources and its subsidiaries utilize their bank s zero balance account disbursement service to
 reduce the use of their lines of credit by funding checks as they are presented to the bank for payment rather than at issuance. If the checks currently outstanding, but not yet funded, exceed the cash balance on our books, the net liability is
 recorded as a current liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in the Overdraft Payable account.

million, reported in
 Current Assets Materials and Supplies on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.

40

Table of Contents 

41

Table of Contents 

days of invoicing. An allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated as a percentage of total associated revenues based upon historical trends and adjusted for current conditions. We
 mitigate our exposure to credit losses by discontinuing services in the event of non-payment; accordingly, the related allowance for doubtful accounts and associated bad debt expense has not been significant. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic
 causing hardships for many utility customers, the Company experienced longer receivable cycles throughout 2020 and into 2021 and made an adjustment to increase the reserve for bad debt by million in 2020. In June 2021 we made an adjustment to reduce the reserve by 
 million. We will continue to monitor factors that affect the reserve for bad debt.

days of invoicing. An allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated as a percentage of total SLP Plan contract revenue. We mitigate our exposure to credit losses by discontinuing services in the event of non-payment; accordingly, the related
 allowance for doubtful accounts and associated bad debt expense has not been significant.

days, and therefore there is no contract asset or liability associated with most of these revenues. We have operation contract that was paid in advance resulting in a contract liability for services that have not yet been provided. An allowance for doubtful
 accounts is provided based on a periodic analysis of individual account balances, including an evaluation of days outstanding, payment history, recent payment trends, and our assessment of our customers creditworthiness. The related allowance for
 doubtful accounts and associated bad debt expense has not been significant.

42

Table of Contents 

Fixed fees

Service charges

DSIC

Metered wastewater services

Industrial wastewater services

Total Tariff Revenue

Contract operations

Design and installation

Inspection fees

Total Non-Tariff Revenue

Other Operating Revenue

Total Operating Revenue

Deferred Revenue

Deferred Revenue Tariff

Deferred Revenue Non-Tariff

Total Deferred Revenue

million from amounts that were included in Deferred Revenue Tariff at the beginning of the year and revenue
 of million from amounts that were included in Deferred Revenue Non-Tariff at the beginning of the year.

43

Table of Contents 

year to years, some of which include
 options to automatically extend the leases for up to years and are included as part of the lease liability and right of use assets as we
 expect to exercise the options. Payments made under operating leases are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease. The annual lease payments for the land operating leases increase
 each year either by the most recent increase in the Consumer Price Index or by , as applicable based on the lease agreements. Periodically,
 the annual lease payment for one operating land lease is determined based on the fair market value of the applicable parcel of land. None of the operating leases contain contingent rent provisions. The commencement date of all the operating leases is
 the earlier of the date we become legally obligated to make rent payments or the date we may exercise control over the use of the land or equipment. The Company currently does not have any financing leases and does not have any lessor leases that
 require disclosure.

-year
 operating lease for a parcel of land with improvements located in South Bethany, a municipality in Sussex County, Delaware. The annual lease payments increase each year by the most recent increase in the Consumer Price Index for Urban Workers, CPI-U,
 as published by the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics. At each eleven th year of the lease term, the annual lease payment
 shall be determined based on the fair market value of the parcel of land. Rental payments for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , , and , respectively. The future minimum rental payment as disclosed in the following table is calculated using CPI-U from August 2022 as well as the adjustment for an appraisal conducted in
 2019 to determine the fair market value of the parcel of land.

-year
 operating lease for office equipment that expired in March 2022. The quarterly lease payments remained fixed throughout the term of the lease. Payments pursuant to the lease agreement for 2022 and 2021 were and respectively. We entered into an operating lease for office equipment
 that will commence at a future date when the equipment is received.

Contingent rentals

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:

Operating leases

44

Table of Contents 

Other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term

Operating leases

years

years

Weighted Average Discount Rate

Operating leases

45

Table of Contents 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter

Total undiscounted lease payments

Less effects of discounting

Total lease liabilities recognized

46

Table of Contents 

Estimated fair value

million. Most of these net operating loss carry-forwards will expire if unused
 between 2023 and 2043 . The Company has recorded a valuation allowance to reflect the estimated amount of deferred
 tax assets that may not be realized due to the expiration of the state net operating loss carry-forwards. The valuation allowance increased to approximately 
 in 2022 from approximately 
 in 2021. Management believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefit of these deferred tax assets, net of
 the valuation allowance.

Deferred

Total state income tax expense

Deferred

Total federal income tax expense

Amount computed at statutory rate

Reconciling items

State income tax-net of federal tax benefit

Regulatory liability adjustment

Other

Total income tax expense and effective rate

47

Table of Contents 

Less: valuation allowance

Bad debt allowance

Stock options

Other

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities related to:

Property plant and equipment basis differences

Bond retirement costs

Property taxes

Other

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets

48

Table of Contents 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Additions based on tax positions related to prior years

Reductions for tax positions of prior years

Lapses in statutes of limitations

Balance at end of year

preferred stock outstanding. Artesian Resources has shares of par value Series Preferred stock authorized but unissued. 

, and shares at fair market value for the investment of ,000, ,000 and ,000 of their monies in the years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

million line of credit with Citizens Bank, or Citizens, which is available to all subsidiaries of Artesian
 Resources. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of available funds under this line of credit. The previous
 interest rate for borrowings under this line was the London Interbank Offered Rate, or , plus . It is
 expected that the LIBOR rate for USD currency will be discontinued after June 30, 2023. As a result, effective May 20, 2022, this line of credit agreement was
 amended to replace LIBOR with the Daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or . The interest rate is a 
 SOFR plus basis points, or Term SOFR, plus an
 applicable margin of . Term SOFR cannot be less than
 . This is a demand line of credit and therefore the
 financial institution may demand payment for any outstanding amounts at any time. The term of this line of credit expires on the earlier of or any date on which Citizens demands payment. The Company expects to renew this line of credit. 

million line of credit with CoBank, ACB, or CoBank, that allows for the financing of operations for Artesian
 Water, with up to million of this line available for
 the operations of Artesian Water Maryland. As of December 31, 2022 , there was million of available funds
 under this line of credit. The previous interest rate for borrowings under this line allowed the Company to select either plus or a weekly variable rate established by CoBank; the Company historically used the weekly variable interest
 rate. In October 2022, this line of credit was amended to replace the previous interest rate options with a daily SOFR rate plus option or a term SOFR rate plus option that is locked in for either one or . The
 term of this line of credit expires on .
 Artesian Water expects to renew this line of credit. 

million principal amount First Mortgage Bond, Series W, or the Bond, due , or the Maturity Date. The Bond was issued pursuant to Artesian Water s Indenture of Mortgage dated as of July 1, 1961, as amended and
 supplemented by supplemental indentures, including the Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2022, or the Supplemental Indenture, from Artesian Water to Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee. The Supplemental Indenture is a first
 mortgage lien against substantially all of Artesian Water s utility plant. The proceeds from the sale of the Bond were used to pay down outstanding lines of credit of the Company and a loan payable to Artesian Resources, with any additional proceeds
 used to fund capital investments in Artesian Water. The Delaware Public Service Commission approved the issuance of the Bond on April 20, 2022. The Bond carries an annual interest rate of through but excluding the Maturity Date. Interest is payable on June 30th, September 30th, December 30th and March 30th in each year and on the Maturity Date, beginning June 30, 2022,
 until Artesian Water s obligation with respect to the payment of principal, premium (if any) and interest shall be discharged. Overdue payments shall bear interest as provided in the Supplemental Indenture. The term of the Bond also includes certain
 limitations on Artesian Water s indebtedness.

49

Table of Contents 

Financing Agreements, or the Financing Agreements, with the Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund (the Fund ), acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health 
 Social Services, Division of Public Health, a public agency of the state of Delaware, or the Department. The Department makes loans to, and acquires obligations of, eligible persons in Delaware to finance the costs of drinking water facilities in
 accordance with the Federal Safe Drinking Water Act using funds from the Fund. Under the Financing Agreements, the Department has agreed to advance to Artesian Water up to ,000, ,000 and ,000 (collectively, the Loans from the Fund to finance all or a portion of the costs to replace specific water transmission mains in service areas located in New Castle County,
 Delaware (collectively, the Projects ). In accordance with the Financing Agreements, Artesian Water will from time to time request funds under the Loans as it incurs costs in connection with the Projects. In connection with the Financing
 Agreements, Artesian Water issued to the Department General Obligation Notes dated as of August 12, 2022, or the Notes. Under the Notes,
 borrowings under the Financing Agreements bear interest at a rate of per annum and are further subject to an administrative fee at a rate
 of per annum (collectively, interest and the administrative fee are referred to herein as Fee ). The Fee shall be paid semiannually on
 each February 1 and August 1, beginning on February 1, 2023. The Notes will mature on . As of December 31, 2022, approximately million was borrowed
 under the Loans.

Financing Agreements, or the Financing Agreements, with the Fund, acting by and through the Department. Under the Financing Agreements, the Department has agreed to advance to or to
 reimburse Artesian Water up to , 
 and (collectively, the Loans from the Fund to finance all or a portion of the costs to replace specific water transmission mains
 in service areas located in New Castle County, Delaware (collectively, the Projects ). In accordance with the Financing Agreements, Artesian Water will from time to time request funds under the Loans as it incurs costs in connection with the
 Projects. In connection with the Financing Agreements, Artesian Water issued to the Department three General Obligation Notes dated as of December 9, 2022, or the Notes. Under the Notes, borrowings under the Financing Agreements bear interest at a
 rate of per annum and are further subject to an administrative fee at a rate of per annum (collectively, interest and the administrative fee are referred to herein as Fee ). The Fee shall be paid semiannually on each June 1 and December 1, beginning on June 1,
 2023. Two notes will mature on and one will mature on . As of December 31, 2022, approximately million was requested under the Loans, and funds received in January 2023.

million line of credit, the First Mortgage Bonds and the promissory note are
 with CoBank. The patronage refunds earned by Artesian in 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. In 2022, CoBank issued a one-time additional all-cash patronage distribution of ,
 or , of the average line of credit and loan volume outstanding in the prior year, which was in addition to the standard patronage rate. In 2021, CoBank issued a
 one-time additional all-cash patronage distribution of , or , of the average line of credit and loan volume outstanding in the prior year, which was in addition to the standard patronage rate.

for the year ended December 31, 2022. These lines of credit, as well as the
 long-term debt obligations shown below, require us to abide by certain financial covenants and ratios. As of December 31, 2022, we were in
 compliance with these financial covenants.

,
 due 

Series S, ,
 due 

Series T, ,
 due 

Series U, ,
 due 

Series V, ,
 due 

Series W, , due 

State revolving fund loans

,
 due 

,
 due 

,
 due 

,
 due 

,
 due 

,
 due 

,
 due 

, due 

, due 

, due 

Notes Payable

Promissory Note, ,
 due 

Asset Purchase, , due 

Sub-total

Less: current maturities (principal amount)

Total long-term debt

50

Table of Contents 

State revolving fund loans

Asset Purchase-Contractual Obligation

Promissory note

Total payments

directors, each of whom is a non-employee director of the Company. All of the employees of the
 Company and its subsidiaries are eligible for grants under the 2015 Plan. Non-employee directors of the Company are also eligible to receive grants under the 2015 Plan.

51

Table of Contents 

Granted

Exercised

)

)

)

Expired

Outstanding at end of year

Options exercisable at year end

52

Table of Contents 

, and , respectively. During 2022, we
 received in cash from the exercise of options, with a tax benefit realized for those options.

Years

unrecognized expense related to non-vested option shares granted under the 2015 Plan. 

Granted

Vested/Released

Cancelled

Unvested Outstanding at end of year

shares of Class A Common
 Stock, or Class A Stock, were granted as restricted stock awards. The fair value per share was , the closing price of the Class A Stock as
 recorded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 3, 2022. Prior to their release date, these restricted stock awards may be subject to forfeiture in the event of the recipient s termination of service.

shares of Class A Stock
 were granted as restricted stock awards. The fair value per share was , the closing price of the Class A Stock as recorded on the Nasdaq
 Global Select Market on May 4, 2021. Prior to their release date, these restricted stock awards may be subject to forfeiture in the event of the recipient s termination of service.

shares of Class A Stock
 were granted as restricted stock awards. The fair value per share was , the closing price of the Class A Stock as recorded on the Nasdaq
 Global Select Market on May 6, 2020. These shares vested and were released after the grant date.

of total unrecognized expense related to non-vested awards of restricted shares awarded under the 2015 Plan. The cost will be recognized over years, the remaining vesting period for the restricted stock awards.

.

53

Table of Contents 

of eligible salaries and wages and matched employee contributions up to of gross pay at a rate of . Artesian Resources may, at its option, make additional contributions of up to of eligible salaries and wages. No such additional contributions were made in 2022 , 2021 or 2020 . The 401(k) Plan also provides additional retirement benefits to full-time employees hired prior to April 26, 1994, allowing them to save for future retiree medical costs that
 will be paid by employees by providing additional cash resources to those employees upon a termination of employment or retirement to meet the cost of future medical expenses. These eligible employees receive an additional contribution of of eligible salaries and wages. The 401(k) Plan expenses, which include
 Company contributions and administrative fees, for the years 2022 , 2021 and 2020 , were approximately million, million and million, respectively.

year easement agreement to acquire an easement to access, operate, maintain, repair, improve, replace and connect Artesian s water system to a well, including a parcel of land around the well. Management made certain estimates and assumptions regarding
 the separation of lease and nonlease components related to this easement agreement. It was determined that the majority of this easement agreement contains non-lease components. Easement payments for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively.

acres of land in Sussex County, Delaware for wastewater disposal. Beginning November 2016, Artesian Wastewater was required
 to pay a minimum of per year for the use of this land. Once operations began in 2021, the monthly fee is based on the volume of
 wastewater disposed on the properties charged at a rate per one thousand gallons of wastewater, providing for a minimum monthly payment. Payments for 2022,
 2021 and 2020 were , , , respectively. The agreement can be terminated by giving day notice prior to the termination date.

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 through 2043 

54

Table of Contents 

water service interconnection agreements with a neighboring utility, Chester Water Authority. 
 agreement, that expired on December 31, 2021, had a take or pay clause requiring us to purchase million gallons per day. The other
 agreement is effective from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2026, includes automatic renewal terms, unless terminated by either
 party, and has a take or pay clause which required us to purchase water on a step down schedule through July 5, 2022, and now requires us to purchase a minimum of million gallons per day. Rates charged under this agreement are subject to change.

interconnection agreement with the Town of North East that has a take or pay clause requiring us
 to purchase a minimum of gallons per day. The
 agreement extends through June 2024. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

55

Table of Contents 

million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

million. In April 2021, Artesian Water entered into a -year agreement with Worldwide Industries Corporation effective July 1, 2021 to paint elevated water storage tanks. Pursuant to the agreement, the total expenditure for the is million. In September 2022, this agreement was amended to paint an additional elevated water storage tank and to extend the term of the agreement for an additional year. Pursuant
 to the amended agreement, the total expenditure for the is million. Tank painting expense for 2022 , 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

counties of Delaware and in portions of Maryland and Pennsylvania, pursuant to rates filed with and approved by the
 DEPSC, the MDPSC and the PAPUC. As of December 31, 2022, Artesian Water was serving approximately customers, Artesian Water Maryland was serving approximately 
 customers and Artesian Water Pennsylvania was serving approximately customers.

customers combined including 
 large industrial customer. 

56

Table of Contents 

upon implementation of a temporary increase in base rates charged to customers. The first temporary increase may be up to the lesser of million on an annual basis or of gross water sales. Should the rate case not be completed within , by law, the utility may put the entire requested rate relief, up to of gross water sales, in effect under bond until a final resolution is ordered and placed into effect. If any such rates are found to be in excess of rates the DEPSC finds to be
 appropriate, the utility must refund customers the portion found to be in excess with interest. The timing of our rate increase requests is therefore dependent upon the estimated cost of the administrative process in relation to the investments and
 expenses that we hope to recover through the rate increase. We can provide no assurances that rate increase requests will be approved by applicable regulatory agencies and, if approved, we cannot guarantee that these rate increases will be granted
 in a timely or sufficient manner to cover the investments and expenses for which we initially sought the rate increase. 

of the amount billed to
 customers under otherwise applicable rates and charges, and the DSIC rate increase applied cannot exceed within an y 12-month period. 

Net Eligible Plant Improvements Cumulative Dollars (in millions)

Eligible Plant Improvements Installed Beginning Date

10/01/2014

10/01/2014

10/01/2014

Eligible Plant Improvements Installed Ending Date

04/30/2019

04/30/2019

04/30/2019

million, million and million in DSIC revenue, respectively. 

57

Table of Contents 

Dilutive effect of employee stock options

Weighted average common shares outstanding during the period for Diluted computation

shares of restricted stock awards were excluded from the calculations of
 diluted net income per share. Due to unrecognized compensation costs, the hypothetical repurchase of shares exceeded the number of restricted shares expected to vest during the period, creating an anti-dilutive effect. For the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, stock options were excluded
 from the calculations of diluted net income per share. 

authorized shares of
 Class A Stock, and authorized shares of Class B Stock. As of December 31, 2022, shares of Class A Stock and shares of Class B Stock were issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, shares of Class A Stock and shares of Class B Stock were issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2020, shares of Class A Stock and shares of Class B Stock were issued and outstanding. The par value for both classes is per share. 

, , and at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. These amounts were computed by dividing common stockholders equity by the number of weighted average shares of common
 stock outstanding on December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively.

and was paid to MNAT during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, for legal and director related services.

of any class of the Company s voting securities or any other related person that would potentially
 require disclosure. In its review and approval of the related party transactions with MNAT, the Audit Committee considered the nature of the related person s interest in the transactions; the satisfactory performance of work contracted with
 the related party prior to the election of Mr. Houghton as a director; and the material terms of the transactions, including, without limitation, the amount and type of transactions, the importance of the transactions to the related person, the
 importance of the transactions to the Company and whether the transactions would impair the judgment of a director or officer to act in the best interest of the Company. The
 Audit Committee approves only those related person transactions that are in, or are consistent with, the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 

58

Table of Contents 

million in cash and other consideration, including forgiveness of a million
 note due from Middlesex, consisting of million paid at closing. This acquisition more than doubled the number of wastewater customers served by Artesian in Sussex County, Delaware. The acquisition is being accounted for as a business combination under ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. 
 The purchase price allocation is primarily attributed to intangible assets and utility plant assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective estimated fair values. The acquisition method of accounting requires, among other things,
 that assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in a business purchase combination be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The Company utilized a third-party valuation firm to assist with the fair value of the assets acquired.
 The fair value determination is now finalized. A combination of methods were used to determine the reasonableness of the purchase price: the cost approach and the comparative sales (market) approach. Given the majority of the net assets acquired
 were tangible utility plant assets and related contributions in aid of construction, the Company primarily utilized the cost approach to record the fair value of the assets as well as some of the assumed liabilities. This approach values the
 underlying assets to derive market value based on the estimated replacement cost, adjusted for depreciation. Real property was valued using the comparative sales approach. Goodwill was recognized primarily as a result of expected synergies of
 operations and interconnections to our existing utility plant infrastructure. Any goodwill as a result of the transaction is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

million for the year ended December 31, 2022, in its consolidated statement of operations related to the acquisition. The pro forma revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 is
 estimated to be million. The Company anticipates the pro forma effects of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 to be
 approximately the same given there has not been any changes in the rates. The pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the Company s future results. Any pro forma effects of earnings is not practicable, as we continue to integrate
 TESI operations and adjust the operating cost structure as it relates to operating expenses reflective of synergies of the combined operations, and therefore would not present an accurate comparison.

Cash

Goodwill

Other assets

Total assets

Less: Liabilities and contributions in aid of construction (CIAC)

Liabilities

CIAC

Net cash purchase price

million, less the current payoff amount of secured debt or debt associated with the Clayton Water
 System. At closing, Artesian Water paid approximately 
 million of the total purchase price. The remaining 
 million is payable in equal annual installments on
 the anniversary date of the closing date. Each annual installment is payable with interest at an annual rate of . The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under ASC Topic 805 . The
 purchase price allocation is million of utility plant assets offset by million of CIAC. The Company utilized similar valuation methodologies to those described above.

million related to customers acquired. 

59

Table of Contents 

million. Approximately million was paid
 in August 2022, and the remaining million will be payable in equal installments annually on the anniversary date of the Court s approval of the Consent Decree. In addition, the Trust shall reimburse Artesian Water for documented reasonable and
 necessary capital and operating costs after July 1, 2021 that Artesian Water incurs to treat Site-related COC s. As of December 31, 2022, Artesian Water received approximately million of reimbursements from the Trust. Any reimbursements Artesian Water receives from the Trust shall be subject to final determination by the DEPSC as to the appropriate regulatory
 rate-making treatment. Artesian Water received approval from the DEPSC in October 2022 to refund the reimbursements for past capital and operating costs to its customers. The refund for the reimbursements will be applied to current and future
 customer bills in annual installments. The first refund occurred in October 2022, and future customer refunds occurring no later than August of each year from 2023 through 2025. The amount of the credit is calculated by dividing the amount of the
 reimbursement by the number of eligible customers. Artesian Water will record 2022 and future recovery of capital expenditures as Contributions in Aid of Construction and will record expense recovery as an offset to operations and maintenance expense,
 with the intention that those recoveries will then be available for inclusion and consideration in any future rate applications. The Trust s reimbursement of such costs shall end if and when, based upon testing information from the Trust s Remedy
 facilities and Artesian Water s facilities, treatment of Site-related COC s is no longer necessary for Artesian Water to meet the treatment levels that Artesian Water chooses to not exceed in water it distributes to the general public throughout its
 service territory to provide a margin of safety in complying with applicable drinking water standards. 

reportable segment, the Regulated Utility segment. The Regulated Utility segment is the largest component of the Company s business and includes an
 aggregation of our regulated utility subsidiaries that are in the business of providing regulated water and wastewater services on the
 Delmarva Peninsula. Our regulated water utility services include treating, distributing, and selling water to residential, commercial, industrial, governmental, municipal and utility customers throughout the State of Delaware and in Cecil County,
 Maryland and to a residential community in Chester County, Pennsylvania. Our regulated wastewater utility services include the treatment and disposal of wastewater for customers in Sussex County, Delaware. The Company is subject to regulations as to its rates, services, and other matters by the states of Delaware, Maryland and Pennsylvania with respect to utility service within these states. 

non-utility business, calculated on the
 lower of cost or market method, which are eliminated to reconcile to the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Regulated Utility segment also allocates certain corporate costs to the non-utility businesses. The measurement of depreciation,
 interest, and capital expenditures are predominately related to our Regulated Utility segment. These amounts in our non-utility business are negligible and account for approximately less than 1 of consolidated amounts as of December 31, 2022,
 December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020.

Other (non-utility)

Inter-segment elimination

Consolidated Revenues

Operating Income:

Regulated Utility

Other (non-utility)

Consolidated Operating Income

Income Taxes:

Regulated Utility

Other (non-utility)

Consolidated Income Taxes

Assets:

Regulated Utility

Other (non-utility)

Consolidated Assets

60

Table of Contents 

61

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Stockholders and Board of Directors

Artesian Resources Corporation

Newark, Delaware

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Artesian Resources Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
 consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders equity, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In
 our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
 period ended December 31, 2022 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
 consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
 with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
 reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
 Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or
 fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
 judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on
 the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Valuation of Tangible Assets in TESI Acquisition

As described in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired all of the stock of TESI from Middlesex Water Company on January 14,
 2022. Management allocated the total purchase price of 3.1 million to the net identifiable assets, based on estimated fair values. Management allocated 25.4 m illion to
 utility plant assets, the majority of which were tangible assets valued using the cost method with assistance from a third-party valuation firm. 

We identified the valuation of the utility plant tangible assets in the TESI acquisition as a critical audit matter. Management s determination of fair value
 of the utility plant tangible assets acquired using the cost method required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the useful lives and replacement costs of these tangible assets. Auditing these elements was complex
 because it involved especially subjective auditor judgment, including the extent of specialized skills and knowledge needed.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skills in valuation who assisted in evaluating the appropriateness of useful lives and cost
 trend assumptions used in estimating replacement costs by comparing them to published third-party sources.

Assessing the appropriateness of useful lives used in estimating replacement costs by comparing to peer company data.

Valuation of Tangible Assets in the Town of Clayton Acquisition

Additionally, as described in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired substantially all the water system operating assets from
 the Town of Clayton (Clayton) on May 26, 2022. Management allocated the total purchase price of 5.0 million to the net identifiable assets, based on estimated fair values. Management allocated 7.9 million to utility plant assets, the majority of
 which were tangible assets valued using the cost method with assistance from a third-party valuation firm.

We identified the valuation of the utility plant tangible assets in the Clayton acquisition as a critical audit matter. Management s determination of fair
 value of the utility plant tangible assets acquired using the cost method required management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to useful lives, replacement costs, and physical characteristics of these tangible assets. Auditing
 these elements was complex because it involved especially subjective auditor judgment, including the extent of specialized skills and knowledge needed.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skills in valuation who assisted in evaluating the appropriateness of useful lives, cost trend
 assumptions, and certain physical characteristics of the utility plant tangible assets used in estimating replacement costs by comparing them to third party sources, and independently recalculating the replacement costs.

Assessing the appropriateness of:

o

The useful lives used in estimating replacement costs by comparing to peer company data,

o

Certain physical characteristics of the utility plant tangible assets by comparing them to independent external data, and

o

The replacement costs of certain utility plant tangible assets by comparing to recent actual costs or construction quotes for similar utility plant
 tangible assets.

/ s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005.

March 10, 2023

62

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
 ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
 operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were effective in providing reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as
 appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In addition, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were
 effective to achieve the foregoing objectives. A control system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the control system are met and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
 instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.

(b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The Management of Artesian Resources Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over its financial
 reporting. Artesian Resources Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

Artesian Resources Corporation s Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022
 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, Management determined that at December 31, 2022, the
 Corporation s internal control over financial reporting was effective.

(c) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 10, 2023

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER:

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER:

/s/ DIAN C. TAYLOR

/s/ DAVID B. SPACHT

Dian C. Taylor

David B. Spacht

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

63

Table of Contents 

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE

Name

Age

Position

Dian C. Taylor

77

Biography: Director since 1991 - Chair of the
 Board since July 1993, and Chief Executive Officer of Artesian Resources Corporation and its subsidiaries since September 1992. Ms. Taylor has been employed by the Company since August 1991. She was formerly a consultant to the Small Business
 Development Center at the University of Delaware from February 1991 to August 1991 and Owner and President of Achievement Resources Inc. from 1977 to 1991. Achievement Resources, Inc. specialized in strategic planning, marketing,
 entrepreneurial and human resources development consulting. Ms. Taylor was a marketing director for SMI, Inc. from 1982 to 1985. Ms. Taylor is the aunt of John R. Eisenbrey, Jr. and Nicholle R. Taylor. She serves on the Budget and Finance
 Committee.

Qualifications : Ms. Dian Taylor has over 30 years of experience as Chief Executive Officer and President of the
 Company, during which the Company has continuously expanded its service area. Ms. Taylor has extensive knowledge of the complex issues facing smaller companies and prior strategic planning expertise. Ms. Taylor has served as President of the
 National Association of Water Companies, a trade organization of the investor-owned water utility industry. Ms. Taylor also has served on the Delaware Economic and Financial Advisory Council, on the Board of Governors of the Delaware State
 Chamber of Commerce, on the Executive Committee of the Delaware Business Round Table, the American Heart Association, the Committee of 100 and the Delaware Council on Economic Education, as a Regional Advisory Board Member for Citizens Bank, a
 Trustee of the Delaware Grand Opera and the Christiana Care Hospital and as a Commissioner for the Delaware River and Bay Authority. The Board views Ms. Taylor s experience with various aspects of the utility industry and her demonstrated
 leadership roles in business and community activities as important qualifications, skills, and experiences for the Board of Directors conclusion that Ms. Taylor should serve as a director of the Company.

Kenneth R. Biederman Ph. D.

79

Biography: Director since 1991 - Currently
 retired and former Professor of Finance at the Lerner College of Business and Economics of the University of Delaware, from May 1996 to May 2011. Interim Dean of the College of Business and Economics of the University of Delaware from February
 1999 to June 2000. Dean of the College of Business and Economics of the University of Delaware from 1990 to 1996. Former Director of the Mid-Atlantic Farm Credit Association from 2006 to 2010. Director of Chase Manhattan Bank USA from 1993
 to 1996. Formerly a financial and banking consultant from 1989 to 1990 and President of Gibraltar Bank from 1987 to 1989. Previously Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of West Chester Savings Bank; Economist and former
 Treasurer of the State of New Jersey and Staff Economist for the United States Senate Budget Committee. He serves on the Executive; Audit; Budget and Finance; Governance and Nominating; and Compensation Committees. 

Qualifications : Dr. Biederman s experience as a former State Treasurer of New Jersey and the former Dean of the
 Lerner College of Business and Economics at the University of Delaware gives him a substantial amount of business, economic and financial reporting knowledge.

64

Table of Contents 

John R. Eisenbrey, Jr.

67

Biography: Director since 1993 Small
 Business Executive. For more than 40 years, Owner and President of Bear Industries, Inc., a contracting firm providing building fire sprinkler protection installations for businesses throughout the Delmarva Peninsula. In 2021, Mr. Eisenbrey
 was appointed to the Board of Trustees of St. Andrews School. Mr. Eisenbrey is the nephew of Dian C. Taylor and the cousin of Nicholle R. Taylor. He serves on the Audit; Budget and Finance; Governance and Nominating; and Compensation
 Committees.

Qualifications: The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Eisenbrey s hands-on experience as a business owner in one of our primary geographic
 regions qualifies him to be a member of the Board. For more than 40 years, Mr. Eisenbrey has been the Owner and President of a privately held contracting firm providing fire sprinkler protection installations for businesses throughout the
 Delmarva Peninsula. Mr. Eisenbrey is a past President of the Delaware Contractors Association. Mr. Eisenbrey s operating business background provides experience with operational, technical, and regulatory matters also applicable to our water
 business. 

Michael Houghton, Esq.

66

Biography: Director appointed September 2018 Mr. Houghton retired as of January 1, 2022 as Partner in the law firm of Morris Nichols Arsht Tunnell in Wilmington, Delaware and now serves as
 Senior Counsel to that firm, as an independent contractor. He was admitted to practice law in Delaware in 1982, before the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware in 1983 and before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in
 1985. He served a clerkship with the Delaware Court of Chancery in 1982-1983. Mr. Houghton s legal expertise involves the representation of governmental entities, such as the Delaware River Bay Authority. He has also represented banks,
 trust companies, insurance companies and public utilities in commercial transactions and before regulatory authorities and state, county, and local governments and in legislative and public policy matters before Delaware government. Mr.
 Houghton has also advised numerous entities, including Fortune 500 companies, on unclaimed property issues and has represented numerous companies in connection with unclaimed property audits and voluntary disclosure matters. He was selected
 for inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America from 2009-2022. Mr. Houghton is a member of the Board of Governors of the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce and the Boards of the Delaware Public Policy Institute, the Rockefeller Trust Company of
 Delaware, and is a member of the Delaware Heritage Commission. He is a past member of the Pete du Pont Freedom Foundation, the Board of the Delaware Bar Foundation, a Trustee of the Uniform Law Foundation, a Past President of the Delaware State
 Bar Association and a Past President the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws. He was appointed in 2017 by Delaware Governor John Carney to serve as Chair of the Delaware Economic and Financial Advisory Council.

Qualifications : Mr. Houghton s legal and regulatory experience and extensive involvement in Delaware legislative and
 public policy matters are attributes that provide valuable insight and benefit as the Company continues its growth in Delaware. The Board has determined that Mr. Houghton s more than 40 years of experience makes him well qualified to serve on
 the Board.

Nicholle R. Taylor

55

Biography: Director since 2007 Senior Vice President of Artesian Resources Corporation and its subsidiaries since May 9, 2012 and President of Artesian Water Company since August 16, 2021.
 Previously served as Chief Operating Officer of Artesian Water Company from August 2019 to August 2021. She was Vice President of Artesian Resources Corporation and its subsidiaries from May 2004 to May 2012. Ms. Taylor has been employed by
 the Company since 1991 and has held various management level and operational positions within the Company. She serves on the Budget and Finance Committee. Ms. Taylor is the niece of Dian C. Taylor and the cousin of John R. Eisenbrey, Jr. 

Qualifications : Ms. Nicholle Taylor has over thirty years of experience with the Company in a variety of field,
 office, managerial and executive positions. The Board of Directors has determined that the range of her experience across various company functions gives her a clear perception of how the Company operates, thus enhancing the Board s ability to
 know the Company s current capabilities and limitations, and qualifies her to serve as a director. Ms. Taylor serves on the Board of Directors of the National Association of Water Companies, a trade organization of the investor-owned water
 utility industry. Ms. Taylor also currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Committee of 100, which is a business organization that promotes responsible economic development in the state of Delaware. In 2019, Ms. Taylor was appointed
 to the Board of Directors of the Delaware Nature Society, a non- profit organization dedicated to connecting people with the natural world to improve the environment through education, advocacy, and conservation.

Pierre A. Anderson

44

Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President of Artesian Resources Corporation and its subsidiaries since May 19, 2021. Mr. Anderson
 previously served as Vice President of Information Technologies of Artesian Resources Corporation and its subsidiaries from May 2012 to May 2021, Director of Information Technologies from April 2008 to May 2012, and Manager of Information
 Technologies from December 2006 to April 2008. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Anderson was employed by the Christina School District as Manager, Project Support Services. From 2000 to 2005, while with MBNA (now Bank of America), he
 served in several information technology roles. He received his Bachelors of Science degree in Computer Science from Delaware State University and both an MBA and Masters of Science in Information Systems Technology Management from the
 University of Delaware s Lerner College of Business Economics.

Mr. Anderson serves on the Boards of Easterseals of Delaware Maryland s Eastern Shore (Treasurer), Delaware State Chamber of Commerce,
 University of Delaware s Lerner College Alumni, Bancroft Construction Company, and by gubernatorial appointment to the Delaware Economic Forecasting Advisory Council (DEFAC).

Joseph A. DiNunzio, CPA, CGMA

60

Executive Vice President and Secretary of Artesian Resources Corporation and Subsidiaries since May 2007 and President of Artesian Water Maryland,
 Inc. since May 2017. Mr. DiNunzio previously served as Senior Vice President and Secretary since March 2000 and as Vice President and Secretary since January 1995. He served as Secretary of Artesian Resources Corporation and Subsidiaries from
 July 1992 to January 1995. Prior to joining Artesian in 1989, Mr. DiNunzio was employed by PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP. He earned a B.S. in Commerce, with concentration in accounting, from the McIntire School of Commerce at the University of
 Virginia.

Mr. DiNunzio is Past Chairman of the Board of the Cecil County Chamber of Commerce and served on the Board of the Cecil Business Leaders from June
 2013 to January 2023. He is Past Chairman of the Delaware Chapter of the National Association of Water Companies. Mr. DiNunzio is a member of the Cecil County Maryland Economic Development Commission, the Delaware Source Water Assessment and
 Protection Program s Citizens and Technical Advisory Committee, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and was a member of the 2003 Delaware Legislative Drinking Water
 Task Force.

Jennifer L. Finch, CPA

54

Senior Vice President of Finance Corporate Treasurer of Artesian Resources Corporation Subsidiaries since November 2020. Prior to that,
 Ms. Finch was the Assistant Treasurer and Vice President of Finance from February 2010 to October 2020. Ms. Finch is responsible for the oversight of all aspects of accounting and tax related matters, corporate financing, and serves as the
 principal accounting officer. 

 Prior to joining Artesian in 2008, Ms. Finch held various accounting positions for Handler Corporation, a homebuilder and developer located in
 Wilmington, Delaware, where she worked for 14 years. She also worked 4 years for a local certified public accounting firm and has more than 30 years of accounting, auditing, and tax experience. Ms. Finch is a member of the American Institute
 of Certified Public Accountants and the Delaware Society of Certified Public Accountants.

David B. Spacht

63

Chief Financial Officer of Artesian Resources Corporation and Subsidiaries since January 1995 and President of Artesian Wastewater Management, Inc.
 since August 2019. Mr. Spacht joined the Company in 1980 and has held various executive and management level positions. Mr. Spacht has worked closely with the Public Service Commission for over 40 years on developing rates and regulations in
 Delaware. He has also worked closely with the Maryland Public Service Commission developing rates and regulations as a result of filing for acquisitions. He was selected by the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners
 Subcommittee on Water as an instructor for their semi-annual course on rate making. 

Mr. Spacht is a member of several national and local organizations, including the National Association of Water Companies, having served on their
 Finance Committee for 32 years, and most recently in 2015 joining the Rate and Regulatory Committee; the American Water Works Association; the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners; the International Organization of
 Management Accountants; and Special Olympics Delaware.

John M. Thaeder

64

Senior Vice President of Operations. Mr. Thaeder has served as an officer since February 1998. He currently serves as an officer of Artesian
 Resources Corporation and Subsidiaries. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Thaeder was with Hydro Group, Inc. from 1996 to 1998 as Southeastern District Manager of Sales and Operations from Maryland to Florida. During 1995 and 1996, he was
 Sales Manager of the Northeast Division with sales responsibilities from Maine to Florida. Previously, he served as District Manager of the Layne Well and Pump Division of Hydro Group.

Raymond T. Kelly,

 CPA, CISA

38

Vice President of Information Technology for Artesian Resources Corporation and Subsidiaries since November 4, 2022. Mr. Kelly joined Artesian in
 2013 as Manager of Business Applications and was promoted to the Director of Information Technology in 2016. Prior to joining Artesian he served as a Manager for PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he progressively advanced from an Associate; leading
 information technology audits, financial audits of publicly traded institutions, and utility meter to cash system engagements. During his time at Artesian, Mr. Kelly, who is responsible for all Information Technology functions, has directly led
 and overseen all enhancements to the technology portfolio including; enterprise applications, infrastructure, business process automation, analytics, and cybersecurity.

Mr. Kelly earned both a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Business and a Bachelor of Science in Business and Economics from Lehigh
 University. He is a Certified Public Account, a Certified Information Systems Auditor, and a Chartered Global Management Accountant. He serves on the Program Committee of the Boys Girls Club of Delaware and is a member of the American
 Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Daniel W. Konstanski

38

Vice President of Engineering for Artesian Resources Corporation and Subsidiaries since November 4, 2022. Mr. Konstanski is a Board Certified,
 Professional Engineer with 18 years of experience in the water and wastewater industry. He joined Artesian in March of 2014 as a Senior Engineer, was appointed Manager of Engineering in 2019 and was named Vice President of Engineering in
 October of 2022. Mr. Konstanski is responsible for managing and overseeing the Engineering Department s operation and staff as well as directly managing capital projects. His team includes engineers, project managers and subject matter experts
 who shepherd, analyze, and manage Artesian s extensive water and wastewater assets including treatment, pipeline hydraulics, system modeling, pumped networks and regulatory matters. During his time at Artesian Mr. Konstanski has managed the
 permitting, design and construction of multiple new water and wastewater treatment plants as well as renovations of numerous existing facilities, overseen the development of state-of-the-art digital models for both the water and wastewater
 systems, led efforts to increase self-sufficiency by hundreds of millions of gallons per year and provided input on Artesian s purchase of multiple additional water and wastewater systems.

Courtney A. Emerson, Esq.

39

General Counsel of Artesian Resources Corporation and Subsidiaries since August 2021 and Assistant Secretary of Artesian Resources Corporation and
 Subsidiaries since November 2022. Prior to joining Artesian in 2021, Ms. Emerson practiced law at Fox Rothschild LLP from September 2015 to August 2021. She previously served as an emergency manager for the State of Delaware for nearly a
 decade and was an educator at a multinational bank. She earned her J.D. from the Delaware Law School of Widener University and her B.S. in Political Science from the University of Delaware.

Ms. Emerson has served as Vice Chair of the Environmental Section of the Delaware State Bar Association, as Vice Chair of the American Bar
 Association s Disaster Legal Services Team, and as Vice President of the University of Delaware Alumni Lawyers Society. She is a member of the General Counsel Section of the National Association of Water Companies, the Environmental Section
 of the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce, the American Bar Association, and the Committee of 100.

65

Table of Contents 

Corporate Governance

The executive officers are elected or approved by our Board, or the Board of our appropriate subsidiary, to serve until his or her successor is appointed or
 shall have been qualified or until earlier death, resignation or removal.

In accordance with the provisions of the Company s By-laws, the Board is divided into three classes. Members of each class serve for three years and one
 class is elected each year to serve a term until his or her successor shall have been elected and qualified or until earlier resignation or removal. Mr. John R. Eisenbrey, Jr. and Ms. Dian C. Taylor have been nominated for election to the Board of
 Directors at the Annual Meeting of stockholders to be held May 10, 2023.

The Board, which met ten times in 2022, has established four standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Budget and Finance
 Committee, and the Governance and Nominating Committee. Information with respect to the Audit, Compensation and Goverance and Nominating Committees is set forth below. In addition, the charter for each of the four standing committees of the Board is
 available on our website, www.artesianwater.com.

Dian C. Taylor, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, also serves as Chair of the Board. The Board, after considering the size of the Company and the
 composition of the Board, has determined that the combined structure is appropriate. The Board has determined that having one person serving as Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer ensures a unified leadership of the Board and management and
 provides potential efficiency in the execution of the strategies and visions of the Board and management. The Board believes that Ms. Taylor s experience and operational knowledge of the business enables her to effectively perform both roles. Given the
 limited number of Board members and the practice of open communication with the entire Board, the Company does not have a lead independent director. The Board meets as often as needed and at least twice a year in executive session without any
 management or non-independent directors present. The Board believes this is an appropriate structure for the Company which provides the appropriate independent oversight. In addition, the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee regularly consult
 with the Company s General Counsel to review the various types of risks that affect the Company and to consult on strategies to anticipate such risks. The Board believes this structure has been effective. The Board meets with management on a regular
 basis to review operational reports, financial updates, strategic development and other matters. Frequent meetings help to promote and ensure open communication with the management team. All Board members are engaged and remain actively involved in
 their oversight roles. The Board is responsible for oversight of the Company s risk management process. The senior management team is responsible for identifying risks, managing risks and reporting and communicating risks back to the Board.

Director Compensation 

In May 2022, each independent director received an annual retainer fee of 95,000, to be paid quarterly. Dian C. Taylor and Nicholle R. Taylor received
 annual retainer fees of 67,000, to be paid quarterly. Directors do not receive any additional meeting fees William Wyer is serving as Director Emeritus and receives 3,750 for each standing quarterly Board Meeting he attends.

In 2022, our directors, other than Dian C. Taylor and Nicholle R. Taylor, whose fees as director are included in the Summary Compensation Table, received the
 following compensation:

: : 

66

Table of Contents 

Director Compensation Table

Name

Fees Earned or

 Paid in

 Cash

 )

Stock

 Awards

 )(1)

All other Compensation

 )(2)

Total

 )

Kenneth R. Biederman

87,250

45,580

---

132,830

John R. Eisenbrey, Jr.

87,250

45,580

---

132,830

Michael Houghton

82,250

45,580

---

127,830

William C. Wyer (2)

27,250

N/A

---

27,250

(1)

On May 3, 2022, each director, received a restricted stock award of 1,000 shares of Class A Stock. The fair market value per
 share was 45.58, the closing price of the Class A Stock as recorded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on May 3, 2022. The restricted shares vest one year from the date of grant. There were no outstanding option shares outstanding for
 Independent Directors at December 31, 2022. The number of restricted shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 for each director is:

Option Shares Outstanding

 at December 31, 2022

Restricted Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2022

Kenneth R. Biederman

---

1,000

John R. Eisenbrey, Jr.

---

1,000

Michael Houghton

---

1,000

William C. Wyer

---

1,000

(2)

William Wyer concluded his last three-year term as Director on May 4, 2022. Upon his retirement from the Board, in light of his
 substantial contributions to the Company and the Board s interest in continuing to benefit from Mr. Wyer s experience, the Board appointed Mr. Wyer to the honorary role of Director Emeritus. As Director Emeritus, Mr. Wyer is invited to
 attend meetings of the Board, but is not considered a director of the Company and is not entitled to vote on any matter presented to the Board.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the members of our Compensation
 Committee were Kenneth R. Biederman, John R. Eisenbrey, Jr. and Michael Houghton. None of our executive officers serves as a director or as a member of the compensation committee, or any other committee serving an equivalent function, of any
 entity that has one or more of its executive officers serving as members of our Compensation Committee or as a director of our Board. No member of our Compensation Committee has ever been our employee.

Independence 

In 2022, the Board of Directors determined that Messrs. Biederman, Eisenbrey and Houghton, a majority of the Board of Directors, met the independence
 requirements prescribed by the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee reviews the procedures and policies relating to the internal accounting procedures and controls of the Company, and provides general
 oversight with respect to the accounting principles employed in the Company's financial reporting. As part of its activities, the Audit Committee meets with representatives of the Company's management and independent accountants. The Audit Committee
 has considered the extent and scope of non-audit services provided to the Company by its outside accountants and has determined that such services are compatible with maintaining the independence of the outside accountants. The Audit Committee appoints
 and retains the Company's independent accountants. The Audit Committee consists of Kenneth R. Biederman, John R. Eisenbrey, Jr. and Michael Houghton, three independent directors. The Board of Directors has also determined that each member of the Audit
 Committee meets the independence requirements prescribed by the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Board of Directors has further determined that Mr.
 Biederman, a member of the Audit Committee, is an "audit committee financial expert" as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. During 2022, the Audit Committee met four times.

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee reviews the compensation and benefits provided to key management employees, officers and directors and makes recommendations as
 appropriate to the Board. The Compensation Committee also determines whether and what amounts should be granted under the 2015 Equity Compensation Plan, or the 2015 Plan, and may make recommendations for amendments to the 2015 Plan. The Compensation
 Committee is comprised of Kenneth R. Biederman, John R. Eisenbrey, Jr. and Michael Houghton, three independent directors. The Board of Directors has also determined that each member of the Compensation Committee meets the independence requirements
 prescribed by the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. During 2022, the Compensation Committee met two times.

67

Table of Contents 

Consideration of Director Candidates 

The Governance and Nominating Committee is comprised of Kenneth R. Biederman, John R. Eisenbrey, Jr. and Michael
 Houghton, three independent directors. As part of the formalized nominating procedures, the committee makes recommendations for director nominations to the full Board. Director candidates nominated by stockholders are considered in the same manner,
 provided the nominations are submitted to the Secretary and copied to the Chairman of the committee on a timely basis and in accordance with the Company's By-laws. Nominations for the election of directors for the 2023 Annual Stockholders' Meeting were
 approved by the Governance and Nominating Committee on January 25, 2023.

The Governance and Nominating Committee has determined that no one single criterion should be given more weight than any other criteria when it considers the
 qualifications of a potential nominee to the Board. Instead, it believes that it should consider the total "skills set" of an individual. In evaluating an individual's skills set, the Governance and Nominating Committee considers a variety of factors,
 including, but not limited to, the potential nominee's background and education, his or her general business experience, and whether or not he or she has any experience in positions with a high degree of responsibility. In addition, although the
 Governance and Nominating Committee does not have a policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees, its charter includes in the Governance and Nominating Committee's duties and responsibilities that it seek
 members from diverse backgrounds so that the Board consists of members with a broad spectrum of experience and expertise.

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a code of ethics applicable to its chief executive officer, chief financial officer, controller or principal accounting officer, and
 any person who performs a similar function, which is a "code of ethics" as defined by applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. This code is publicly available on the Company's website at www.artesianwater.com. If the Company makes
 any amendments to this code other than technical, administrative, or other non-substantive amendments, or grants any waivers, including implicit waivers, from a provision of this code to the Company's chief executive officer, chief financial officer,
 controller or principal accounting officer, and any person who performs a similar function, the Company will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date and to whom it applies on its website. The information on the website listed
 above is not and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. It is intended to be an inactive textual reference only and is not incorporated by reference herein.

Board Diversity 

We believe it is important that our Board is composed of individuals reflecting the diversity represented by our
 employees, our customers, and our communities. We provide below enhanced disclosure regarding the self-reported diversity of our Board as required by the listing standards of the NASDAQ Capital Market.

Board Diversity Matrix (As of March 1, 2023)

Total Number of Directors

5

Female

Male

Non-

 Binary

Did Not

 Disclose

 Gender

Part I: Gender Identify

Directors

2

3

Part II: Demographic Background

African American or Black

Alaskan Native or Native American

Asian

Hispanic or Latinx

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander

White

2

3

Two or More Races or Ethnicities

LGBTQ+

Did Not Disclose Demographic Background

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

This discussion describes the Company s compensation program for its named executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table that immediately
 follows this discussion. The named executive officers are: Dian C. Taylor, Chair, President Chief Executive Officer; David B. Spacht, Chief Financial Officer; Joseph A. DiNunzio, Executive Vice President Secretary; Nicholle R. Taylor,
 Senior Vice President and Jennifer L. Finch, Corporate Treasurer and Senior Vice President of Finance Treasurer.

68

Table of Contents 

Objectives of the Company s Compensation Program

The Compensation Committee believes that the compensation for the Company s executives should serve to attract, motivate and retain seasoned and talented
 executives responsible for successfully guiding and implementing the Company's strategy. Our strategy is to increase our customer base, revenues, earnings and dividends by expanding our services across the Delmarva Peninsula, thereby providing our
 stockholders with a long-term, satisfactory return on their investment.

To implement our strategy, it is critical that our executives remain focused on:

ensuring superior customer service;

continuously improving our efficiency and performance;

managing risk appropriately;

expanding our franchised service territory and customer base at a consistent and sustainable rate - including by acquisitions - where
 growth is strong and demand is increasing;

identifying and developing dependable sources of supply;

constructing and maintaining reliable treatment facilities and water delivery and wastewater collection systems;

developing and continuing positive relationships with regulators, municipalities, developers and customers in both existing and
 prospective service areas; and

developing a skilled and motivated work force that is adaptive to change.

To accomplish our strategy, our compensation program's objectives are to:

provide compensation levels that are competitive with those provided by other companies with which we may compete for executive talent;

motivate and reward contributions and performance aligned with the Company's objectives;

attract and retain qualified, seasoned executives; and

ensure the Company maintains a pay-for-performance executive compensation program.

The compensation program rewards overall qualitative contributions and performance of each individual towards the Company's strategy. In reviewing the
 Company's overall compensation program in the context of the risks identified in the Company's risk management processes, the Compensation Committee does not believe that the risks the Company faces are correlated with the Company's compensation
 programs. Therefore, the Compensation Committee believes that there is an appropriate level of risk in the Company s compensation program design and does not believe that its approach to the design and administration of its incentive programs needs to
 change in order to mitigate compensation risk.

Elements of the Company s Compensation Program

The elements of the Company s compensation program include:

Base Salary

Cash Bonus Award

Equity Compensation as may be awarded under the 2015 Equity Compensation Plan

Employee Benefits

The Company's executive compensation program does not provide for:

Severance or post-termination agreements

Post-retirement benefits

Defined benefit pension benefits or any supplemental executive retirement plan benefits

Non-qualified deferred compensation

Change-in-Control agreements

Compensation Process

The Compensation Committee relies on various factors in determining executive compensation, including the overall financial performance of the Company,
 combined with an executive officer's individual performance, progress in meeting strategic corporate objectives, and changes in responsibilities, as well as the consideration of elements of compensation not provided for by the Company in comparison to
 its peers. The Compensation Committee generally exercises broad discretion in setting the compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and other executives and primarily considers the performance of the management team as a group, the Chief Executive
 Officer's assessment of other executives' performance and compensation recommendations with respect to the other executive officers as part of its process.

69

Table of Contents 

The Compensation Committee engaged Pearl Meyer Partners as a compensation consultant in 2013 to provide it with independent advice on executive
 compensation matters. They did not develop a public company peer group as part of their compensation benchmarking exercise, as they found few similarly sized, publicly traded water utilities. They used data available from a peer group of water
 utility companies to review incentive plan market practices and to establish industry practices, but did not use the pay data from these organizations given that the size of many are substantially larger than the Company. This peer group includes
 American States Water Company; American Water Works Company, Inc.; Essential Utilities, Inc.; California Water Service Group; Middlesex Water Company; SJW Group and York Water Company. This peer group has been used since 2013, and the Company believes
 it is appropriate to continue the use of this peer group for comparing the percentage change in cumulative shareholder returns and for consideration of elements of compensation not provided for by the Company. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Pearl
 Meyer Partners was engaged by the Company to conduct a compensation analysis on executive compensation. We expect that Pearl Meyer Partners will provide a report of their findings, conclusions and recommendations by the end of the first
 quarter 2023. This analysis had no impact on 2022 compensation for the named executive officers.

Base Salary

Base salaries for Company executives are set at levels considered appropriate to attract and retain seasoned and talented personnel. In 2022, the
 Compensation Committee increased the base salary of each of the named executive officers by 4 .

The Compensation Committee determines actual base salaries for each executive other than the Chief Executive Officer based upon:

recommendations provided by the Chief Executive Officer;

internal equity with other executives and Company personnel;

individual executive performance; and

individual contributions to the Company's strategic objectives.

The Compensation Committee considers the same factors in determining the base salary of the Chief Executive Officer, without any recommendation by the Chief
 Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer was not present during deliberations on her compensation.

Cash Bonus and Equity Compensation Awards

Annually, the Compensation Committee determines whether any Cash Bonus and/or Equity Compensation Awards should be granted to any of the executives. The
 Cash Bonus and Equity Compensation Awards are intended to reward executives for their contributions towards meeting the Company's strategic objectives. Cash Bonus and Equity Compensation Awards are entirely discretionary and are based upon a
 qualitative assessment conducted by the Compensation Committee in the case of the Chief Executive Officer and by the Compensation Committee and the Chief Executive Officer in the case of other executives. Recognizing both the executive team's and each
 individual named executive officer s contributions toward meeting the Company's strategic objectives, cash bonuses were awarded to the Chief Executive Officer and named executive officers in 2022, 2021, and 2020.

Other Compensation

Both Dian C. Taylor and Nicholle R. Taylor received compensation for their services as Directors, which compensation was equivalent to that provided to all
 other directors for Board and Committee meeting fees and less for retainers. See "Director Compensation."

The Company s named executive officers are eligible to participate in the same employee benefit plans and on the same basis as other Company employees, with
 the exception that executive officers are reimbursed for eligible medical expenses not otherwise covered by the Company's medical insurance plan under the Officer's Medical Reimbursement Plan. Amounts reimbursed are included in the "All Other
 Compensation" column in the Summary Compensation Table that follows this discussion.

The Role of Management in the Executive Compensation Process

Our Director of Human Resources typically assists the Compensation Committee by preparing and providing information showing:

current executive compensation levels;

executive compensation recommendations made by the Chief Executive Officer;

salary grade minimum, midpoint and maximums for each executive, based on information provided by the Company's compensation consultant
 retained in 2013, adjusted annually; and

actual base salary, cash bonus and equity compensation for each of the prior three years for each executive.

Our Chief Executive Officer meets with the Compensation Committee and provides input regarding the contributions of each executive towards the Company's
 strategic objectives and each executive's overall performance that formed the basis for her recommendations to the Compensation Committee. The final decisions regarding compensation for each executive are made by the Compensation Committee. Please
 refer to Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation section for more information.

Compensation Committee Report

The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based on the review and discussions, the
 Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Compensation Committee,

John R. Eisenbrey, Jr, Chairman

Kenneth R. Biederman

Michael Houghton

CEO Pay Ratio

The 2022 compensation disclosure ratio of the median annual total compensation of all Company employees to the annual total compensation of the Company s
 Chief Executive Officer is as follows:

2022 Total Compensation

Median employee total annual compensation

93,432

Annual total compensation of Dian C. Taylor, CEO

1,005,375

Ratio of CEO to median employee compensation

11:1

For simplicity, we identified the median employee by examining the base annual salary for all individuals, excluding our CEO, who were employed by us on
 October 31, 2020. We included all employees, whether employed on a full-time, part-time, or seasonal basis. We believe that the use of base annual salary compensation, excluding overtime, is a consistently applied compensation measure because we do
 not widely distribute annual equity awards to employees and believe that it provides a reasonable estimate of the pay ratio calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K. After identifying the median employee by examining base
 annual salary excluding overtime, we calculated annual total compensation, including overtime, for such employee using the same methodology we use for our named executive officers set forth in the 2022 Summary Compensation Table.

Summary Compensation Table: 

Name and Principal Position

Year

Salary )

Bonus )

Stock

 Awards

 ) (1) 

All Other

 Compensation

 ) (2),(3),(4) 

Total )

Dian C. Taylor, Chair, Chief Executive

2022

611,330

175,000

46,620

172,425

1,005,375

Officer President

2021

592,712

153,000

40,980

153,595

940,287

2020

575,574

250,000

35,010

214,924

1,075,508

David B. Spacht, Chief Financial

2022

409,973

100,000

N/A

39,583

549,556

Officer

2021

395,272

75,000

N/A

36,404

506,676

2020

383,064

104,000

N/A

34,955

522,019

Joseph A. DiNunzio, Executive Vice

2022

444,589

150,000

N/A

35,725

630,314

President Secretary

2021

431,046

75,000

N/A

31,900

537,946

2020

418,585

100,000

N/A

32,483

551,068

Nicholle R. Taylor, Senior Vice

2022

394,608

150,000

46,620

100,511

691,739

President

2021

3 50,864

78,000

40,980

98,953

568,797

2020

322,595

100,000

35,010

99,355

556,960

Jennifer L. Finch , Senior Vice 

2022

363,832

100,000

N/A

20,819

484,651

President Treasurer

2021

352,749

75,000

N/A

16,035

443,784

2020

301,459

100,000

N/A

14,793

416,252

70

Table of Contents 

(1)

On May 3, 2022, Dian Taylor and Nicholle Taylor each received a restricted stock award of 1,000 shares of Class A Stock in their capacities as
 directors of the Company. The award was valued at the fair market value on the date of the award (last reported sale price on the date of award) or 45.58 per share. The restricted shares vest one year from the date of grant. On May 4, 2021
 Dian Taylor and Nicholle Taylor each received a restricted stock award of 1,000 shares of Class A Stock. The award was valued at the fair market value on the date of the award or 40.11 per share. The restricted shares vested one year from
 the date of grant. On May 6, 2020, Dian Taylor and Nicholle Taylor each received a restricted stock award of 1,000 shares of Class A Stock. The award was valued at the fair market value on the date of the award or 35.01 per share. The
 restricted shares vested one year from the date of grant.

(2)

Under the Company s defined contribution 401(k) Plan, the Company contributes two percent of an eligible employee s gross earnings. The Company
 also matches 50 percent of the first six percent of the employee s gross earnings that the employee contributes to the 401(k) Plan. In addition, all employees hired before April 26, 1994 and under the age of 60 at that date are eligible for
 additional contributions to the 401(k) Plan. Employees over the age of 60 at that date receive Company paid medical, dental and life insurance benefits upon retirement. The Company will not provide the additional 401(k) or medical, dental and
 life insurance benefits to any other current or future employees. In 2022, Company contributions to the 401(k) Plan under terms available to all other employees based upon their years of service and plan eligibility were made in the amounts
 of:

Dian C. Taylor

33,550

David B. Spacht

33,550

Joseph A. DiNunzio

33,550

Nicholle R. Taylor

33,550

Jennifer L. Finch

15,250

(3) 

Included in the All Other Compensation column in the table above are amounts received by Dian C. Taylor as compensation for attendance at meetings of the Board and its
 committees in 2022 totaling 60,250, 8,437 for security provided at her personal residence, 36,925 for country club dues and personal use of a company-owned vehicle. Also included in the All Other Compensation column in the table above are
 amounts received by Nicholle R. Taylor as compensation for Board retainer fees, attendance at meetings of the Board and its committees in 2022 totaling 60,250.

(4) 

Executive officers are reimbursed for eligible medical expenses not otherwise covered by the Company s medical insurance plan under the Officer s Medical Reimbursement
 Plan. Amounts reimbursed are included in the All Other Compensation column in the table above. Dian C. Taylor received reimbursements of 29,006 in 2022.

Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table

Name

Grant Date

Vest Date

All Other

 Stock Awards:

 Number of

 Shares of

 Stock or Units

 (#)

All Other Option

 Awards: Number

 of Securities

 Underlying

 Options (#)

Exercise or

 Base Price

 of Option

 Awards

 /share)

Grant Date Fair

 Value of Stock 

 Option Awards )

Dian C. Taylor

5/03/2022

5/03/2023

1,000

-

-

45,580

Nicholle R. Taylor

5/03/2022

5/03/2023

1,000

-

-

45,580

On May 3, 2022, Dian C. Taylor and Nicholle R. Taylor each received a restricted stock award of 1,000 shares of Class A Stock, as noted in the table above.
 The awards were valued at the fair market value on the date of the award (last reported sale price on the date of award) or 45.58 per share. The restricted stock awards vest one year from the date of grant.

71

Table of Contents 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table

Option Awards

Name

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options(#) Exercisable

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable

Option Exercise Price( 

Option

 Expiration

 Date

Nicholle R. Taylor

6,750

---

21.86

5/07/2024

Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table

Option Awards

Stock Awards

Name

Number of

 Shares Acquired

 on Exercise (#)

Value

 Realized on

 Exercise )

Number of

 Shares Acquired

 on Vesting (#)

Value

 Realized on

 Vesting )

Dian C. Taylor

6,750

634,311

1,000

46,620

Nicholle R. Taylor

8,750

284,953

1,000

46,620

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of the equity securities
 of the Company, as of March 7, 2023 for each director, each named executive officer , each beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of the outstanding shares
 of any class of the Company s voting securities and all directors and executive officers as a group, based in each case on information furnished to the Company. Addresses are provided for each beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of the
 Company s voting securities. 

Class A Non-Voting Common Stock (1) 

Class B Common Stock (1) 

Shares

Percent (2) 

Shares

Percent (2) 

Dian C. Taylor (3) 

 664 Churchmans Road

 Newark, Delaware 19702

146,543

1.7

159,509

18.1

Kenneth R. Biederman (3) 

23,875

---

---

John R. Eisenbrey, Jr. (3)(4)(5) 

 15 Albe Drive

 Newark, Delaware 19702

53,751

45,707

5.2

Nicholle R. Taylor (3)(6) 

 20 Brendle Lane

 Wilmington, Delaware 19807

30,999

281,719

32.0

Michael Houghton

1,000

---

---

---

Joseph A. DiNunzio

19,144

203

David B. Spacht

4,109

189

Jennifer L. Finch

1,815

---

---

Louisa Taylor Welcher

 219 Laurel Avenue

 Newark, DE 19711

87,324

1.0

135,862

15.4

Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (13 Individuals) (3) 

311,860

3.6

488,677

55.4

less than 1 

72

Table of Contents 

(1) 

The nature of ownership consists of sole voting and investment power unless otherwise indicated. The amount also includes all shares issuable to such person or
 group upon the exercise of options or vesting of restricted shares held by such person or group to the extent such options are exercisable or restricted shares vest within 60 days after March 7, 2023.

(2) 

The percentage of the total number of shares of the class outstanding is shown where that percentage is one percent or greater. Percentages for each person are
 based on the aggregate number of shares of the applicable class outstanding as of March 7, 2023, and all shares issuable to such person upon the exercise of options or vesting of restricted shares held by such person to the extent such
 options are exercisable or restricted shares vest within 60 days of that date.

(3) 

Includes vesting of restricted shares and options to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Stock, as follows: Ms. D. Taylor (1,000 shares); Mr. Biederman (1,000
 shares); Mr. Eisenbrey, Jr. (1,000 shares); Ms. N. Taylor (7,750 shares); Mr. Houghton (1,000 shares).

(4) 

89,123 shares were pledged by Mr. Eisenbrey, Jr. as collateral for a loan.

(5) 

Includes 780 shares of the Class B Stock owned by a trust, of which Mr. Eisenbrey, Jr. is a trustee and has a beneficial ownership interest, and 1,555 shares of the
 Class B Stock held in custodial accounts for Mr. Eisenbrey, Jr. s daughters.

(6) 

Includes 724 shares of the Class A Stock and 45 shares of the Class B stock held in custodial accounts for Ms. N. Taylor s daughter and 282 shares of Class A stock
 held by her spouse.

On January 24, 2023, Blackrock, Inc. filed Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13G indicating it is the beneficial owner
 of 821,717 shares (approximately 9.5 of the Company s Class A Non-Voting Common Stock. Pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 403(b), Blackrock, Inc. s ownership of such non-voting stock has been excluded from the foregoing table because it is not a
 director, director nominee or named executive officer of the Company.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table provides information on the shares of our Class A Stock that may be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options and vesting of
 awards as of December 31, 2022 under the Company s stockholder approved stock plans.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

Plan category

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (a)

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

11,750

12.560

284,932

Total

11,750

12.560

284,932

73

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
 TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

We have three directors who are considered independent under the Nasdaq listing standards: Kenneth R. Biederman, John R. Eisenbrey, Jr. and Michael
 Houghton.

Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons

As set forth in the Company s Audit Committee Charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and, if appropriate, approving all related-party
 transactions between us and any officer, director, any person known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of the Company s voting securities or any other related person that would potentially require disclosure. We expect that any
 transactions in which related persons have a direct or indirect interest will be presented to the Audit Committee for review and approval. While neither the Audit Committee nor the Board have adopted a written policy regarding related-party
 transactions, the Audit Committee considers such information as it deems important to determine whether the transaction is on reasonable and competitive terms and is fair to the Company. In addition, the Audit Committee makes inquiries to our
 management and our auditors when reviewing such transactions.

Related person transactions include any transaction in which (1) the Company is a participant, (2) any related person has a direct or indirect material
 interest and (3) the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company s total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, but excludes certain type of transactions where the related person is
 deemed not to have a material interest. A related person means: (a) any person who is, or at any time since the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year was, a director, an executive officer or a director nominee; (b) any person known to be the
 beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of the Company s voting securities; (c) any immediate family member of a person identified in items (a) or (b) above, meaning such person s spouse, parent, stepparent, child, stepchild, sibling, mother- or
 father-in-law, son- or daughter-in-law, brother- or sister-in-law or any other individual (other than a tenant or employee) who shares the person s household; or (d) any entity that employs any person identified in (a), (b) or (c) or in which any
 person identified in (a), (b) or (c) directly or indirectly owns or otherwise has a material interest.

In its review and approval or ratification of related person transactions (including its determination as to whether the related person has a material interest
 in a transaction), the Audit Committee will consider, among other factors:

-

the nature of the related person s interest in the transaction;

-

the material terms of the transaction, including, without limitation, the amount and type of transaction;

-

the importance of the transaction to the related person;

-

the importance of the transaction to the Company;

-

whether the transaction would impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in the best interest of the Company; and

-

any other matters the Audit Committee deems important or appropriate.

The Audit Committee intends to approve only those related person transactions that are in, or are not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company and
 its stockholders.

Related Party Transactions

Mr. Michael Houghton currently serves as a director. During 2021, Mr. Houghton was a Partner in the law firm of Morris, Nichols, Arsht Tunnell LLP, or
 MNAT, in Wilmington, Delaware. Mr. Houghton retired from MNAT as a Partner, effective January 1, 2022, however, Mr. Houghton continues to perform legal services for MNAT as an independent contractor and non-partner. In the normal course of business,
 the Company utilized the services of MNAT in 2021 for various regulatory, real estate and public policy matters. Approximately 191,000 and 386,000 was paid to MNAT during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, for
 legal and director related services

As set forth in the Charter of the Audit Committee of the Board, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and, if appropriate, approving all related
 party transactions between us and any officer, any director, any person known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of the Company s voting securities or any other related person that would potentially require disclosure. In its
 review and approval of the related party transactions with MNAT, the Audit Committee considered the nature of the related person s interest in the transactions; the satisfactory performance of work contracted with the related party prior to the
 election of Mr. Houghton as a director; and the material terms of the transactions, including, without limitation, the amount and type of transactions, the importance of the transactions to the related person, the importance of the transactions to the
 Company and whether the transactions would impair the judgment of a director or officer to act in the best interest of the Company. The Audit Committee approves only those related person transactions that are in, or are consistent with, the best
 interests of the Company and its stockholders..

74

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Fees Billed by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The following table sets forth the aggregate contract fees billed to the Company for the fiscal year 2022 and 2021 by the independent registered public
 accounting firm, BDO USA, LLP.

(In thousands)

2022

2021

Audit Fees

415

387

Audit-Related Fees

21

17

Tax Fees

---

---

All Other Fees

---

---

Total Fees

436

404

Audit Fees: consist primarily of fees for the audits of our financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K; the reviews of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; and the
 audits of internal control over financial reporting, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and fees billed for assurance, services related to registration statements and other documents issued in connection with
 securities and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements.

Audit-Related Fees : consist of fees for services
 related to the audit of the Company s 401(k) Plan. 

Tax Fees: consist of fees for professional services
 for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal and state tax compliance, return preparation and tax audits. The independent registered public accounting firm did not provide any tax services to the
 Company in 2022 and 2021.

All Other Fees: consist of fees for services other
 than described above. The independent registered public accounting firm did not provide any other services to the Company in 2022 and 2021.

Pursuant to our policy, the Audit Committee pre-approves audit and tax services for the year as well as non-audit services to be provided by the independent
 registered public accounting firm. Any changes in the amounts quoted are also subject to pre-approval by the committee. Any audit related fees and tax fees paid are pre-approved by the committee.

The Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors has considered whether BDO s provision of the services described above for the fiscal year ended
 December 31, 2022 is compatible with maintaining its independence.

75

Table of Contents 

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

Page(s) 

(1)

Financial
 Statements : 

Reports
 of Independent Registered Public Accountants (BDO USA,LLP; Wilmington, DE; PCAOB ID# 243 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the three years ended December 31, 2022 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in
 Stockholders Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2)

Exhibits: see the exhibit list below

Page number shown refers to page number in this Annual Report on Form 10-K

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Information with respect to this item is not required and has been omitted at our option.

76

Table of Contents 

ARTESIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION

FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

EXHIBIT LIST

Exhibit

 Number

Description

3.1 

Amended and Restated By-laws of Artesian Resources Corporation incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on
 November 23, 2020.

3.2 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company effective April 28, 2004 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Company s Form
 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2004.

4.1 

First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and CoBank, ACB dated October 25,
 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022.

4.2 

Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2022, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022.

4.3 

Bond Purchase Agreement, dated April 29, 2022, by and between Artesian Water Company, Inc., and CoBank, ACB.

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022.

4.4 

Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 17, 2019, between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and Wilmington
 Trust Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2019.

4.5 

Bond Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2019 by and between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and the Wilmington Trust
 Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2019.

4.6 

Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2018, between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and Wilmington
 Trust Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018.

4.7 

Bond Purchase Agreement, dated January 31, 2018 by and between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and CoBank,
 ACB. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2018.

4.8 

Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 18, 2017, between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and Wilmington
 Trust Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2017.

4.9 

Bond Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2017 by and between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and CoBank,
 ACB. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2017.

4.10 

First Amendment to Indenture of Mortgage and to the Sixteenth, Eighteenth and Twentieth Supplemental Indentures dated as of January 18, 2017, between
 Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.

4.11 

Letter Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2015, by and between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and CoBank ACB. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2015.

4.12 

Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 20, 2009, between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and Wilmington
 Trust Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 filed with the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.

4.13 

Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 1, 2008, between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and Wilmington Trust
 Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2008.

4.14 

First Amendment to Bond Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2017 by and between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and
 CoBank, ACB. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.

4.15 

Bond Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2008 by and between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and CoBank,
 ACB. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2008.

4.16 

Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 2005, between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and Wilmington Trust
 Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2005.

4.17 

Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2003 between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and the Wilmington
 Trust Company, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003.

4.18 

Indenture of Mortgage dated July 1, 1961, between Artesian Water Company, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and the Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee.
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 filed with the Company s Annual

 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017.

4.19 

Second Amendment to Master Loan Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2019, by and between Artesian Wastewater Management, Inc. and CoBank, ACB. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 filed with the Company s Annual

 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019.

4.20 

First Amendment to Master Loan Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2019, by and between Artesian Wastewater Management, Inc. and CoBank, ACB. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.17 filed with the Company s Annual

 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019.

4.21 

Guarantee of Payment, dated as of August 8, 2018, by and between Artesian Resources Corporation and CoBank, ACB. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.3 filed with the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2018.

4.22 

Master Loan Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2018, by and between Artesian Wastewater Management, Inc. and CoBank, ACB. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2018.

4.23 

Artesian Resources Corporation 2015 Equity Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-8 filed December 16, 2015.

4.24 

Interest Rate Lock Agreement, dated as of October 8, 2019, by and between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and CoBank, ACB, Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2019.

4.25 

Description of the Company s Securities. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.22 filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
 ended December 31, 2019.

4.26 

Interest Rate Lock Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2022, by and between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and CoBank, ACB. Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 10, 2022.

10.1 

Financing Agreement, Loan No. 22000033, dated as of December 9, 2022, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State
 Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2022.

10.2 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2022D-DWSRF, dated as of December 9, 2022, issued
 by Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2022.

10.3 

Financing Agreement, Loan No. 22000032, dated as of December 9, 2022, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State
 Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2022.

10.4 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2022E-DWSRF, dated as of December 9, 2022, issued
 by Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2022.

10.5 

Financing Agreement, Loan No. 22000031, dated as of December 9, 2022, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State
 Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2022.

10.6 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2022F-DWSRF, dated as of December 9, 2022, issued
 by Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2022.

10.7 

Financing Agreement, Loan No. 22000030, dated as of August 12, 2022, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving
 Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2022.

10.8 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2022A-DWSRF, dated as of August 12, 2022, issued by
 Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2022.

10.9 

Financing Agreement, Loan No. 22000029, dated as of August 12, 2022, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving
 Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2022.

10.10 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2022B-DWSRF, dated as of August 12, 2022, issued by
 Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2022.

10.11 

Financing Agreement, Loan No. 22000028, dated as of August 12, 2022, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving
 Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2022.

10.12 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2022C-DWSRF, dated as of August 12, 2022, issued by
 Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2022

10.13 

Settlement Agreement upon which The Chemours Company FC, LLC, Hercules, LLC, Waste Management of Delaware, Inc., SC Holdings, Inc., Cytec Industries,
 Inc., Zeneca Inc., and Bayer CropScience Inc., collectively the Percentage Settlors, and the Delaware Sand and Gravel Remedial Trust, on one hand, and Artesian Water Company, Inc., on the other hand, have agreed to resolve certain of Artesian
 Water s claims and issues relating to releases of contaminants from the Delaware Sand Gravel Landfill Superfund Site, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2022

10.14 

Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 11, 2022, by and among Artesian Water Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Town of
 Clayton, a Delaware municipality, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 5, 2022.

10.15 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated August 27, 2021, by and among Artesian Wastewater Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Middlesex Water
 Company, a New Jersey corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2021.

10.16 

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated February 16, 2022, by and among Artesian Water Company, Inc. a Delaware corporation, and the Town of Clayton, a
 Delaware municipality. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021.

10.17 

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 11, 2020 by and among Artesian Water Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the City of Delaware City, a
 Delaware municipality. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Company s Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2020.

10.18 

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2020 by and among Artesian Water Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and the Town of Frankford, a
 Delaware municipality. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Company s Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2020.

10.19 

Financing Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2020, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and
 through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020.

10.20 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2020A-SRF, dated as of April 28, 2020, issued by
 Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020.

10.21 

Financing Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2020, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and
 through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020.

10.22 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2020B-SRF, dated as of April 28, 2020, issued by
 Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020.

10.23 

Financing Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2020, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and
 through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020.

10.24 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2020C-SRF, dated as of April 28, 2020, issued by
 Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2020.

10.25 

General Obligation Note (New Castle County Water Main Transmission Replacements Projects), Series 2011-SRF, dated as of July 15, 2011, issued by
 Artesian Water Company, Inc. in favor of Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed
 with the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2011.

10.26 

Financing Agreement, dated as of July 15, 2011, between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, acting by and
 through the Delaware Department of Health Social Services, Division of Public Health. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2011.

10.27 

Financing Agreement and General Obligation Note dated February 12, 2010 between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and Delaware Drinking Water State Revolving
 Fund Delaware Department of Health and Social Services, Division of Public Health. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2010.

10.28 

Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement between Artesian Water Company, Inc. and CoBank, ACB dated September 20, 2019. Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 8, 2019.

10.29 

Demand Line of Credit Agreement dated January 19, 2010 between Artesian Resources Corporation and each of its subsidiaries and Citizens Bank of
 Pennsylvania, as amended or modified from time to time. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2010.

10.30 

Amendment to Agreement for Purchase of Water Assets of the Town of Port Deposit and for the provision of Potable Water Services, dated November 1,
 2010 by and among Artesian Water Maryland, Inc., a Delaware Corporation, Artesian Resources Corporation, a Delaware Corporation and the Mayor and Town Council of Port Deposit, Maryland, a body corporate and politic organized under the laws of
 the State of Maryland. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2010.

10.31 

Water Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 1, 2009 by and among Artesian Water Maryland, Inc., a Delaware Corporation, Artesian Resources
 Corporation, a Delaware Corporation and the Mayor and Town Council of Port Deposit, Maryland, a body corporate and politic organized under the laws of the State of Maryland. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2009.

10.32 

Limited Liability Interest Purchase Agreement between Artesian Water Maryland, Inc., subsidiary of the Company, and Mountain Hill Water Company, LLC,
 dated May 5, 2008. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 9, 2008.

10.33 

Artesian Resources Corporation 2005 Equity Compensation Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2005. 

10.34 

Amended and Restated Artesian Resources Corporation 1992 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, as amended. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed
 with the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2003. 

10.35

Artesian Resources Corporation Incentive Stock Option Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) filed with the Company s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995. 

10.36 

Officer s Medical Reimbursement Plan dated May 27, 1992. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s Annual Report on Form
 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2001. 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

23.1 

Consent of BDO USA, LLP 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline
 XBRL document). 

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

Compensation plan or arrangement required to be filed or incorporated as an exhibit.

77

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

ARTESIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
 behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date March 10, 2023

By: /s/ DAVID B. SPACHT

David B. Spacht

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
 and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ DIAN C. TAYLOR

Chair of the Board of Directors, President 

Dian C. Taylor

and Chief Executive Officer (Principal

March 10, 2023

Executive Officer) 

/s/ DAVID B. SPACHT

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

David B. Spacht

March 10, 2023

/s/ J ENNIFER L. FINCH 

Corporate Treasurer and Senior Vice 

Jennifer L. Finch

President of Finance (Principal Accounting Officer)

March 10, 2023

/s/ KENNETH R. BIEDERMAN

Kenneth R. Biederman

Director

March 10, 2023

/s/ JOHN R. EISENBREY, JR.

John R. Eisenbrey, Jr.

Director

March 10, 2023

/s/ MICHAEL HOUGHTON

Michael Houghton

Director

March 10, 2023

/s/ NICHOLLE R. TAYLOR

Nicholle R. Taylor

Director

March 10, 2023

78

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1

Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Artesian Resources Corporation, required

 by Rule 13a 14(a) as adopted under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934

I, Dian C. Taylor, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Artesian Resources Corporation;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b.

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c.

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d.

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
 recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b.

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
 over financial reporting.

Date: March 10, 2023

/s/ Dian C. Taylor

Dian C. Taylor

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

EXHIBIT 21

ARTESIAN RESOURCES CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES

Subsidiaries of Registrant

The following list includes the Registrant and all of its subsidiaries. All subsidiaries of the Registrant appearing in the following table are included
 in the consolidated financial statements of the Registrant and its subsidiaries.

Name of Company

State of Incorporation

Artesian Resources Corporation

Delaware

Artesian Water Company, Inc.

Delaware

Artesian Water Pennsylvania, Inc.

Pennsylvania

Artesian Water Maryland, Inc.

Delaware

Artesian Development Corporation

Delaware

Artesian Wastewater Management, Inc.

Delaware

Tidewater Environmental Services, Inc. dba Artesian Wastewater

Delaware

Artesian Wastewater Maryland, Inc.

Delaware

Artesian Utility Development, Inc.

Delaware

Artesian Storm Water Services, Inc.

Delaware

</EX-21>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2

Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Artesian Resources Corporation, required

 by Rule 13a 14(a) as adopted under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934

I, David B. Spacht, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Artesian Resources Corporation;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a.

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b.

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c.

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d.

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
 recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a.

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b.

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
 over financial reporting.

Date: March 10, 2023

/s/ David B. Spacht

David B. Spacht

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-23>
 5
 ex23.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EXHIBIT 23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Artesian Resources Corporation

 Newark, Delaware

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-88531) and Form S-8 (No. 33-05255, 333-31209,
 333-78043, 333-126910 and 333-208582) of Artesian Resources Corporation of our report dated March 10, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements which appear in the Annual Report to Stockholders, which is incorporated by reference in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

/s/BDO USA, LLP

BDO USA, LLP

 Wilmington, Delaware

 March 10, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer

 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350

I, Dian C. Taylor, Chief Executive Officer, and David B. Spacht, Chief Financial Officer, of Artesian Resources Corporation, a Delaware
 corporation (the "Company"), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on our knowledge:

1.

The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the " Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section
 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 USC Section 78m(a) or Section 78o(d)), as amended; and

2.

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the period
 covered by the Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Report.

Date: March 10, 2023

Chief Executive Officer:

Chief Financial Officer:

/s/ Dian C. Taylor

/s/ David B. Spacht

Dian C. Taylor

David B. Spacht

These certifications accompany the Report to which they relate, are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report),
 irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 artna-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 artna-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 artna-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 artna-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 artna-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

