<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230308_10-K_edgar_data_27419_0000027419-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12870943</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>403847</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2951089</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4219527</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2725226</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2323673</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000027419-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230308
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230308160418
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000027419-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230128
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230308
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230308

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TARGET CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000027419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-VARIETY STORES [5331]
		IRS NUMBER:				410215170
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0201

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06049
		FILM NUMBER:		23716121

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123046073

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 NICOLLET MALL
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DAYTON HUDSON CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DAYTON CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690728

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000027419-23-000015.txt : 20230308

10-K
 1
 tgt-20230128.htm
 10-K

tgt-20230128 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 x 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 29, 2022, wa s based on the closing price of 163.38 per share of common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Total shares of common stock, par value 0.0833, outstanding as of March 2, 2023, were . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 14 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 15 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 Item 6 
 Reserved 
 18 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 62 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 62 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 62 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 62 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 63 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 63 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 63 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 63 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 63 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 64 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 67 
 SIGNATURES 
 68 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 1 

BUSINESS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 
 Target Corporation (Target, the Corporation, or the Company) was incorporated in Minnesota in 1902. Our corporate purpose is to help all families discover the joy of everyday life. We offer to our customers, referred to as "guests," everyday essentials and fashionable, differentiated merchandise at discounted prices. We operate as a single segment designed to enable guests to purchase products seamlessly in stores or through our digital channels. Since 1946, we have given 5 percent of our profit to communities. 
 
 Strategy 
 
 Our team, technology, and operations enable us to serve guests, fulfill our purpose, and drive business results through a durable, growth-focused enterprise strategy that differentiates Target in the marketplace. The six pillars of our strategy are: 
 
 Differentiating from our competition with our assortment of unique owned brands and curated leading national brands; 
 Investing to create an engaging, convenient, safe, and differentiated shopping experience for our guests; 
 Leveraging our stores as fulfillment hubs to efficiently meet our guests' needs, whether they purchase online or in-store; 
 Engaging with our guests through programs like Target Circle and RedCard to maintain and enhance our relevancy; 
 Delivering affordability to our guests; and 
 Leveraging our size and scale to benefit people, the planet, and our business, primarily through Target Forward, our enterprise sustainability strategy. 
 
 Our recent growth in sales demonstrates the strength and relevance of Target s strategy. Our strategy places stores at the center of our flexible fulfillment approach, with stores fulfilling more than 96 percent of total sales, which provides convenience for our guests at a reduced fulfillment cost. 

TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 2 

BUSINESS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Sales by Fulfillment Channel 

Financial Highlights 
 
 For information on key financial highlights, see Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A). 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 A larger share of annual revenues traditionally occurs in the fourth quarter because it includes the November and December holiday sales period. 
 
 Merchandise 
 
 The majority of our stores offer a wide assortment of general merchandise and food. Nearly all of our stores larger than 170,000 square feet offer a variety of general merchandise and a full line of food items comparable to traditional supermarkets. Our digital channels include a wide merchandise and food assortment, including many items found in our stores, along with a complementary assortment sold by Target and third parties. We manage our business across the five core merchandise categories shown below. Within categories, gross margins vary depending on the type of merchandise. 
 
 Sales by Merchandise Category 

TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 3 

BUSINESS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

A significant portion of our sales is from national brand merchandise. Approximately one-third of our sales come from our owned and exclusive brands, including, but not limited to, the brands listed below. 
 
 Owned Brands A New Day Goodfellow Co Room Essentials All in Motion Hearth Hand with Magnolia Shade Shore Art Class Heyday Smartly Auden Hyde EEK! Boutique Smith Hawken Ava Viv JoyLab Sonia Kashuk Boots Barkley Kindfull Spritz Brightroom Knox Rose Stars Above Bullseye's Playground Kona Sol Sun Squad Casaluna Made By Design Threshold Cat Jack Market Pantry Universal Thread Cloud Island Mondo Llama up up Colsie More Than Magic Wild Fable Embark Opalhouse Wondershop Everspring Open Story Xhilaration Favorite Day Original Use Future Collective Pillowfort Good Gather Project 62 Exclusive Adult Beverage Brands California Roots Jingle Mingle SunPop Casa Cantina Photograph The Collection Headliner Ros Bae Wine Cube 
 
 We also sell merchandise through periodic exclusive design and creative partnerships, and shop-in-shop experiences, with partners such as Apple, Disney, Levi's, and Ulta Beauty, and generate revenue from in-store amenities such as Starbucks, Target Caf , and Target Optical. CVS Pharmacy, Inc. (CVS) operates pharmacies and clinics in our stores under a perpetual operating agreement from which we generate annual occupancy income. 
 
 Customer Loyalty Programs 
 
 Our guests receive a 5 percent discount on nearly all purchases and receive free shipping at Target.com when they use their Target Debit Card, RedCard Reloadable Account, Target Credit Card, or Target MasterCard (collectively, RedCards ). We also seek to drive customer loyalty and trip frequency through our Target Circle program, where members earn 1 percent rewards on nearly all non-RedCard purchases, among other benefits. 
 
 Distribution 
 
 The vast majority of merchandise is distributed to our stores through our network of distribution centers. Common carriers ship merchandise to and from our distribution centers. Vendors or third-party distributors ship certain food items and other merchandise directly to our stores. Merchandise sold through our digital channels is distributed to our guests through guest pick-up at our stores, via common carriers (from stores, distribution centers, vendors, and third-party distributors), and delivery via our wholly owned subsidiary, Shipt, Inc. (Shipt). Our stores fulfill the majority of the digitally originated sales, which allows improved product availability, faster fulfillment times, reduced shipping costs, and allows us to offer guests a suite of same-day fulfillment options such as Order Pickup, Drive Up, and Shipt. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 4 

BUSINESS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Human Capital Management 
 
 In support of our purpose to help all families discover the joy of everyday life we invest in our team, our most important asset, by giving them opportunities to grow professionally, take care of themselves, each other, and their families, and to make a difference for our guests and our communities. We are among the largest private employers in the United States (U.S.), and our workforce has varying goals and expectations of their employment relationship, from team members looking to build a career to students, retirees, and others who are seeking to supplement their income in an enjoyable atmosphere. We seek to be an employer of choice to attract and retain top talent no matter their objectives in seeking employment. To that end, we strive to foster an engaged, diverse, inclusive, safe, purpose-driven culture where employees, referred to as "team members," have equitable opportunities for success. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, we employed approximately 440,000 full-time, part-time, and seasonal team members. Because of the seasonal nature of the retail business, employment levels peak in the holiday season. We also engage independent contractors, most notably in our Shipt subsidiary. 
 
 Our Board of Directors, through the Compensation and Human Capital Management Committee, oversees human capital management matters. 
 
 Talent Development and Engagement 
 
 We offer a compelling work environment with meaningful experiences and abundant growth and career-development opportunities. This starts with the opportunity to do challenging work and learn on the job and is supplemented by programs and continuous learning that help our team build skills at all levels, including programs focused on specialized skill development, leadership opportunities, coaching, and mentoring. Our talent and succession planning process supports the development of a diverse talent pipeline for leadership and other critical roles. We monitor our team members perceptions of these commitments through a number of surveys and take steps to address areas needing improvement. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DE I) 
 
 We embrace diversity and strive to give our team members equitable access to opportunities. We champion workplace diversity and an inclusive work environment with a focus on attracting, engaging, developing, and advancing team members equitably in order to reflect the guests and communities we serve. We monitor the representation of women and racially or ethnically diverse team members at different levels throughout the company and disclose the composition of our team in our annual Workforce Diversity Report and EEO-1 report. We set company-wide DE I goals to drive progress in these areas. Developing environments where all team members feel seen, heard, and welcome to belong is part of Target's core value of inclusivity and is fundamental to creating an inclusive guest experience. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Our compensation and benefits are designed to support the financial, mental, and physical well-being of our team members and their families. We believe in paying team members equitably, regardless of gender, race, or ethnicity, and we regularly review the pay data of U.S. team members to confirm that we are doing so. Our compensation packages include a starting wage range of 15 to 24 per hour for U.S. hourly team members in our stores and supply chain facilities (who comprise the vast majority of our team), a 401(k) plan with dollar-for-dollar matching contributions up to five percent of eligible earnings, paid vacation and holidays, family leave, merchandise and other discounts, disability insurance, life insurance, healthcare and dependent care flexible spending accounts, debt-free education assistance and tuition reimbursement, free mental health services, an annual short-term incentive program, long-term equity awards, and health insurance benefits, including free virtual health care visits. Eligibility for, and the level of, benefits vary depending on team members full-time or part-time status, work location, compensation level, and tenure. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 5 

BUSINESS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Workplace Health and Safety 
 
 We strive to maintain a safe and secure work environment and have specific safety programs. This includes administering a comprehensive occupational injury- and illness-prevention program and training for team members. 
 
 Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we continued to invest in the well-being, health, and safety of our team members with a variety of mental, emotional, and physical wellness resources. We also enacted dozens of safety, social distancing, and cleaning measures designed to protect our team and guests during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Working Capital 
 
 Effective inventory management is key to our ongoing success, and we use various techniques including demand forecasting and planning and various forms of replenishment management. We achieve effective inventory management by staying in-stock in core product offerings, maintaining positive vendor relationships, and carefully planning inventory levels for seasonal and apparel items to minimize markdowns. During 2022, rapid changes in consumer preferences and supply chain volatility resulted in increased working capital needs. 
 
 The Business Environment and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections in MD A provide additional details. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We compete with traditional and internet retailers, including department stores, off-price general merchandise retailers, wholesale clubs, category-specific retailers, drug stores, supermarkets, direct-to-consumer brands, and other forms of retail commerce. Our ability to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers and provide compelling value to our guests largely determines our competitive position within the retail industry. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Our brand image is a critical element of our business strategy. Our principal trademarks, including Target, our "Expect More. Pay Less." brand promise, and our "Bullseye Design," ha ve been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. We also seek to obtain and preserve intellectual property protection for our brands. 
 
 Geographic Information 
 
 Nearly all of our revenues are generated within the U.S. The vast majority of our property and equipment is located within the U.S. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 Our internet website is corporate.target.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are available free of charge on the Investors section of our website (corporate.target.com/investors) as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, the SEC maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Investors should note that we currently announce material information to our investors and others using filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, or our corporate website (corporate.target.com). Information that we post on our corporate website could be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, and others interested in us to review the information we post on these channels. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the SEC. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 6 

BUSINESS RISK FACTORS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 Executive officers are elected by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board of Directors. There are no family relationships between any of the officers named and any other executive officer or member of the Board of Directors, or any arrangement or understanding pursuant to which any person was selected as an officer. 
 
 Name Title and Recent Business Experience Age Katie M. Boylan Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer since February 2021. Senior Vice President and Chief Communications Officer from January 2019 to February 2021. Senior Vice President, Communications from June 2017 to January 2019. 
 46 Brian C. Cornell Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since August 2014. 64 Michael J. Fiddelke Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2019. Senior Vice President, Operations from August 2018 to October 2019. Senior Vice President, Merchandising Capabilities from March 2017 to August 2018. 46 A. Christina Hennington 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer since February 2021. Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer, Hardlines, Essentials and Capabilities from January 2020 to February 2021. Senior Vice President, Group Merchandise Manager, Essentials, Beauty, Hardlines and Services from January 2019 to January 2020. Senior Vice President, Merchandising Essentials, Beauty and Wellness from April 2017 to January 2019. 48 Melissa K. Kremer Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2019. Senior Vice President, Talent and Organizational Effectiveness from October 2017 to January 2019. 45 Don H. Liu Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Risk Officer and Corporate Secretary since October 2017. 61 John J. Mulligan Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since September 2015. 57 Cara A. Sylvester Executive Vice President and Chief Guest Experience Officer since May 2022. Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Digital Officer from February 2021 to May 2022. Senior Vice President, Home from March 2019 to February 2021. Vice President, Beauty Dermstore from June 2017 to March 2019. 
 45 Laysha L. Ward Executive Vice President and Chief External Engagement Officer since January 2017. 55 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to many risks. Set forth below are the material risks we face. Risks are listed in the categories where they primarily apply, but other categories may also apply. 
 
 Competitive and Reputational Risks 
 
 If we are unable to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 We attempt to differentiate our guest experience through a careful combination of price, merchandise assortment, store environment, convenience, guest service, loyalty programs, and marketing. Our ability to successfully differentiate ourselves depends on many competitive factors, including guest perceptions regarding the safety and cleanliness of our stores, the value and exclusivity of our offerings, our in-stock levels, the effectiveness of our digital channels and fulfillment options, our ability to responsibly source merchandise, and our ability to create a personalized guest experience. If we fail to differentiate our guest experience from our competitors, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 7 

RISK FACTORS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

The retail industry's continuing migration to digital channels and multiple fulfillment options for consumers has affected the ways we differentiate from other retailers. Since consumers can quickly comparison shop using digital tools, they may make decisions based solely on price or convenience, which could limit our ability to differentiate from our competitors. In addition, providing multiple fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex, costly, and may not meet our guests expectations. If we are unable to offset the increased costs of new technology and expanded fulfillment options with improved performance or efficiencies, our results of operations could be adversely affected. To remain competitive, we must anticipate and adapt to developments and offerings by other retailers. Consumers may also use third-party channels or devices to initiate shopping searches and place orders, which could make us dependent on the capabilities and search algorithms of those third parties to reach those consumers. Any difficulties in executing our differentiation efforts could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If we do not anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 
 
 A large part of our business is dependent on our ability to make trend-right decisions in a broad range of merchandise categories. If we do not predict and quickly respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns, we may experience lower sales, spoilage, and increased inventory markdowns, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to predict and adapt to changing consumer preferences depends on many factors, including obtaining accurate and relevant data on guest preferences, emphasizing relevant merchandise categories, effectively managing our inventory levels, and implementing competitive and effective pricing and promotion strategies. We have not always been able to predict rapid changes in consumer preferences and spending patterns, including those that were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has previously resulted in insufficient or excess inventory, increased costs, and adverse impacts on our results of operations. If we are unable to effectively adapt to future changes in consumer preferences and spending patterns, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of Target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our guests and team members. 
 
 We believe that one of the reasons our shareholders, guests, team members, and vendors choose Target is the positive reputation we have built over many years for serving those constituencies and the communities in which we operate. To be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve Target's reputation. Our reputation is largely based on perceptions. It may be difficult to address negative publicity across media channels, regardless of whether it is accurate. Negative incidents involving us, our workforce, or others with whom we do business could quickly erode trust and confidence and result in consumer boycotts, workforce unrest or walkouts, government investigations, and litigation. Negative reputational incidents or negative perceptions of us could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including through lower sales, the termination of business relationships, loss of new store and development opportunities, and team member retention and recruiting difficulties. 
 
 In addition, stakeholder expectations regarding environmental, social, and governance matters continue to evolve and are not uniform. We have established, and may continue to establish, various goals and initiatives on these matters, including with respect to diversity, equity, and inclusion topics. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve these goals and initiatives. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve these goals and initiatives or to otherwise meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations could adversely affect our reputation and result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us. Any of these outcomes could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Reputational harm can also occur indirectly through companies with whom we do business. We have relationships with a variety of other companies, including Apple, CVS, Disney, Levi s, Starbucks, and Ulta Beauty. If our guests have negative experiences with or view unfavorably any of the companies with whom we have relationships, it could cause them to stop shopping with us. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 8 

RISK FACTORS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

If we are unable to successfully develop, source, and market our owned and exclusive brand products, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our owned and exclusive brand products represent approximately one third of our overall sales and generally carry higher margins than equivalent national brand products. If we are unable to successfully develop, source, and market our owned and exclusive brands, or if we are unable to successfully protect our related intellectual property rights, our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, our reliance on owned and exclusive brand products may also amplify other risks discussed in this Item 1A, Risk Factors, because many of these products are imported and we are more involved in the development and sourcing of those products. For example, owned brand products involve greater responsible sourcing risk in the selection of vendors, which can exacerbate reputational risk. In addition, owned brand products generally require longer lead times between order placement and product delivery and require us to take ownership of those products earlier in the supply chain. This exposes us to enhanced risks of supply chain disruptions and changing consumer preferences, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to protect against inventory shrink, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to effectively manage our inventory. We have historically experienced loss of inventory (also called shrink) due to damage, theft (including from organized retail crime), and other causes. We continue to experience elevated levels of inventory shrink relative to historical levels, which have adversely affected, and could continue to adversely affect, our results of operations and financial condition. To protect against rising inventory shrink, we have taken, and may continue to take, certain operational and strategic actions that could adversely affect our reputation, guest experience, and results of operations. In addition, sustained high rates of inventory shrink at certain stores could impact the profitability of those stores and result in the impairment of long-term assets. 
 
 Investments and Infrastructure Risks 
 
 If our capital investments do not achieve appropriate returns, our competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores and build new stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. When building new stores, we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. Pursuing the wrong remodel or new store opportunities and any delays, cost increases, or other difficulties related to those projects could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We are making, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in technology and supply chain infrastructure. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than remodeling or building new stores, and might not provide the anticipated benefits, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For example, our stores-as-hubs strategy depends on adequate replenishment facilities to receive, store, and move inventory to stores on a timely basis. Underestimating our replenishment capacity needs could result in lower in-stock levels or increased costs for temporary storage. Conversely, overestimating replenishment capacity needs could result in inefficient deployment of capital. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 9 

RISK FACTORS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

A significant disruption in our computing and information systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively affect our guests. 
 
 We rely extensively on computing and information systems throughout our business. We also rely on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet to use our systems. Our systems are subject to possible damage or interruption from many events, including power outages, telecommunications failures, malicious attacks, security breaches, and implementation errors. If our systems are damaged or disrupted, we may incur substantial costs, experience data loss or theft, and be unable to manage inventories or process guest transactions, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, in the past, we have experienced disruptions in our point-of-sale system that prevented our ability to process debit or credit transactions, which negatively impacted some guests experiences and generated negative publicity. We continually invest to maintain and update our systems, but implementing significant changes increases the risk of system disruption. Problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could adversely affect our operational efficiency and negatively impact our guests and their confidence in us. 
 
 Information Security, Cybersecurity, and Data Privacy Risks 
 
 If our efforts to maintain information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy are unsuccessful or if we are unable to meet increasingly demanding regulatory requirements, our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 We regularly receive and store information about our guests, team members, vendors, and other third parties. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents. However, we may be unable to anticipate security incidents or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware or software that we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects that could compromise information security, cybersecurity, or data privacy. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, deception, or other bad acts. Although we conduct regular training as part of our information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy efforts, that training may not be completely effective in preventing successful attacks. 
 
 Our only significant data security incident was a data breach that occurred in 2013 and went undetected for several weeks. The 2013 data breach adversely affected our reputation and results of operations. Both we and our vendors have experienced data security incidents since that data breach; however, to date, these other incidents have not been material to our results of operations. Based on the prominence and notoriety of our prior significant data breach, additional data security incidents could draw greater scrutiny. If we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience additional significant data security incidents or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant incidents, we could be exposed to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation. In addition, our guests could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, stop using our RedCards or loyalty programs, or stop shopping with us altogether, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 The legal and regulatory environment regarding information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy is dynamic and has strict requirements for using and treating personal data. Complying with current or contemplated data protection laws and regulations, or any failure to comply, could cause us to incur substantial costs, require changes to our business practices, and expose us to litigation and regulatory risks, each of which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Supply Chain and Third-Party Risks 
 
 Changes in our relationships with our vendors, changes in tax or trade policy, interruptions in our operations or supply chain, and increased commodity or supply chain costs could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. 
 
 We are dependent on our vendors, including common carriers, to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests. If our replenishment and fulfillment network does not operate properly, if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, or if common carriers have difficulty providing capacity to meet demands for their services like they experienced in recent years, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks, delays in shipping and receiving merchandise, and increased costs, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 10 

RISK FACTORS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

A large portion of the merchandise that we offer is sourced, directly or indirectly, from outside the U.S., with China as our single largest source. Any major changes in tax or trade policy between the U.S. and countries from which we source merchandise, such as the imposition of additional tariffs or duties on imported products, could require us to take certain actions, including raising prices on products we sell and seeking alternative sources of supply from vendors in other countries. Any of these actions could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. 
 
 Political or financial instability, currency fluctuations, the outbreak of pandemics or other illnesses, labor shortages, labor unrest or strikes, transport capacity and costs, inflation, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters, armed conflicts, or other events that could affect foreign trade are beyond our control and could disrupt our supply of merchandise, increase our costs, and adversely affect our results of operations. For example, there have been periodic closings and ship diversions, labor disputes, and congestion disrupting U.S. ports, including in California where we receive a significant portion of the products we source from outside the U.S. We have from time to time made alternative arrangements to continue the flow of inventory as a result of supply chain disruptions in the U.S. and other countries. If these types of events recur, it could increase our costs and adversely affect our supply of inventory. In addition, prices of fuel and other commodities that our supply chain depends on are historically volatile and subject to fluctuations based on a variety of international and domestic factors. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices, as has occurred in recent years, could further increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 If services we obtain from third parties are unavailable or fail to meet our standards, our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 We rely on third parties to support our business operations, including portions of our technology infrastructure, digital platforms, replenishment and fulfillment operations, store and supply chain infrastructure, delivery services, guest contact centers, payment processing, and extensions of credit for our RedCard program. If we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our operations or if they fail to meet our performance standards, then our reputation and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Legal, Regulatory, Global, and Other External Risks 
 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other similar public health crises, may continue to amplify the risks and uncertainties facing our business. 
 
 The long-term impacts of the social, economic, and financial disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the government responses to such disruptions are unknown. In addition, the impact on our business of the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other similar public health crises, will depend on numerous factors that we cannot accurately predict. 
 
 The long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other similar public health crises, may also continue to amplify other risks discussed in this Item 1A, Risk Factors, including risks related to macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence and spending, supply chain, information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, and our workforce, any of which could have a material effect on us. For example, the rise in remote working arrangements by our team members, vendors, and other third parties that began during the COVID-19 pandemic increases the risk of a data security compromise and has amplified our already extensive reliance on computing and information systems and unimpeded Internet access. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 11 

RISK FACTORS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Our earnings depend on the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence and spending in the U.S. 
 
 Nearly all of our sales are in the U.S., making our results highly dependent on the health of the U.S. economy and U.S. consumer confidence and spending, which can be affected by a variety of factors, including inflation, interest rates, housing prices, unemployment rates, household debt and wage levels, and credit usage. In addition, the interconnected nature of the global economy means that international events such as armed conflicts, geopolitical conflicts, public health crises, energy availability, and market volatility can all affect macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. A deterioration in U.S. macroeconomic conditions or consumer confidence or spending could adversely affect our business in many ways, including slowing sales growth, reducing overall sales, reducing gross margins, and lowering our credit card profit-sharing revenue, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions or natural disasters and the impacts of climate change could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, including the physical impacts of climate change, can affect consumer shopping patterns, particularly in apparel and seasonal items, which could lead to lower sales or greater than expected markdowns and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, we have significant operations in certain states where natural disasters are more prevalent. Natural disasters in those states or in other areas where we operate could result in significant physical damage to or closure of one or more of our stores, distribution centers, facilities, or key vendors. In addition, weather conditions, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events in areas where we or our vendors operate, or depend upon for continued operations, could adversely affect the availability and cost of certain products within our supply chain, affect consumer purchasing power, and reduce consumer demand. Any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The long-term effects of global climate change are expected to be widespread and unpredictable. The potential impacts of climate change present a variety of risks. The physical effects of climate change, such as extreme weather conditions, drought, and rising sea levels, could adversely affect our results of operations, including by increasing our energy costs, disrupting our supply chain, negatively impacting our workforce, damaging our stores, distribution centers, and inventory, and threatening the habitability of the locations in which we operate. In addition to physical risks, the potential impacts of climate change also present transition risks, including regulatory and reputational risks. For example, we use commodities and energy inputs in our operations that may face increased regulation due to climate change or other environmental concerns, which could increase our costs. Furthermore, any failure to achieve our goals with respect to reducing our impact on the environment, or perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment, could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. 
 
 We rely on a large, global, and changing workforce of team members, contractors, and temporary staffing. If we do not effectively manage our workforce, our labor costs and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 With over 400,000 team members, our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain the appropriate mix of qualified team members, contractors, and temporary staffing. Many team members are in entry-level or part-time positions with high turnover rates historically. Our ability to meet our changing labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as labor laws and regulations, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, benefit costs, changing demographics, and our reputation within the labor market. If we are unable to attract and retain a workforce meeting our needs, our operations, guest service levels, support functions, and competitiveness could suffer and our results of operations could be adversely affected. We are periodically subject to labor organizing efforts and activism, which could negatively impact how we are perceived by team members and our overall reputation. If we become subject to one or more collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could adversely affect our labor costs, how we operate our business, and our results of operations. In addition to our United States operations, we have support offices in India and China, and any extended disruption of our operations in our different locations, whether due to labor difficulties or otherwise, could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 12 

RISK FACTORS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Failure to address product safety and sourcing concerns could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 If any of our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or Target's or our guests expectations regarding safety, supply chain transparency, and responsible sourcing, we could be exposed to legal and reputational risks and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. Events that give rise to actual or perceived product safety concerns, including food or drug contamination and product defects, could expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. Our sourcing vendors, including any third parties selling through our digital channels, must also meet our expectations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency and responsible sourcing. We have a social compliance audit process that performs audits regularly, but we cannot continuously monitor every vendor, so we are also dependent on our vendors to ensure that the products we buy comply with applicable standards. If we need to seek alternative sources of supply from vendors with whom we have less familiarity, the risk of our standards not being met may increase. Negative guest perceptions regarding the safety and sourcing of the products we sell could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our failure to comply with applicable laws, or changes in these laws, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business is subject to a wide variety of complex laws and regulations. 
 
 Our expenses could increase and our operations could be adversely affected by changes in law or adverse judicial developments involving our workforce, including an employer s obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, minimum wage requirements, advance scheduling notice requirements, health care or other mandates, the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees, and the classification of workers as either employees or independent contractors. Our Shipt subsidiary is a technology company that connects Shipt members through its online marketplace with a network of independent contractors who select, purchase, and deliver groceries and household essentials ordered from Target and other retailers. The classification of workers as employees or independent contractors, in particular, is an area that is experiencing legal challenges and legislative changes. Our Shipt subsidiary has faced, and continues to face, legal challenges to its worker classification. If, as a result of judicial decisions or legislation, Shipt is required to treat its network of independent contractors as employees, we may experience higher digital fulfillment costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Changes in the legal or regulatory environment affecting any other area of our business, including information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy, product safety, or payment methods could cause our expenses to increase and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, if we fail to comply with other applicable laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws, we could be subject to legal and reputational risks, including government enforcement actions and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 
 Increases in our effective income tax rate could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Several factors influence our effective income tax rate, including tax laws and regulations, the related interpretations, and our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination. Changes in any of those factors could change our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our net income. In addition, changes in our operations both in and outside of the U.S. may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 13 

RISK FACTORS UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

If we are unable to access the capital markets or obtain bank credit, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 
 
 We are dependent on a stable, liquid, and well-functioning financial system to fund our operations and capital investments. Our continued access to financial markets depends on multiple factors including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and our credit ratings. If rating agencies lower our credit ratings, it could adversely affect our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances. Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically, and there is no guarantee that our current credit ratings will remain the same. In addition, we use a variety of derivative products to manage our exposure to market risk, principally interest rate fluctuations. Disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets could reduce our ability to fund our operations and capital investments and lead to losses on derivative positions from counterparty failures, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 14 

PROPERTIES Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Stores as of January 28, 2023 Stores Retail Square Feet (in thousands) Stores as of January 28, 2023 Stores Retail Square Feet (in thousands) Alabama 22 3,132 Montana 7 777 Alaska 3 504 Nebraska 14 2,005 Arizona 46 6,081 Nevada 18 2,262 Arkansas 9 1,165 New Hampshire 10 1,236 California 314 37,304 New Jersey 49 6,189 Colorado 45 6,361 New Mexico 10 1,185 Connecticut 21 2,732 New York 100 10,820 Delaware 4 551 North Carolina 52 6,653 District of Columbia 5 342 North Dakota 4 554 Florida 127 17,225 Ohio 65 7,863 Georgia 51 6,826 Oklahoma 15 2,167 Hawaii 8 1,234 Oregon 22 2,353 Idaho 7 725 Pennsylvania 78 9,260 Illinois 100 12,171 Rhode Island 4 517 Indiana 32 4,186 South Carolina 20 2,389 Iowa 21 2,859 South Dakota 5 580 Kansas 17 2,385 Tennessee 30 3,815 Kentucky 14 1,575 Texas 154 21,176 Louisiana 16 2,195 Utah 15 1,981 Maine 6 741 Vermont 1 60 Maryland 41 5,070 Virginia 61 7,789 Massachusetts 50 5,546 Washington 40 4,424 Michigan 54 6,300 West Virginia 6 755 Minnesota 73 10,332 Wisconsin 38 4,614 Mississippi 6 743 Wyoming 3 257 Missouri 35 4,618 Total 1,948 244,584 
 
 Stores and Supply Chain Facilities as of January 28, 2023 Stores Supply Chain Facilities (a) 
 Owned 1,530 37 Leased 261 18 Owned buildings on leased land 157 Total 1,948 55 
 (a) Supply Chain Facilities includes distribution centers and sortation centers with a total of 59.2 million square feet. 
 
 We own our corporate headquarters buildings located in and around Minneapolis, Minnesota, and we lease and own additional office space elsewhere in Minneapolis and the U.S. We also lease office space in other countries. Our properties are in good condition, well maintained, and suitable to carry on our business. 
 
 For additional information on our properties, see the Capital Expenditures section in MD A and Notes 11 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 15 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 No response is required under Item 103 of Regulation S-K. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 16 

OTHER INFORMATION Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "TGT." We are authorized to issue up to 6,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0833, and up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01. As of March 2, 2023, there were 13,187 shareholders of record. Dividends declared per share for 2022, 2021, and 2020, are disclosed in our Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Investment . 
 
 On August 11, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a 15 billion share repurchase program with no stated expiration. Under the program, we have repurchased 23.8 million shares of common at an average price of 223.52, for a total investment of 5.3 billion. As of January 28, 2023, the dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program is 9.7 billion. There were no Target common stock purchases made during the three months ended January 28, 2023 by Target or any "affiliated purchaser" of Target, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act. 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 17 

OTHER INFORMATION Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Fiscal Years Ended February 3, 2018 February 2, 2019 February 1, 2020 January 30, 2021 January 29, 2022 January 28, 2023 Target 100.00 100.82 161.87 270.17 329.06 260.13 S P 500 Index 100.00 99.94 121.49 142.45 172.36 160.94 Peer Group 100.00 104.28 126.36 175.31 183.63 156.02 
 
 The graph above compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock for the last five fiscal years with (i) the cumulative total return on the S P 500 Index and (ii) the peer group consisting of 19 online, general merchandise, department stores, food, and specialty retailers (Albertsons Companies, Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., Best Buy Co., Inc., Costco Wholesale Corporation, CVS Health Corporation, Dollar General Corporation, Dollar Tree, Inc., The Gap, Inc., The Home Depot, Inc., Kohl's Corporation, The Kroger Co., Lowe's Companies, Inc., Macy's, Inc., Nordstrom, Inc., Rite Aid Corporation, Ross Stores, Inc., The TJX Companies, Inc., Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., and Walmart Inc.) (Peer Group). The Peer Group is consistent with the retail peer group described in our definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 14, 2023, excluding Publix Super Markets, Inc., which is not quoted on a public stock exchange. 
 
 The peer group is weighted by the market capitalization of each component company. The graph assumes the investment of 100 in Target common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the Peer Group on February 3, 2018, and reinvestment of all dividends. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 18 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW FINANCIAL SUMMARY Index to Financial Statements 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Executive Overview 
 
 We continue to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. During 2022, in support of our enterprise strategy described in Item 1 on page 2 of this Form 10-K, we 
 
 Expanded our supply chain capacity and digital fulfillment capabilities, including adding one new distribution center and six new sortation centers to support our growth and commitment to fast delivery times, while helping our teams work more efficiently and managing our shipping costs; 
 Fulfilled over 50 percent of our digital sales through our same-day fulfillment options: Order Pickup, Drive Up, and delivery via Shipt; 
 Continued the steady stream of newness across our assortment and continued to introduce new owned and exclusive brands, including fashion forward brands Future Collective TM and Houston White x Target; 
 Completed 140 full store remodels and invested in hundreds of other stores through projects to increase efficiency of our Same-Day Services, build-out and open Ulta Beauty shop-in-shops, and expand Apple and Disney experiences; 
 Opened 23 new stores, including a new larger-footprint store with reimagined design elements and additional stores in key urban markets and on college campuses; 
 Invested in our team through our updated starting wage range, expanded access to health care benefits, and our debt-free education assistance program; 
 Offered compelling promotions, attractive every day price points on key items, and free and easy payment and fulfillment options, including our new RedCard Reloadable Account, which provides all the benefits of our RedCard program without the need for a credit check or an existing bank account; and 
 Launched Target Zero, a collection of products designed to reduce waste and make it easier to shop sustainably, and completed retrofitting our first store designed to be net zero energy, located in Vista, California. 

Financial Summary 
 
 2022 included the following notable items: 
 
 GAAP diluted earnings per share were 5.98. 
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share were 6.02. 
 Total revenue increased 2.9 percent, reflecting total sales growth of 2.8 percent and a 9.8 percent increase in other revenue. 
 Comparable sales increased 2.2 percent, driven by a 2.1 percent increase in traffic. 
 Comparable store originated sales grew 2.4 percent. 
 Comparable digitally originated sales increased 1.5 percent. 
 Operating income of 3.8 billion was 57.0 percent lower than the comparable prior-year period. See Business Environment below for additional information. 
 
 Sales were 107.6 billion for 2022, an increase of 3.0 billion, or 2.8 percent, from the prior year. Operating cash flow was 4.0 billion for 2022, a decrease of (4.6) billion, or (53.4) percent, from 8.6 billion for 2021. The drivers of the operating cash flow decrease are described on page 27 . 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 19 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 FINANCIAL SUMMARY ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS Index to Financial Statements 

Earnings Per Share 
 Percent Change 2022 2021 2020 2022/2021 2021/2020 GAAP diluted earnings per share 5.98 14.10 8.64 (57.6) 63.1 Adjustments 0.03 (0.53) 0.78 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 6.02 13.56 9.42 (55.7) 44.0 
 Note: Amounts may not foot due to rounding. Adjusted diluted earnings per share (Adjusted EPS), a non-GAAP metric, excludes the impact of certain items. Management believes that Adjusted EPS is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our operations. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP measures is provided on page 24 . 
 
 We report after-tax return on invested capital (ROIC) because we believe ROIC provides a meaningful measure of our capital-allocation effectiveness over time. For the trailing twelve months ended January 28, 2023, after-tax ROIC was 12.6 percent, compared with 33.1 percent for the trailing twelve months ended January 29, 2022. The calculation of ROIC is provided on page 26 . 
 
 Business Environment 
 
 Following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, we experienced strong comparable sales growth and significant volatility in our category and channel mix, which continued through 2021, along with increasing supply chain disruptions. In addition to country of origin production delays, trucker and dockworker shortages, a broad-based surge in consumer demand, and other factors led to industry-wide U.S. port and ground transportation delays. In response to the rising guest demand and supply chain constraints, we took various actions, including ordering merchandise earlier, securing ocean freight routes, adding incremental holding capacity near U.S. ports, and increasing use of air transport for certain merchandise. Some of these supply chain disruptions and resulting actions resulted in increased costs. 
 
 In 2022, our comparable sales growth slowed significantly, reflecting sales decreases in our Discretionary categories (Apparel Accessories, Hardlines, and Home Furnishings Decor) that substantially offset growth in our Frequency categories (Beauty Household Essentials and Food Beverage). In response to this shift in demand, we took several actions to address our inventory position and create additional flexibility in a rapidly changing environment, including increasing promotional and clearance markdowns, removing excess inventory, and cancelling purchase orders. In addition, during the second half of 2022, port congestion, shipping container availability, and other supply chain pressures improved. This resulted in some inventory arriving earlier than anticipated, which resulted in increased costs of managing elevated inventory levels and an increased working capital investment. These factors, net of the impact of retail price increases taken to address merchandise and freight cost inflation, resulted in decreased profitability compared to the prior year. The Gross Margin Rate analysis on page 23 and Inventory section on page 27 provide additional information. 
 
 Sale of Dermstore 
 
 In February 2021, we sold Dermstore LLC (Dermstore) for 356 million in cash and recognized a 335 million pretax gain, which is included in Net Other (Income) / Expense. Dermstore represented less than 1 percent of our consolidated revenues, operating income and net assets. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 20 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS Index to Financial Statements 

Analysis of Results of Operations 
 
 Summary of Operating Income Percent Change (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022/2021 2021/2020 Sales 107,588 104,611 92,400 2.8 13.2 Other revenue 1,532 1,394 1,161 9.8 20.2 Total revenue 109,120 106,005 93,561 2.9 13.3 Cost of sales 82,229 74,963 66,177 9.7 13.3 SG A expenses 20,658 19,752 18,615 4.6 6.1 Depreciation and amortization (exclusive of depreciation included in cost of sales) 
 2,385 2,344 2,230 1.8 5.1 Operating income 3,848 8,946 6,539 (57.0) 36.8 
 
 Rate Analysis 2022 2021 2020 Gross margin rate 23.6 28.3 28.4 SG A expense rate 18.9 18.6 19.9 Depreciation and amortization (exclusive of depreciation included in cost of sales) expense rate 
 2.2 2.2 2.4 Operating income margin rate 3.5 8.4 7.0 
 Note: Gross margin rate is calculated as gross margin (sales less cost of sales) divided by sales. All other rates are calculated by dividing the applicable amount by total revenue. 
 
 A discussion regarding Analysis of Results of Operations and Analysis of Financial Condition for 2021, as compared to 2020, is included in Part II, Item 7, MD A to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 

Sales 
 
 Sales include all merchandise sales, net of expected returns, and our estimate of gift card breakage. Note 3 to the Financial Statements defines gift card "breakage." We use comparable sales to evaluate the performance of our stores and digital channel sales by measuring the change in sales for a period over the comparable, prior-year period of equivalent length. Comparable sales include all sales, except sales from stores open less than 13 months, digital acquisitions we have owned less than 13 months, stores that have been closed, and digital acquisitions that we no longer operate. Comparable sales measures vary across the retail industry. As a result, our comparable sales calculation is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Digitally originated sales include all sales initiated through mobile applications and our websites. Our stores fulfill the majority of digitally originated sales, including shipment from stores to guests, store Order Pickup or Drive Up, and delivery via Shipt. Digitally originated sales may also be fulfilled through our distribution centers, our vendors, or other third parties. 
 
 Sales growth from both comparable sales and new stores represents an important driver of our long-term profitability. We expect that comparable sales growth will drive the majority of our total sales growth. We believe that our ability to successfully differentiate our guests shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will over the long-term drive both increasing shopping frequency (number of transactions, or "traffic") and the amount spent each visit (average transaction amount). 
 
 Comparable Sales 2022 2021 2020 Comparable sales change 2.2 12.7 19.3 Drivers of change in comparable sales Number of transactions (traffic) 2.1 12.3 3.7 Average transaction amount 0.1 0.4 15.0 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 21 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS Index to Financial Statements 

Comparable Sales by Channel 2022 2021 2020 Stores originated comparable sales change 2.4 11.0 7.2 Digitally originated comparable sales change 1.5 20.8 144.7 
 
 Sales by Channel 2022 2021 2020 Stores originated 81.4 81.1 82.1 Digitally originated 18.6 18.9 17.9 Total 100 100 100 
 
 Sales by Fulfillment Channel 2022 2021 2020 Stores 96.7 96.4 96.0 Other 3.3 3.6 4.0 Total 100 100 100 
 Note: Sales fulfilled by stores include in-store purchases and digitally originated sales fulfilled by shipping merchandise from stores to guests, Order Pickup, Drive Up, and Shipt. 
 
 Part I, Item 1 , Business of this Form 10-K and Note 3 to the Financial Statements provides additional product category sales information. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix, and transfer of sales to new stores makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. 
 
 TD Bank Group offers credit to qualified guests through Target-branded credit cards: the Target Credit Card and the Target MasterCard Credit Card (Target Credit Cards). Additionally, we offer a branded proprietary Target Debit Card and RedCard Reloadable Account. Collectively, we refer to these products as RedCards . Guests receive a 5 percent discount on virtually all purchases when they use a RedCard at Target. We monitor the percentage of purchases that are paid for using RedCards (RedCard Penetration) because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our RedCards are also incremental sales for Target. For the years ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021, total RedCard Penetration was 19.8 percent, 20.5 percent, and 21.5 percent, respectively. 

TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 22 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS Index to Financial Statements 

Gross Margin Rate 

Our gross margin rate was 23.6 percent in 2022 and 28.3 percent in 2021. This decrease reflected the net impact of 
 merchandising pressure, including 
 higher clearance and promotional markdown rates, including the impact of inventory impairments and other actions taken in our Discretionary categories; and 
 higher merchandise and freight costs, partially offset by the benefit of retail price increases; 
 supply chain pressure related to increased compensation and headcount in our distribution centers, investments in new facilities, and costs of managing excess inventory; 
 higher inventory shrink; and 
 favorable mix in the relative growth rates of higher and lower margin categories. 

Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) Expense Rate 
 
 Our SG A expense rate was 18.9 percent in 2022, compared with 18.6 percent in 2021, reflecting the net impact of cost increases across our business, including investments in hourly team member wages, partially offset by lower incentive compensation in 2022 compared to the prior year. 

Store Data 
 
 Change in Number of Stores 2022 2021 Beginning store count 1,926 1,897 Opened 23 32 Closed (1) (3) Ending store count 1,948 1,926 
 
 Number of Stores and Retail Square Feet Number of Stores Retail Square Feet (a) 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 170,000 or more sq. ft. 274 274 48,985 49,071 50,000 to 169,999 sq. ft. 1,527 1,516 191,241 190,205 49,999 or less sq. ft. 147 136 4,358 4,008 Total 1,948 1,926 244,584 243,284 
 (a) In thousands; reflects total square feet less office, distribution center, and vacant space. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 23 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS Index to Financial Statements 

Other Performance Factors 
 
 Net Interest Expense 
 
 Net interest expense was 478 million for 2022, compared with 421 million for 2021. The increase in net interest expense was primarily due to higher average debt and commercial paper levels in 2022 compared with 2021. 

Net Other (Income) / Expense 
 
 Net Other (Income) / Expense was (48) million and (382) million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 2021 included the 335 million gain on the February 2021 sale of Dermstore. 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 Our 2022 effective income tax rate was 18.7 percent compared with 22.0 percent in 2021. The decrease reflects lower pretax earnings in the current year and the impacts of discrete tax benefits. Our effective tax rate is generally more volatile at lower amounts of pretax income because the impact of discrete, deductible and nondeductible tax items and credits is greater. 
 
 Note 18 to the Financial Statements provides additional information. 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures to GAAP Measures 
 
 To provide additional transparency, we have disclosed non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share (Adjusted EPS). This metric excludes certain items presented below. We believe this information is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our operations. This measure is not in accordance with, or an alternative to, generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (GAAP). The most comparable GAAP measure is diluted earnings per share. Adjusted EPS should not be considered in isolation or as a substitution for analysis of our results as reported in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate Adjusted EPS differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of the measure for comparisons with other companies. 
 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Adjusted EPS 2022 2021 2020 (millions, except per share data) Pretax Net of Tax Per Share Amounts Pretax Net of Tax Per Share Amounts Pretax Net of Tax Per Share Amounts GAAP diluted earnings per share 
 5.98 14.10 8.64 Adjustments Gain on Dermstore Sale (335) (269) (0.55) Loss on debt extinguishment 512 379 0.75 Loss on investment (a) 
 19 14 0.03 Other (b) 
 20 15 0.03 9 7 0.01 28 20 0.04 Income tax matters (c) 
 (21) (0.04) Adjusted diluted earnings per share 
 6.02 13.56 9.42 
 Note: Amounts may not foot due to rounding. 
 (a) Represents a loss on our investment in Casper Sleep Inc., which is not core to our operations. 
 (b) Other items unrelated to current period operations, none of which were individually significant. 
 (c) Represents benefits from the resolution of certain income tax matters unrelated to current period operations. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 24 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES Index to Financial Statements 

Earnings before interest expense and income taxes (EBIT) and earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these measures provide meaningful information about our operational efficiency compared with our competitors by excluding the impact of differences in tax jurisdictions and structures, debt levels, and for EBITDA, capital investment. These measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP. The most comparable GAAP measure is net earnings. EBIT and EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitution for analysis of our results as reported in accordance with GAAP. Other companies may calculate EBIT and EBITDA differently, limiting the usefulness of the measures for comparisons with other companies. 
 
 EBIT and EBITDA Percent Change (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022/2021 2021/2020 Net earnings 2,780 6,946 4,368 (60.0) 59.0 + Provision for income taxes 638 1,961 1,178 (67.5) 66.5 + Net interest expense 478 421 977 13.4 (56.9) EBIT 
 3,896 9,328 6,523 (58.2) 43.0 + Total depreciation and amortization (a) 
 2,700 2,642 2,485 2.2 6.3 EBITDA 
 6,596 11,970 9,008 (44.9) 32.9 
 (a) Represents total depreciation and amortization, including amounts classified within Depreciation and Amortization and within Cost of Sales. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 25 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES Index to Financial Statements 

We have also disclosed after-tax ROIC, which is a ratio based on GAAP information, with the exception of the add-back of operating lease interest to operating income. We believe this metric is useful in assessing the effectiveness of our capital allocation over time. Other companies may calculate ROIC differently, limiting the usefulness of the measure for comparisons with other companies. 
 
 After-Tax Return on Invested Capital (dollars in millions) Trailing Twelve Months Numerator 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Operating income 
 3,848 8,946 + Net other income / (expense) 48 382 EBIT 3,896 9,328 + Operating lease interest (a) 
 93 87 - Income taxes (b) 
 744 2,073 Net operating profit after taxes 3,245 7,342 
 Denominator 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 January 30, 2021 Current portion of long-term debt and other borrowings 130 171 1,144 + Noncurrent portion of long-term debt 16,009 13,549 11,536 + Shareholders' investment 11,232 12,827 14,440 + Operating lease liabilities (c) 
 2,934 2,747 2,429 - Cash and cash equivalents 2,229 5,911 8,511 Invested capital 28,076 23,383 21,038 Average invested capital (d) 
 25,729 22,210 
 After-tax return on invested capital 12.6 33.1 
 (a) Represents the add-back to operating income driven by the hypothetical interest expense we would incur if the property under our operating leases were owned or accounted for as finance leases. Calculated using the discount rate for each lease and recorded as a component of rent expense within SG A Expenses. Operating lease interest is added back to operating income in the ROIC calculation to control for differences in capital structure between us and our competitors. 
 (b) Calculated using the effective tax rates, which were 18.7 percent and 22.0 percent for the trailing twelve months ended January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. For the trailing twelve months ended January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, includes tax effect of 0.7 billion and 2.1 billion, respectively, related to EBIT, and 17 million and 19 million, respectively, related to operating lease interest. 
 (c) Total short-term and long-term operating lease liabilities included within Accrued and Other Current Liabilities and Noncurrent Operating Lease Liabilities, respectively. 
 (d) Average based on the invested capital at the end of the current period and the invested capital at the end of the comparable prior period. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 26 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION Index to Financial Statements 

Analysis of Financial Condition 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Capital Allocation 
 
 We follow a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation based on the following priorities, ranked in order of importance: first, we fully invest in opportunities to profitably grow our business, create sustainable long-term value, and maintain our current operations and assets; second, we maintain a competitive quarterly dividend and seek to grow it annually; and finally, we return any excess cash to shareholders by repurchasing shares within the limits of our credit rating goals. 
 
 Our year-end cash and cash equivalents balance decreased to 2.2 billion from 5.9 billion in 2021. Our cash and cash equivalents balance includes short-term investments of 1.3 billion and 5.0 billion as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. This policy allows investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments that mature in 60 days or less. We also place dollar limits on our investments in individual funds or instruments. 

Operating Cash Flows 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 4.0 billion in 2022 compared with 8.6 billion in 2021. For 2022, operating cash flows decreased as a result of lower earnings and lower accounts payable leverage, partially offset by decreased inventory investment, compared with 2021. 

Inventory 
 
 Year-end inventory was 13.5 billion, compared with 13.9 billion in 2021. The decrease in inventory levels primarily reflects the following: 
 decreased in-transit and late-arriving inventory as lead times improved, 
 investments in our inventory position in our Frequency categories, offsetting reductions in our Discretionary categories, and 
 increases in unit costs across all of our categories. 
 
 The Business Environment section on page 20 provides additional information. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 27 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION Index to Financial Statements 

Capital Expenditures 

Note: Amounts may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 Capital expenditures increased in 2022 from the prior year as we invested in our strategic initiatives, including an increase in investments in both stores and in our supply chain. The increase also reflects the impact of inflation on these projects. Beyond full-store remodels, we invested in optimizing front-end space in high-volume locations to increase the efficiency of our Same-Day Services, and built-out and opened approximately 250 Ulta Beauty shop-in-shops. We have completed over 1,000 full-store remodels since the launch of the current program in 2017, including 140 in 2022. 
 
 In addition to these cash investments, we entered into leases related to new stores in 2022, 2021, and 2020 with total future minimum lease payments of 319 million, 401 million, and 764 million, respectively, and new leases related to our supply chain with total future minimum lease payments of 1.6 billion, 226 million, and 442 million, respectively. 
 
 We expect capital expenditures in 2023 of approximately 4.0 billion to 5.0 billion to support full-store remodels and other existing store investments, new stores, and supply chain projects. Supply chain projects will add replenishment capacity and modernize our network, including the use of sortation centers to enhance our last-mile delivery capabilities. We expect to complete approximately 70 full-store remodels, open about 20 new stores, and add additional Ulta Beauty shop-in-shops during 2023. Additionally, we will continue to invest in optimizing front-end space. We also expect to continue to invest in new store and supply chain leases. 

Dividends 
 
 We paid dividends totaling 1.8 billion 3.96 per share) in 2022 and 1.5 billion 3.16 per share) in 2021, a per share increase of 25.3 percent. We declared dividends totaling 1.9 billion 4.14 per share) in 2022 and 1.7 billion 3.38 per share) in 2021, a per share increase of 22.5 percent. We have paid dividends every quarter since our 1967 initial public offering and it is our intent to continue to do so in the future. 

Share Repurchases 
 
 During 2022 and 2021 we returned 2.6 billion and 7.2 billion, respectively, to shareholders through share repurchase. See Part II , Item 5 , Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Note 20 to the Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 28 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION Index to Financial Statements 

Financing 
 
 Our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, to maintain a balanced spectrum of debt maturities, and to manage our net exposure to floating interest rate volatility. Within these parameters, we seek to minimize our borrowing costs. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity. Our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. As of January 28, 2023, our credit ratings were as follows: 
 
 Credit Ratings Moody's Standard and Poor's Fitch Long-term debt A2 A A Commercial paper P-1 A-1 F1 
 
 If our credit ratings were lowered, our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances could be adversely impacted. Each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically and there is no guarantee our current credit ratings will remain the same as described above. 
 
 In 2022, we issued 2.7 billion of debt, and we repaid 62 million of debt at maturity. 
 
 In 2022, we obtained a new committed 1.0 billion 364-day unsecured revolving credit facility that will expire in October 2023. We also extended our existing committed 3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, which now expires in October 2027. No balances were outstanding under either credit facility at any time during 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Most of our long-term debt obligations contain covenants related to secured debt levels. In addition to a secured debt level covenant, our credit facilities also contain a debt leverage covenant. We are, and expect to remain, in compliance with these covenants. Additionally, as of January 28, 2023, no notes or debentures contained provisions requiring acceleration of payment upon a credit rating downgrade, except that certain outstanding notes allow the note holders to put the notes to us if within a matter of months of each other we experience both (i) a change in control and (ii) our long-term credit ratings are either reduced and the resulting rating is non-investment grade, or our long-term credit ratings are placed on watch for possible reduction and those ratings are subsequently reduced and the resulting rating is non-investment grade. 
 
 Note 15 to the Financial Statements provides additional information. 

Future Cash Requirements 
 
 We enter into contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business that may require future cash payments. Such obligations include, but are not limited to, purchase commitments, debt service, leasing arrangements, and liabilities related to deferred compensation and pensions. The Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements provide additional information. 
 
 We believe our sources of liquidity, namely operating cash flows, credit facility capacity, and access to capital markets, will continue to be adequate to meet our contractual obligations, working capital and capital expenditure requirements, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts. In the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements , we describe the significant accounting policies used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Our management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the Audit Risk Committee of our Board of Directors. The following items require significant estimation or judgment: 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 29 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION Index to Financial Statements 

Inventory and cost of sales: The vast majority of our inventory is accounted for under the retail inventory accounting method using the last-in, first-out method (LIFO). Our inventory is valued at the lower of LIFO cost or market. We reduce inventory for estimated losses related to shrink and markdowns. Our shrink estimate is based on historical losses verified by physical inventory counts. Historically, our actual physical inventory count results have shown our estimates to be reliable. Market adjustments for markdowns are recorded when the salability of the merchandise has diminished. Salability can be impacted by consumer preferences and seasonality, among other factors. We believe the risk of inventory obsolescence is largely mitigated because our inventory typically turns in less than three months. Inventory was 13.5 billion and 13.9 billion as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively, and is further described in Note 9 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Vendor income: We receive various forms of consideration from our vendors (vendor income), principally earned as a result of volume rebates, markdown allowances, promotions, and advertising allowances. Substantially all vendor income is recorded as a reduction of cost of sales. Vendor income earned can vary based on a number of factors, including purchase volumes, sales volumes, and our pricing and promotion strategies. 
 
 We establish a receivable for vendor income that is earned but not yet received. Based on historical trending and data, this receivable is computed by forecasting vendor income collections and estimating the amount earned. The majority of the year-end vendor income receivables are collected within the following fiscal quarter, and we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that the assumptions used in our estimate will change significantly. Historically, adjustments to our vendor income receivable have not been material. Vendor income receivable was 526 million and 518 million as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. Vendor income is described further in Note 5 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Long-lived assets: Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed primarily at the store level. An impairment loss is recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and/or eventual disposition of the asset or asset group is less than its carrying amount, and is measured as the excess of its carrying amount over fair value. We estimate fair value by obtaining market appraisals, obtaining valuations from third-party brokers, or using other valuation techniques. We recorded impairments of 66 million, 87 million, and 62 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which are described further in Note 11 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Insurance/self-insurance: We retain a substantial portion of the risk related to certain general liability, workers' compensation, property loss, and team member medical and dental claims. However, we maintain stop-loss coverage to limit the exposure related to certain risks. Liabilities associated with these losses include estimates of both claims filed and losses incurred but not yet reported. We use actuarial methods which consider a number of factors to estimate our ultimate cost of losses. General liability and workers' compensation liabilities are recorded based on our estimate of their net present value; other liabilities referred to above are not discounted. Our workers' compensation and general liability accrual was 560 million and 519 million as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. We believe that the amounts accrued are appropriate; however, our liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences or loss developments differ from our assumptions. For example, a 5 percent increase or decrease in average claim costs would have impacted our self-insurance expense by 28 million in 2022. Historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. Refer to Part II , Item 7A , Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk , for further disclosure of the market risks associated with these exposures. We maintain insurance coverage to limit our exposure to certain events, including network security matters. 
 
 Income taxes: We pay income taxes based on the tax statutes, regulations, and case law of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items, and in evaluating the ultimate resolution of tax matters in dispute with tax authorities. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in our financial statements only after determining it is likely the uncertain tax positions would withstand challenge by taxing authorities. We periodically reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. Gross uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, were 241 million and 138 million as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. We believe the resolution of these matters will not materially affect our consolidated financial statements. Income taxes are described further in Note 18 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 30 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS Index to Financial Statements 

Pension accounting: We maintain a funded qualified defined benefit pension plan, as well as nonqualified and international pension plans that are generally unfunded, for certain current and retired team members. The costs for these plans are determined based on actuarial calculations using the assumptions described in the following paragraphs. Eligibility and the level of benefits vary depending on each team member's full-time or part-time status, date of hire, age, length of service, and/or compensation. The benefit obligation and related expense for these plans are determined based on actuarial calculations using assumptions about the expected long-term rate of return, the discount rate, compensation growth rates, mortality, and retirement age. These assumptions, with adjustments made for any significant plan or participant changes, are used to determine the period-end benefit obligation and establish expense for the next year. 
 
 Our 2022 expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 5.60 percent was determined by the portfolio composition, historical long-term investment performance, and current market conditions. A 1 percentage point decrease in our expected long-term rate of return would increase annual expense by 42 million. 
 
 The discount rate used to determine benefit obligations is adjusted annually based on the interest rate for long-term high-quality corporate bonds, using yields for maturities that are in line with the duration of our pension liabilities. Our benefit obligation and related expense will fluctuate with changes in interest rates. A 1 percentage point decrease in the weighted average discount rate would increase annual expense by 59 million. 
 
 Based on our experience, we use a graduated compensation growth schedule that assumes higher compensation growth for younger, shorter-service pension-eligible team members than it does for older, longer-service pension-eligible team members. 
 
 Pension benefits are further described in Note 23 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 Legal and other contingencies: We believe the accruals recorded in our consolidated financial statements properly reflect loss exposures that are both probable and reasonably estimable. We do not believe any of the currently identified claims or litigation will materially affect our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, it may cause a material adverse impact on the results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition for the period in which the ruling occurs, or future periods. Refer to Note 14 to the Financial Statements for further information on contingencies. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 We do not expect that any recently issued accounting pronouncements will have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 31 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Table of Contents 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES Index to Financial Statements 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements, which are based on our current assumptions and expectations. These statements are typically accompanied by the words "expect," "may," "could," "believe," "would," "might," "anticipates," or similar words. The principal forward-looking statements in this report include: our financial performance, statements regarding the adequacy of and costs associated with our sources of liquidity, the funding of debt maturities, the execution of our share repurchase program, our expected capital expenditures and new lease commitments, the expected compliance with debt covenants, the expected impact of new accounting pronouncements, our intentions regarding future dividends, the expected contributions and payments related to our pension plan, the expected return on plan assets, the expected timing and recognition of compensation expenses, the adequacy of our reserves for general liability, workers' compensation, and property loss, the expected outcome of, and adequacy of our reserves for claims, litigation, and the resolution of tax matters, our expectations regarding our contractual obligations, liabilities, and vendor income, the expected ability to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities and the timing of such recognition, our expectations regarding arrangements with our partners, and changes in our assumptions and expectations. 
 
 All such forward-looking statements are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Although we believe there is a reasonable basis for the forward-looking statements, our actual results could be materially different. The most important factors which could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are set forth in our description of risk factors included in Part I , Item 1A , Risk Factors to this Form 10-K, which should be read in conjunction with the forward-looking statements in this report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, our exposure to market risk was primarily from interest rate changes on our debt obligations and short-term investments, some of which are at a London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). Our interest rate exposure is primarily due to differences between our floating rate debt obligations compared to our floating rate short-term investments. As of January 28, 2023, our floating rate debt exceeded our floating rate short-term investments by approximately 1.2 billion. Based on our balance sheet position as of January 28, 2023, the annualized effect of a 0.1 percentage point increase in floating interest rates on our floating rate debt obligations, net of our floating rate short-term investments, would decrease our earnings before income taxes by 1 million. In general, we expect our floating rate debt to exceed our floating rate short-term investments over time, but that may vary in different interest rate and economic environments. See further description of our debt and derivative instruments in Notes 15 and 16 to the Financial Statements. 
 
 The United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority has announced the intent to phase out LIBOR by June 2023. We do not expect the phase out to materially impact our financial statements, liquidity, or access to capital markets. 
 
 We record our general liability and workers' compensation liabilities at net present value; therefore, these liabilities fluctuate with changes in interest rates. Based on our balance sheet position as of January 28, 2023, the annualized effect of a 0.5 percentage point increase/(decrease) in interest rates would increase/(decrease) earnings before income taxes by 7 million. 
 
 In addition, we are exposed to market return fluctuations on our qualified defined benefit pension plan. The value of our pension liabilities is inversely related to changes in interest rates. A 1 percentage point decrease in the weighted average discount rate would increase annual expense by 59 million. To protect against declines in interest rates, we hold high-quality, long-duration bonds and derivative instruments in our pension plan trust. As of January 28, 2023, we had hedged 70 percent of the interest rate exposure of our plan liabilities. 
 
 As more fully described in Note 22 to the Financial Statements, we are exposed to market returns on accumulated team member balances in our nonqualified, unfunded deferred compensation plans. We control the risk of offering the nonqualified plans by making investments in life insurance contracts and prepaid forward contracts on our own common stock that substantially offset our economic exposure to the returns on these plans. 
 
 There have been no other material changes in our primary risk exposures or management of market risks since the prior year. 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 32 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 INDEX Index to Financial Statements 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 34 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 40 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Investment 
 41 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 
 Note 1 
 Summary of Accounting Policies 
 42 
 Note 2 
 Dermstore Sale 
 42 
 Note 3 
 Revenues 
 43 
 Note 4 
 Cost of Sales and Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 44 
 Note 5 
 Consideration Received from Vendors 
 45 
 Note 6 
 Advertising Costs 
 45 
 Note 7 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 45 
 Note 8 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 46 
 Note 9 
 Inventory 
 46 
 Note 10 
 Other Current Assets 
 46 
 Note 11 
 Property and Equipment 
 47 
 Note 12 
 Other Noncurrent Assets 
 47 
 Note 13 
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 
 48 
 Note 14 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 48 
 Note 15 
 Commercial Paper and Long-Term Debt 
 49 
 Note 16 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 50 
 Note 17 
 Leases 
 51 
 Note 18 
 Incomes Taxes 
 53 
 Note 19 
 Other Noncurrent Liabilities 
 55 
 Note 20 
 Share Repurchase 
 55 
 Note 21 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 55 
 Note 22 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 57 
 Note 23 
 Pension Plans 
 58 
 Note 24 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 62 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 33 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 REPORTS Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Management on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Management is responsible for the consistency, integrity, and presentation of the information in the Annual Report. The consolidated financial statements and other information presented in this Annual Report have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and include necessary judgments and estimates by management. 
 To fulfill our responsibility, we maintain comprehensive systems of internal control designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with established procedures. The concept of reasonable assurance is based upon recognition that the cost of the controls should not exceed the benefit derived. We believe our systems of internal control provide this reasonable assurance. 
 The Board of Directors exercised its oversight role with respect to the Corporation's systems of internal control primarily through its Audit Risk Committee, which is comprised of independent directors. The Committee oversees the Corporation's systems of internal control, accounting practices, financial reporting and audits to assess whether their quality, integrity, and objectivity are sufficient to protect shareholders' investments. 
 In addition, our consolidated financial statements have been audited by Ernst Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, whose report also appears on this page. /s/ Brian C. Cornell /s/ Michael J. Fiddelke 
 Brian C. Cornell Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2023 Michael J. Fiddelke Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Target Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Target Corporation (the Corporation) as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders' investment for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 34 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 REPORTS Index to Financial Statements 

Valuation of Inventory and related Cost of Sales 
 Description of the Matter 
 At January 28, 2023, the Corporation s inventory was 13,499 million. As described in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Corporation accounts for the vast majority of its inventory under the retail inventory accounting method (RIM) using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method. RIM is an averaging method that has been widely used in the retail industry due to its practicality. Under RIM, inventory cost and the resulting gross margins are calculated by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the inventory retail value. 
 Auditing inventory requires extensive audit effort including significant involvement of more experienced audit team members, including the involvement of our information technology (IT) professionals, given the relatively higher level of automation impacting the inventory process including the involvement of multiple information systems used to capture the high volume of transactions processed by the Corporation. Further, the inventory process is supported by a number of automated and IT dependent controls that elevate the importance of the IT general controls that support the underlying information systems utilized to process transactions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Corporation s inventory process, including the underlying IT general controls. For example, we tested automated controls performed by the Corporation s information systems and controls over the completeness of data transfers between information systems used in performing the Corporation s RIM calculation. Our audit procedures included, among others, testing the processing scenarios of the automated controls by evaluating configuration settings and performing a transaction walkthrough for each scenario. Our audit procedures also included, among others, testing the key inputs into the RIM calculation, including purchases, sales, shortage, and price changes (markdowns) by comparing the key inputs back to source information such as third-party vendor invoices, third-party inventory count information and cash receipts. We also performed analytical procedures. For example, we performed predictive markdown analytics based on inquiries held with members of the merchant organization to assess the level of price changes within each category. In addition, we tested the existence of inventories by observing physical inventory counts for a sample of stores and distribution centers. 
 Valuation of Vendor Income Receivable 
 Description of the Matter 
 At January 28, 2023, the Corporation s vendor income receivable totaled 526 million. As discussed in Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements, the Corporation receives consideration for a variety of vendor-sponsored programs, which are primarily recorded as a reduction of cost of sales when earned. The Corporation records a receivable for amounts earned but not yet received. 
 Auditing the Corporation's vendor income receivable was complex due to the estimation required in measuring the receivable. The estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as forecasted vendor income collections, and estimating the time period over which the collections have been earned, which is primarily based on historical trending and data. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Corporation s vendor income receivable process, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. 
 To test the estimated vendor income receivable, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the estimation methodology used by management and evaluating the forecasted vendor income collections and the time period over which collections have been earned as used in the receivable estimation model. For a sample of the vendor rebates and concessions, we evaluated the nature and source of the inputs used and the terms of the contractual agreements. We recalculated the amount of the vendor income earned based on the inputs and the terms of the agreements. In addition, we recalculated the time period over which the vendor income collection had been earned to assess the accuracy of management s estimates. We also performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the significance of changes in the receivable that would result from changes in assumptions. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Corporation's auditor since 1931. 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 March 8, 2023 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 35 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 REPORTS Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on our assessment, we conclude that the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who has also audited our consolidated financial statements, as stated in their report which appears on this page. /s/ Brian C. Cornell /s/ Michael J. Fiddelke 
 Brian C. Cornell Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2023 Michael J. Fiddelke Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Target Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Target Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Target Corporation (the Corporation) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial position of the Corporation as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and shareholders' investment for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated March 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Corporation s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 8, 2023 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 36 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 (millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Sales Other revenue Total revenue Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expenses Depreciation and amortization (exclusive of depreciation included in cost of sales) 
 Operating income 
 Net interest expense Net other (income) / expense ) ) Earnings before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net earnings Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted Antidilutive shares 
 Note: Per share amounts may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 37 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 
 (millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive income / (loss), net of tax 
 Pension benefit liabilities 
 ) Currency translation adjustment and cash flow hedges 
 Other comprehensive income 
 Comprehensive income 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 38 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
 
 (millions, except footnotes) January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Inventory Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment Land Buildings and improvements Fixtures and equipment Computer hardware and software Construction-in-progress Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and shareholders' investment Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt and other borrowings Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt and other borrowings Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other noncurrent liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Shareholders' investment Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' investment Total liabilities and shareholders' investment 
 Common Stock Authorized shares, par value; shares issued and outstanding as of January 28, 2023; shares issued and outstanding as of January 29, 2022. 
 
 Preferred Stock Authorized shares, par value; shares were issued or outstanding during any period presented. 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 39 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 (millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net earnings 
 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by operations: Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) Gain on Dermstore sale ) Loss on debt extinguishment Noncash losses / (gains) and other, net 
 Changes in operating accounts: Inventory ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other liabilities ) ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Expenditures for property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment Proceeds from Dermstore sale Other investments Cash required for investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities Additions to long-term debt Reductions of long-term debt ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchase of stock ) ) ) Stock option exercises Cash required for financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental information Interest paid, net of capitalized interest Income taxes paid Leased assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 40 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Investment 
 (millions) Common Stock Shares Stock Par Value Additional Paid-in Capital Retained 
 Earnings 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 (Loss) / Income 
 Total February 1, 2020 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchase of stock ) ) ) Stock options and awards January 30, 2021 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchase of stock ) ) ) ) Stock options and awards January 29, 2022 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Dividends declared ) ) Repurchase of stock ) ) ) ) Stock options and awards January 28, 2023 ) 
 We declared , , and dividends per share for the twelve months ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021, respectively. 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 41 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

Accounting policies - Our accounting policies are disclosed in the applicable Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-year presentation. 

2. 
 
 million in cash and recognized a million pretax gain, which is included in Net Other (Income) / Expense. Dermstore represented less than 1 percent of our consolidated revenues, operating income and net assets. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 42 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

3. 
 
 Beauty and household essentials (b) 
 Food and beverage (c) 
 Hardlines (d) 
 Home furnishings and d cor (e) 
 Other Sales Credit card profit sharing Other Other revenue Total revenue 
 (a) Includes apparel for women, men, boys, girls, toddlers, infants and newborns, as well as jewelry, accessories, and shoes. 
 (b) Includes beauty and personal care, baby gear, cleaning, paper products, and pet supplies. 
 (c) Includes dry grocery, dairy, frozen food, beverages, candy, snacks, deli, bakery, meat, produce, and food service in our stores. 
 (d) Includes electronics (including video game hardware and software), toys, entertainment, sporting goods, and luggage. 
 (e) Includes furniture, lighting, storage, kitchenware, small appliances, home d cor, bed and bath, home improvement, school/office supplies, greeting cards and party supplies, and other seasonal merchandise. 
 
 days of purchase and owned and exclusive brands within of purchase. Sales are recognized net of expected returns, which we estimate using historical return patterns and our expectation of future returns. As of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, the liability for estimated returns was million and million, respectively. 
 
 We routinely enter into arrangements with vendors whereby we do not purchase or pay for merchandise until the merchandise is ultimately sold to a guest. Under the vast majority of these arrangements, which represent less than percent of consolidated sales, we record revenue and related costs gross. We concluded that we are the principal in these transactions for a number of reasons, most notably because we 1) control the overall economics of the transactions, including setting the sales price and realizing the majority of cash flows from the sale, 2) control the relationship with the customer, and 3) are responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide goods to the customer. Merchandise received under these arrangements is not included in Inventory because the purchase and sale of this inventory are virtually simultaneous. 
 
 Revenue from Target gift card sales is recognized upon gift card redemption, which is typically within one year of issuance. Our gift cards do not expire. Based on historical redemption rates, a small and relatively stable percentage of gift cards will never be redeemed, referred to as "breakage." Estimated breakage revenue is recognized over time in proportion to actual gift card redemptions. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 43 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

) 
 (a) Included in Accrued and Other Current Liabilities. 
 (b) Net of estimated breakage. 
 
 percent discount on nearly all purchases and receive free shipping at Target.com when they use their Target Debit Card, RedCard Reloadable Account, Target Credit Card, or Target MasterCard (collectively, RedCards). 
 
 Target Circle program members earn percent rewards on nearly all non-RedCard purchases and rewards on various other transactions. As of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, deferred revenue of million and million, respectively, related to this loyalty program was included in Accrued and Other Current Liabilities. 
 
 Credit card profit sharing We receive payments under a credit card program agreement with TD. Under the agreement, we receive a percentage of the profits generated by the Target Credit Card and Target MasterCard receivables in exchange for performing account servicing and primary marketing functions. TD underwrites, funds, and owns Target Credit Card and Target MasterCard receivables, controls risk management policies, and oversees regulatory compliance. 
 
 Other Includes advertising revenue, Shipt membership and service revenues, commissions earned on third-party sales through Target.com, rental income, and other miscellaneous revenues. 

4. 

Note: The classification of these expenses varies across the retail industry. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 44 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

5. 

6. 
 
 Net advertising costs were billion in 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

7. 

Fair Value Measurements - Recurring Basis Fair Value as of (millions) Classification Measurement Level January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 Assets Short-term investments (a) 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents Level 1 Prepaid forward contracts (b) 
 Other Current Assets Level 1 Interest rate swaps (c) 
 Other Current Assets Level 2 Interest rate swaps (c) 
 Other Noncurrent Assets Level 2 Liabilities Interest rate swaps (c) 
 Other Noncurrent Liabilities Level 2 
 (a) Carrying value approximates fair value because maturities are less than three months. 
 (b) Initially valued at transaction price. Subsequently valued by reference to the market price of Target common stock. 
 (c) Valuations are based on observable inputs to the valuation model (e.g., interest rates and credit spreads). See Note 16 for additional information on interest rate swaps. 

(a) The carrying amounts of certain other current assets, commercial paper, accounts payable, and certain accrued and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. 
 (b) The fair value of debt is generally measured using a discounted cash flow analysis based on current market interest rates for the same or similar types of financial instruments and would be classified as Level 2. These amounts exclude commercial paper, unamortized swap valuation adjustments, and lease liabilities. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 45 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

8. 
 
 or less. 
 Receivables from third-party financial institutions for credit and debit card transactions 
 Short-term investments Cash and Cash Equivalents (a) 
 
 (a) We have access to these funds without any significant restrictions, taxes or penalties. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, we reclassified book overdrafts of million and million, respectively, to Accounts Payable and million and million, respectively, to Accrued and Other Current Liabilities. 

9. 
 
 million and million as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Under RIM, inventory cost and the resulting gross margins are calculated by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the inventory retail value. RIM is an averaging method that has been widely used in the retail industry due to its practicality. The use of RIM will result in inventory being valued at the lower of cost or market because permanent markdowns are taken as a reduction of the retail value of inventory. 

10. 
 
 Vendor income receivable Prepaid expenses Other Other Current Assets 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 46 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

11. 
 
 billion, billion, and billion for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. For income tax purposes, accelerated depreciation methods are generally used. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Facility pre-opening costs, including supplies and payroll, are expensed as incurred. 
 
 - 
 Fixtures and equipment - 
 Computer hardware and software - 

We review long-lived assets for impairment when performance expectations, events, or changes in circumstances such as a decision to relocate or close a store, office, or distribution center, discontinue a project, or make significant software changes indicate that the asset's carrying value may not be recoverable. We recognized impairment losses of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. For asset groups classified as held for sale, measurement of an impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. We estimate fair value by obtaining market appraisals, obtaining valuations from third-party brokers, or using other valuation techniques. Impairments are recorded in SG A Expenses. 

12. 
 
 Company-owned life insurance investments, net of loans (b) 
 Other Other Noncurrent Assets 
 (a) Goodwill totaled million as of both January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022. impairments were recorded in 2022, 2021, or 2020 as a result of the annual goodwill impairment tests performed. 
 (b) Note 22 provides more information on company-owned life insurance investments. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 47 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

13. 
 
 Gift card liability, net of estimated breakage 
 Real estate, sales, and other taxes payable 
 Dividends payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Workers' compensation and general liability (a) 
 Interest payable Other Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 
 (a) We retain a substantial portion of the risk related to general liability and workers' compensation claims. We estimate our ultimate cost based on analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. General liability and workers' compensation liabilities are recorded at our estimate of their net present value. Note 19 provides the noncurrent balance of these liabilities. 

14. 
 
 billion and million as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. These purchase obligations are primarily due within and recorded as liabilities when goods are received or services are rendered. Real estate obligations, which include legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced, and commitments for the purchase, construction, or remodeling of real estate and facilities, were billion and billion as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. Approximately half of these real estate obligations are due within , a portion of which are recorded as liabilities. 
 
 We issue inventory purchase orders in the ordinary course of business, which represent authorizations to purchase that are cancellable by their terms. We do not consider purchase orders to be firm inventory commitments. If we choose to cancel a purchase order, we may be obligated to reimburse the vendor for unrecoverable outlays incurred prior to cancellation. 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 48 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

Trade letters of credit totaled billion and billion as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively, a portion of which are reflected in Accounts Payable. Standby letters of credit and surety bonds, primarily related to insurance and regulatory requirements, totaled million and million as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. 

15. 
 
 Due 2023-2027 Due 2028-2032 Due 2033-2037 Due 2038-2042 Due 2043-2047 Due 2048-2052 Total notes and debentures Swap valuation adjustments ) Finance lease liabilities Less: Amounts due within one year ) ) Long-term debt and other borrowings 

In January 2023, we issued unsecured fixed rate debt of billion at percent that matures in January 2053 and million at percent that matures in January 2033. In connection with this issuance, we terminated our remaining forward-starting interest rate swaps. Note 16 provides additional information. 
 
 In September 2022, we issued unsecured fixed rate debt of billion at percent that matures in September 2032. In connection with this issuance, we terminated certain of our forward-starting interest rate swaps. Note 16 provides additional information. 
 
 In January 2022, we issued unsecured fixed rate debt of billion at percent that matures in January 2027 and billion at percent that matures in January 2052. Furthermore, we repaid billion of percent unsecured fixed rate debt at maturity. 
 
 In October 2020, we repurchased billion of unsecured fixed rate debt before its maturity at a market value of billion. We recognized a loss on early retirement of million, which was recorded in Net Interest Expense. 
 
 In March 2020, we issued unsecured fixed rate debt of billion at percent that matures in April 2025 and billion at percent that matures in September 2030. 
 
 We obtain short-term financing from time to time under our commercial paper program. For the year ended January 28, 2023, the maximum amount outstanding was billion, and the average daily amount outstanding was million, at a weighted average annual interest rate of percent. As of January 28, 2023, there was no commercial paper outstanding. balances were outstanding under our commercial paper program at any time during 2021 or 2020. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 49 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

billion -day unsecured revolving credit facility that will expire in October 2023. We also extended our existing committed billion unsecured revolving credit facility, which now expires in October 2027. balances were outstanding under either facility at any time during 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 Substantially all of our outstanding borrowings are senior, unsecured obligations. Most of our long-term debt obligations contain covenants related to secured debt levels. In addition to a secured debt level covenant, our credit facilities also contain a debt leverage covenant. We are, and expect to remain, in compliance with these covenants, which have no practical effect on our ability to pay dividends. 

16. 

During 2022, we entered into interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of million. Under the swap agreements, we pay a floating rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) compounded over six months and receive a weighted average fixed rate of percent. The agreements have a weighted average remaining maturity of years. For other existing swap agreements, with a total notional amount of billion, we pay a floating rate equal to 1-month LIBOR and receive a weighted average fixed rate of percent. The agreements have a weighted average remaining maturity of years. As of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling billion and billion were designated as fair value hedges, and all were considered to be perfectly effective under the shortcut method during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 During 2022, we were party to forward-starting interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate exposure of anticipated future debt issuances. We designated these derivative financial instruments as cash flow hedges. In January 2023, we terminated forward-starting interest rate swap agreements that hedged billion of the billion debt issuance described in Note 15 . In September 2022, we terminated forward-starting interest rate swap agreements that hedged million of the billion debt issuance described in Note 15 . The resulting gains upon termination of these swap agreements in January 2023 and September 2022 were million and million, respectively, which were recorded in Accumulated Comprehensive Loss (AOCI) and will be recognized as a reduction to Net Interest Expense over the respective term of the debt. The cash flows related to forward-starting interest rate swaps are included within operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Cumulative hedging adjustments, included in carrying amount ) 
 
 Effect of Hedges on Net Interest Expense 
 (millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Gain (loss) on fair value hedges recognized in Net Interest Expense Interest rate swap designated as fair value hedges ) ) Hedged debt ) Gain on cash flow hedges recognized in Net Interest Expense Total 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 50 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

17. 
 
 years or more. The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. Certain leases also include options to purchase the leased property. The depreciable life of leased assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term, unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain of exercise. We use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 
 
 Certain of our lease agreements require reimbursement of real estate taxes, common area maintenance, and insurance, as well as rental payments based on a percentage of retail sales over contractual levels and others include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 
 We rent or sublease certain real estate to third parties. Our lease and sublease portfolio consists mainly of operating leases with CVS Pharmacy Inc. (CVS) for space within our stores. 
 
 Finance Buildings and Improvements, net of Accumulated Depreciation (a) 
 Total leased assets Liabilities Current Operating 
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities Finance 
 Current Portion of Long-term Debt and Other Borrowings 
 Noncurrent Operating 
 Noncurrent Operating Lease Liabilities Finance 
 Long-term Debt and Other Borrowings Total lease liabilities 
 (a) Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of million and million as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Finance lease cost Amortization of leased assets 
 Depreciation and Amortization (b) 
 Interest on lease liabilities 
 Net Interest Expense Sublease income (c) 
 Other Revenue ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 (a) 2022, 2021, and 2020 include million, million, and million, respectively, of short-term and variable lease costs. 
 (b) Supply chain-related amounts are included in Cost of Sales. 
 (c) Sublease income excludes rental income from owned properties of million for 2022, and million for each of 2021 and 2020, which is included in Other Revenue. 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 51 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 (a) Operating lease payments include million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised and exclude billion of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 million related to options to extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised and exclude million of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. 
 
 Finance leases 
 Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 
 Finance leases 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 

TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 52 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

18. 
 
 billion, billion, and billion during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, including billion, million, and million earned by our foreign entities subject to tax outside of the U.S. 
 
 State income taxes, net of the federal tax benefit International ) ) ) Excess tax benefit related to share-based payments ) ) ) Federal tax credits ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Effective tax rate 
 State International Total current Deferred: Federal ) State ) International ) ) Total deferred ) Total provision 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 53 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

Accruals and reserves not currently deductible Self-insured benefits Deferred occupancy income Lease liabilities Other Total gross deferred tax assets Gross deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ) ) Leased assets ) ) Inventory ) ) Other ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax liability (a) 
 ) ) 
 (a) million of the balance as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, is included in Other Noncurrent Assets. 
 
 We file a U.S. federal income tax return and income tax returns in various states and foreign jurisdictions. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has completed exams on the U.S. federal income tax returns for years 2020 and prior. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to state and local or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2015. 
 
 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 If we were to prevail on all unrecognized tax benefits recorded, the amount that would benefit the effective tax rate was million, million, and million as of January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021, respectively. In addition, the reversal of accrued interest and penalties would also benefit the effective tax rate. Interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits are recorded within income tax expense. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recorded an expense / (benefit) from accrued interest and penalties of ) million, million, and ) million, respectively. As of January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021, total accrued interest and penalties were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized tax benefits with respect to our other unrecognized tax positions will increase or decrease during the next twelve months; however, an estimate of the amount or range of the change cannot be made at this time. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 54 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

19. 
 
 Deferred occupancy income (a) 
 Workers' compensation and general liability Income and other taxes payable Pension benefits Other Other Noncurrent Liabilities 
 (a) To be amortized evenly through 2038. 

20. 
 
 Average price paid per share Total investment 

21. 
 
 million as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 Compensation expense associated with share-based awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the required service period and reflects estimated forfeitures. Share-based compensation expense recognized in SG A Expenses was million, million, and million, and the related income tax benefit was million, million, and million, in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 55 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

-year cliff or -year graduated vesting from the grant date (collectively restricted stock units) to certain team members. The final number of shares issued under performance-based restricted stock units is based on our total shareholder return relative to a retail peer group over a performance period. We also regularly issue restricted stock units to our Board of Directors, which vest quarterly over a period and are settled in shares of Target common stock upon departure from the Board. The weighted average grant date fair value for restricted stock units was , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) January 28, 2023 
 (a) Represents the number of shares of restricted stock units, in thousands. For performance-based restricted stock units, assumes attainment of maximum payout rates as set forth in the performance criteria. Applying actual or expected payout rates, the number of outstanding restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units as of January 28, 2023 was million. 
 (b) Weighted average per unit . 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The fair value of restricted stock units vested and converted to shares of Target common stock was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Performance Share Units 
 
 We issue performance share units to certain team members that represent shares potentially issuable in the future. Issuance is based upon our performance, generally relative to a retail peer group, over a or performance period on certain measures primarily including sales growth, after-tax return on invested capital, and earnings per share growth. The fair value of performance share units is calculated based on our stock price on the date of grant. The weighted average grant date fair value for performance share units was , , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) January 28, 2023 
 (a) Represents the number of performance share units, in thousands. Assumes attainment of maximum payout rates as set forth in the performance criteria. Applying actual or expected payout rates, the number of outstanding performance share units as of January 28, 2023 was million. 
 (b) Weighted average per unit. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 56 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

million assuming payout of all unvested awards. The unrecognized expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The fair value of performance share units vested and converted to shares of Target common stock was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 In the past, we granted stock options to certain team members. All outstanding stock options are vested and currently exercisable. 
 
 Exercised / issued 
 ) January 28, 2023 
 (a) In thousands. 
 (b) Weighted average per share. 
 (c) Represents stock price appreciation subsequent to the grant date, in millions. 
 
 Stock Option Exercises 
 (millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash received for exercise price Intrinsic value Income tax benefit 
 
 unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options. The weighted average remaining life of exercisable and outstanding options is years. 

22. 
 
 percent of their eligible earnings, as limited by statute or regulation. We match percent of each team member's contribution up to percent of eligible earnings. Company match contributions are made to funds designated by the participant, none of which are based on Target common stock. 
 
 In addition, we maintain an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan for a broad management group whose participation in our 401(k) plan is limited by statute or regulation. These team members choose from a menu of crediting rate alternatives that are generally the same as the investment choices in our 401(k) plan, but also includes a fund based on Target common stock. We credit an additional percent per year to the accounts of all active participants, excluding members of our executive leadership team, in part to recognize the risks inherent to their participation in this plan. We also maintain a frozen, unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan covering less than participants. Our total liability under these plans was million and million as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022, respectively. 
 
 We mitigate our risk of offering the nonqualified plans through investing in company-owned life insurance and prepaid forward contracts that substantially offset our economic exposure to the returns of these plans. These investments are general corporate assets and are marked to market with the related gains and losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period they occur. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 57 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

Nonqualified deferred compensation plans Benefits (income) / expense 
 ) Related investment (income) / expense 
 ) ) Nonqualified plans net expense 

23. 
 
 Fair value of plan assets Funded / (underfunded) status 
 ) ) 
 
 Contributions and Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
 Our obligations to plan participants can be met over time through a combination of company contributions to these plans and earnings on plan assets. In 2022 we made a discretionary contribution of million to our qualified defined benefit pension plan. In 2021 we made contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plan. We are not required to make any contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plan in 2023. However, depending on investment performance and plan funded status, we may elect to make a contribution. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 58 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation Net Other (Income) / Expense Expected return on assets Net Other (Income) / Expense ) ) ) Amortization of losses Net Other (Income) / Expense Amortization of prior service cost Net Other (Income) / Expense ) Settlement charges Net Other (Income) / Expense Total 
 
 Assumptions 
 
 Average assumed rate of compensation increase Cash balance plan interest crediting rate 
 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Average assumed rate of compensation increase Cash balance plan interest crediting rate 
 
 percent, percent, percent, and percent for the , , , and time periods, respectively. 
 
 period from the year in which they occur. 
 
 We review the expected long-term rate of return annually and revise it as appropriate. Additionally, we monitor the mix of investments in our portfolio to ensure alignment with our long-term strategy to manage pension cost and reduce volatility in our assets. Our 2022 expected annualized long-term rate of return assumptions were percent for domestic equity securities, percent for international equity securities, percent for long-duration debt securities, percent for diversified funds, and percent for other investments. These estimates are a judgmental matter in which we consider the composition of our asset portfolio, our historical long-term investment performance, and current market conditions. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 59 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of period (b) 
 
 (a) The actuarial gain was primarily driven by changes in the weighted average discount rate. 
 (b) Accumulated benefit obligation the present value of benefits earned to date assuming no future salary growth is materially consistent with the projected benefit obligation in each period presented. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contributions Participant contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of period 

Our asset allocation policy is designed to reduce the long-term cost of funding our pension obligations. The plan invests with both passive and active investment managers depending on the investment. The plan also seeks to reduce the risk associated with adverse movements in interest rates by employing an interest rate hedging program, which includes the use of derivative instruments. 
 
 International equity securities Debt securities Diversified funds Other (b) 
 Total 
 (a) Equity securities include our common stock in amounts substantially less than percent of total plan assets in both periods presented. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 60 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

Derivatives 
 Level 2 ) Government securities (a) 
 Level 2 Fixed income (b) 
 Level 2 Investments valued using NAV per share (c) 
 Fixed income Private equity funds Cash and cash equivalents Common collective trusts Diversified funds Other Total plan assets 
 (a) Investments in government securities and long-term government bonds. 
 (b) Investments in corporate and municipal bonds. 
 (c) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the statement of financial position. 

Amounts Included in Shareholders' Investment 
 
 Prior service credits Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (a) 
 
 (a) million and million, net of tax, at the end of 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 61 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Table of Contents 
 NOTES Index to Financial Statements 

24. 
 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income / (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI, net of tax ) (a) 
 (b) 
 January 28, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 (a) Represents amortization of gains and losses on cash flow hedges, net of taxes, which is recorded in Net Interest Expense. 
 (b) Represents amortization of pension gains and losses, net of million of taxes, which is recorded in Net Other (Income) / Expense. See Note 23 for additional information. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there were no changes which materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, we conducted an evaluation, under supervision and with the participation of management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at a reasonable assurance level. Disclosure controls and procedures are defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 For the Report of Management on Internal Control and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, see Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 62 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

PART III 
 
 Certain information required by Part III is incorporated by reference from Target's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 14, 2023 (our Proxy Statement). Except for those portions specifically incorporated in this Form 10-K by reference to the Proxy Statement, no other portions of the Proxy Statement are deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The following sections of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Item one Election of directors 
 General information about corporate governance and the Board 
 Committees 
 Business ethics and conduct 
 Stock ownership information Delinquent Section 16(a) reports 
 Questions and answers about the 2023 Annual Meeting Access to information Question 16 
 Questions and answers about the 2023 Annual Meeting Communications Question 19 
 
 See also Part I, Item 1 , Business of this Form 10-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The following sections of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Item one Election of directors Director compensation 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 Compensation tables (exclusive of Compensation tables Pay versus performance disclosure) 
 Compensation Human Capital Management Committee Report 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The following sections of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Stock ownership information 
 Beneficial ownership of directors and executive officers 
 Beneficial ownership of Target s largest shareholders 
 Compensation tables Equity compensation plan information 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The following sections of the Proxy Statement are incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 General information about corporate governance and the Board 
 Committees 
 Director independence 
 Policy on transactions with related persons 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The following section of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Item two Ratification of appointment of Ernst Young LLP as independent registered public accounting firm Audit and non-audit fees 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 63 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following information required under this item is filed as part of this report: 
 
 a) Financial Statements 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of January 28, 2023, and January 29, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Investment for the Years Ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements (PCAOB ID: 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules None. Other schedules have not been included either because they are not applicable or because the information is included elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 64 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

b) Exhibits (1) 
 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Target Corporation (as amended through June 9, 2010) (filed as Exhibit (3)A to Target's Current Report on Form 8-K on June 10, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Bylaws of Target Corporation (as amended and restated through January 11, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Target's Current Report on Form 8-K on January 12, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of August 4, 2000 between Target Corporation and Bank One Trust Company, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Target's Current Report on Form 8-K on August 10, 2000 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1.1 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 2007 to Indenture dated as of August 4, 2000 between Target Corporation and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to Bank One Trust Company N.A.) (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Target s Current Report on Form 8-K on May 1, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.2 Description of Securities (filed as Exhibit (4)D to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 Target Corporation Executive Officer Cash Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit (10)A to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 Target Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective June 8, 2011) (filed as Exhibit (10)B to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2.1 Form of Amended and Restated Executive Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit (10)V to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2.2 Form of Non-Employee Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit (10)EE to Target's Current Report on Form 8-K on January 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3 Amended and Restated Target Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective September 1, 2017) (filed as Exhibit (10)C to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.3.1 Form of Price-Vested Stock Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit (10)JJ to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit (10)D to Target's Current Report on Form 8-K on June 11, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4.1 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement . 
 10.4.2 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement . 
 10.4.3 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement . 
 10.4.4 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (filed as Exhibit (10)Y to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 1, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 Target Corporation SPP I (2022 Plan Statement) (as amended and restated effective May 1, 2022) (filed as Exhibit (10)E to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.6 Target Corporation SPP II (2022 Plan Statement) (as amended and restated effective May 1, 2022) (filed as Exhibit (10)F to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.7 Target Corporation SPP III (2014 Plan Statement) (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2014) (filed as Exhibit (10)E to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 1, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.7.1 Amendment to Target Corporation SPP III (2014 Plan Statement) (effective April 3, 2016) (filed as Exhibit (10)NN to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.8 Target Corporation Officer Deferred Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective June 8, 2011) (filed as Exhibit (10)F to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 Target Corporation Officer EDCP (202 3 Plan Statement) (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2023 . 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 65 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

10.10 Target Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan Directors (filed as Exhibit (10)I to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 3, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 Target Corporation DDCP (2022 Plan Statement) (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2022) (filed as Exhibit (10)L to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.12 Target Corporation Officer Income Continuation Plan (as amended and restated effective September 1, 2017) (filed as Exhibit (10)L to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 Target Corporation Executive Excess Long Term Disability Plan (as restated effective January 1, 2010) (filed as Exhibit (10)A to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.14 Director Retirement Program (filed as Exhibit (10)O to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15 Target Corporation Deferred Compensation Trust Agreement (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009) (filed as Exhibit (10)O to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15.1 Amendment dated June 8, 2011 to Target Corporation Deferred Compensation Trust Agreement (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009) (filed as Exhibit (10)AA to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15.2 Amendment dated October 25, 2017 to Target Corporation Deferred Compensation Trust Agreement (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009) (filed as Exhibit (10)MM to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 28, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.15.3 Amendment dated December 18, 2020 to Target Corporation Deferred Compensation Trust Agreement (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009) (filed as Exhibit (10)S to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.16 Form of Cash Retention Award (filed as Exhibit (10)W to Target s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 2, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.17 
 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement as of October 4, 2022 among Target Corporation and Brian C. Cornell (filed as Exhibit (10)BB to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.18 Transition Agreement dated May 4, 2022 (filed as Exhibit (10)KK to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.19 Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of October 18, 2021 among Target Corporation, Bank of America, N.A. as Administrative Agent and the Banks listed therein (filed as Exhibit (10)DD to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.19.1 
 Amendment No. 1 to Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of October 25, 2022 among Target Corporation, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and the Banks listed therein (filed as Exhibit (10)EE to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.20 
 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of October 25, 2022 among Target Corporation, the Banks listed therein, the Co-Documentation Agents and Syndication Agent listed therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit (10)FF to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.21 + Credit Card Program Agreement dated October 22, 2012 among Target Corporation, Target Enterprise, Inc. and TD Bank USA, N.A. (filed as Exhibit (10)X to Target s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended May 4, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.21.1 + First Amendment dated February 24, 2015 to Credit Card Program Agreement among Target Corporation, Target Enterprise, Inc. and TD Bank USA, N.A. (filed as Exhibit (10)II to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 2, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.21.2 + Second Amendment dated November 19, 2019 to Credit Card Program Agreement among Target Corporation, Target Enterprise, Inc. and TD Bank USA, N.A. (filed as Exhibit (10)HH to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 1, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 66 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

10.21.3 + Third Amendment dated November 1, 2022 to Credit Card Program Agreement among Target Corporation, Target Enterprise, Inc. and TD Bank USA, N.A. (filed as Exhibit (10)JJ to Target's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.22 + Pharmacy Operating Agreement dated December 16, 2015 between Target Corporation and CVS Pharmacy, Inc. (filed as Exhibit (10)KK to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.22.1 + First Amendment dated November 30, 2016 to Pharmacy Operating Agreement between Target Corporation and CVS Pharmacy, Inc. (filed as Exhibit (10)CC to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.22.2 Second Amendment dated January 9, 2018 to Pharmacy Operating Agreement between Target Corporation and CVS Pharmacy, Inc. (filed as Exhibit (10)HH to Target's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 3, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 24.1 Powers of Attorney 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ____________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 + Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 
 Certain schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish a copy of such schedules and exhibits to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 
 (1) Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Company have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. The Company agrees to furnish copies of any such instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 67 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Table of Contents 
 Index to Financial Statements 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Target has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 TARGET CORPORATION By: /s/ Michael J. Fiddelke 
 Date: March 8, 2023 Michael J. Fiddelke 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Target and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ Brian C. Cornell Date: March 8, 2023 Brian C. Cornell 
 Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 /s/ Michael J. Fiddelke 
 Date: March 8, 2023 Michael J. Fiddelke 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 /s/ Matthew A. Liegel 
 Date: March 8, 2023 Matthew A. Liegel 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer 
 and Controller 
 
 DAVID P. ABNEY DOUGLAS M. BAKER, JR. GEORGE S. BARRETT GAIL K. BOUDREAUX ROBERT L. EDWARDS MELANIE L. HEALEY DONALD R. KNAUSS CHRISTINE A. LEAHY MONICA C. LOZANO GRACE PUMA DERICA W. RICE DMITRI L. STOCKTON Constituting a majority of the Board of Directors 
 
 Michael J. Fiddelke, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this document pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by the Directors named, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on behalf of such Directors, all in the capacities and on the date stated. By: /s/ Michael J. Fiddelke 
 Date: March 8, 2023 Michael J. Fiddelke 
 Attorney-in-fact 

TARGET CORPORATION 
 2022 Form 10-K 68 

<EX-10.4 1>
 2
 tgt20230128-exhibit1041.htm
 EX-10.4 1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.4.1 

Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 (Officer) 
 THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made in Minneapolis, Minnesota as of the date of grant (the Grant Date set forth in the award letter (the Award Letter by and between the Company and the person (the Team Member identified in the Award Letter. This award (the Award of Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), provided to you as a Service Provider, is being issued under the Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), subject to the following terms and conditions. 
 
 1. Definitions . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Plan. The term Committee shall also include those persons to whom authority has been delegated under the Plan. 
 
 2. Grant of RSUs . Subject to the relevant terms of the Plan and this Agreement, as of the Grant Date, the Company has granted the Team Member the number of RSUs set forth in the Award Letter. 
 
 3. Vesting Schedule . 
 
 (a) Subject to Section 3(b), XX of the Shares issuable under the RSUs shall vest on the first anniversary of the Grant Date and on each succeeding anniversary of the Grant Date until all of the Shares have been issued (after the XX anniversary of the Grant Date). 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 3(a), the Shares issuable under the applicable number of RSUs shall vest on the earlier of (i) the date that the conditions for an Accelerated Vesting Event set forth in Section 4 are satisfied or (ii) as specified in Section 5. 
 
 (c) Each date of vesting is referred to as a Vesting Date . All vested RSUs shall be paid out as provided in Section 10, in accordance with and subject to any restrictions set forth in this Agreement, the Plan or any Release Agreement that the Team Member may be required to enter pursuant to Sections 4 or 5. Release Agreement means an agreement containing a release of claims, a covenant not to engage in competitive employment, and or other provisions deemed appropriate by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 
 4. Accelerated Vesting Events . Upon the occurrence of one of the following events (each, an Accelerated Vesting Event ), the outstanding unvested RSUs subject to this 

Agreement shall vest as provided below. The Committee, in its sole discretion, makes all determinations required under this Section 4. 
 
 (a) Retirement . The applicable number of outstanding unvested RSUs shall vest as of the date the last of the Retirement Conditions is satisfied. The Retirement Conditions are (i) the Team Member attaining age 55 and completing at least 5 years of Service (which 5 years need not be continuous) on or prior to the Team Member s (1) voluntary termination of Service, or (2) termination of Service resulting from the Company s elimination of the Team Member s position Position Elimination (ii) the Company receiving a valid unrevoked Release Agreement from the Team Member and (iii) the Team Member commencing discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources executive regarding the Team Member s consideration of termination at least six months prior to the Team Member s voluntary termination of Service. If the Team Member s termination of Service described in Section 4(a)(i) occurs during the 12 month period immediately following the Grant Date, the Team Member shall vest in a portion of the outstanding unvested RSUs subject to this Agreement. Such vested portion will be determined by multiplying the number of outstanding unvested RSUs in the grant by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from the Grant Date through the date of termination of Service and the denominator of which is the number of days from the Grant Date to the XX anniversary of the Grant Date. All remaining RSUs shall be cancelled and the Team Member shall have no rights to such cancelled RSUs. If the Team Member s termination of Service described in Section 4(a)(i) occurs more than 12 months after the Grant Date but before the XX anniversary of the Grant Date, the Team Member shall vest in all outstanding unvested RSUs. 
 
 (b) Death . In the case of the Team Member s death prior to the Team Member s termination of Service, the Team Member shall vest in all outstanding unvested RSUs as of the date of the Team Member s death. 
 
 (c) Disability . In the case of the Team Member s Disability prior to the Team Member s termination of Service, the Team Member shall vest in all outstanding unvested RSUs as of the date of the Team Member s Disability. 
 
 5. Change in Control . If a Change in Control occurs and the Award is assumed or replaced pursuant to Section 11(b)(1) of the Plan, the Award will continue to be subject to the Vesting Schedule provided in Section 3. Notwithstanding the foregoing and any other contrary provision of this Agreement, if within two years after a Change in Control and prior to the XX anniversary of the Grant Date, the Team Member s Service terminates voluntarily by the Team Member for Good Reason or involuntarily without Cause, and provided that the Company has received a valid unrevoked Release Agreement from the Team Member, the Team Member shall vest in all outstanding unvested RSUs as of the date of the Team Member s termination of Service. 
 
 6. Cause . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Committee concludes, in its sole discretion, that the Team Member s Service was terminated in whole or in part for Cause, all of the RSUs subject to the Award that have not 
 
 2. 

previously been converted to Shares shall terminate immediately and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder. 
 
 7. Other Termination Changes of Service . If at any time prior to the XX anniversary of the Grant Date the Team Member s Service is terminated involuntarily under circumstances not covered in Section 4(a)(i)(2), for Cause, or for any reason not meeting all applicable conditions in Sections 4 or 5, all outstanding unvested RSUs subject to the Award shall terminate effective as of the date of termination of Service and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder. Service shall not be deemed terminated in the case of (a) any approved leave of absence, or (b) transfers among the Company and any Subsidiaries in the same Service Provider capacity however, a termination of Service shall occur if (i) the relationship the Team Member had with the Company or a Subsidiary at the Grant Date terminates, even if the Team Member continues in another Service Provider capacity with the Company or a Subsidiary, or (ii) the Team Member experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 
 
 8. Restrictive Covenant . By accepting the Award, the Team Member specifically agrees to the restrictive covenant contained in this Section 8 (the Restrictive Covenant and the Team Member agrees that the Restrictive Covenant and the remedies described herein are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company. 
 
 (a) Non-Solicitation . The Team Member agrees that for the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date that is one year following the Team Member s termination of Service, the Team Member will not recruit for employment directly or indirectly, any employee of the Company with whom the Team Member worked, or about whom the Team Member possesses any Company personnel information. 
 
 (b) Remedies. The Team Member agrees that immediate irreparable damage will result to Company if the Team Member breaches the Restrictive Covenant set forth in this Agreement. Therefore, in the event the Team Member breaches this Agreement, whether directly or indirectly, the Team Member consents to specific enforcement of this Agreement through an injunction or restraining order. Injunctive relief shall be awarded in addition to any other remedies or damages available at law or in equity. The Team Member specifically agrees that the Company is entitled to the attorneys fees and expenses the Company incurs to enforce this Agreement, and that the Team Member is responsible for paying the Company s costs and attorneys fees incurred as a result of enforcing any provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Recovery. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Committee concludes, in its sole discretion, that the Team Member has breached the Restrictive Covenant, the Company may take one or more of the following actions with respect to the Award 
 
 (i) immediately terminate all of the RSUs subject to the Award that have not previously been converted to Shares, and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder and 
 
 3. 

(ii) require repayment of all or any portion of the amounts realized or received by the Team Member resulting from the conversion of RSUs to Shares or the sale of Shares related to the Award. 
 
 9. Dividend Equivalents . The Team Member shall have the right to receive additional RSUs with a value equal to the regular cash dividend paid on one Share for each RSU held pursuant to this Agreement prior to the conversion of RSUs and issuance of Shares pursuant to Section 10. The number of additional RSUs to be received as dividend equivalents for each RSU held shall be determined by dividing the cash dividend per share by the Fair Market Value of one Share on the dividend payment date provided, however, that for purposes of avoiding the issuance of fractional RSUs, on each dividend payment date the additional RSUs issued as dividend equivalents shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. All such additional RSUs received as dividend equivalents shall be subject to forfeiture in the same manner and to the same extent as the original RSUs granted hereby, and shall be converted into Shares on the basis and at the time set forth in Section 10 hereof. 
 
 10. Conversion of RSUs and Issuance of Shares . 
 
 (a) Timing . Vested RSUs shall be converted to Shares and shall be issued within 90 days following the earliest to occur of (i) each anniversary of the Grant Date, (ii) the Team Member s separation from service as such term is defined for purposes of Code Section 409A, (iii) the Team Member s death, or (iv) the Team Member s Disability (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, provided such determination complies with the definition of disability under Code Section 409A). 
 
 (b) Limitation for Specified Employees . If any Shares shall be issuable with respect to the RSUs as a result of the Team Member s separation from service at such time as the Team Member is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then no Shares shall be issued, except as permitted under Code Section 409A, prior to the first business day after the earlier of (i) the date that is six months after the Team Member s separation from service , or (ii) the Team Member s death. 
 
 (c) Unvested RSUs . All of the RSUs subject to the Award that are unvested as of the time the vested RSUs are converted and Shares are issued under Section 10(a)(ii) shall terminate immediately and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder with respect to those unvested RSUs. 
 
 (d) Code Section 409A . The Committee in its sole discretion may accelerate or delay the distribution of any payment under this Agreement to the extent allowed or required under Code Section 409A. Payment of amounts under this Agreement are intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and this Agreement shall in all respects be administered and construed to give effect to such intent. 
 
 11. Taxes . The Team Member acknowledges that (a) the ultimate liability for any and all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related 
 
 4. 

withholding Tax-Related Items legally due by him or her is and remains the Team Member s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company and or a Subsidiary to which the Team Member is providing Service (the Service Recipient and (b) the Company and or the Service Recipient or a former Service Recipient, as applicable, (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting and or conversion of the RSUs and issuance of Shares (ii) do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the RSUs to reduce or eliminate the Team Member s liability for Tax-Related Items (iii) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction if the Team Member has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event and (iv) may refuse to deliver the Shares to the Team Member if he or she fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as provided in this Section. 
 
 The Team Member authorizes and consents to the Company and or the Service Recipient, or their respective agents, satisfying all applicable Tax-Related Items which the Company reasonably determines are legally payable by him or her by withholding from the Shares that would otherwise be delivered to the Team Member the highest number of whole Shares that the Company determines has a value less than or equal to the aggregate applicable Tax-Related Items. In lieu thereof, the Team Member may elect at the time of conversion of the RSUs such other then-permitted method or combination of methods established by the Company and or the Service Recipient to satisfy the Team Member s Tax-Related Items. 
 
 12. Limitations on Transfer . The Award shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered by the Team Member other than pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 13. Recoupment Provision . In the event of intentional misconduct of the Team Member that causes the Company material financial or material reputational harm, or contributes to a restatement of the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company may take one or more of the following actions with respect to the Award, as determined by the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee of the Board in its sole discretion, and the Team Member shall be bound by such determination 
 
 (a) cancel all or a portion of the RSUs, whether vested or unvested, including any dividend equivalents related to the Award and 
 (b) require repayment of all or any portion of the amounts realized or received by the Team Member resulting from the conversion of RSUs to Shares or the sale of Shares related to the Award. 
 The term restatement shall mean the result of revising financial statements previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to reflect the correction of an error. The term intentional misconduct shall be limited to conduct that the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee or its delegate determines indicates an intentional violation 
 
 5. 

of law, an intentional violation of the Company s Code of Ethics (or any successor or replacement code of conduct for employees), or an intentional violation of a significant ethics or compliance policy of the Company, but shall not include good faith errors in judgment made by the Team Member. 
 
 The Team Member agrees that the Company may setoff any amounts it is entitled to recover under this Section against any amounts owed by the Company to the Team Member under any of the Company s deferred compensation plans to the extent permitted under Code Section 409A. This Section 13 shall not apply, and no amounts may be recovered hereunder, following a Change in Control. 
 
 14. No Employment Rights . Nothing in this Agreement, the Plan or the Award Letter shall confer upon the Team Member any right to continued Service with the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, nor shall it interfere with or limit in any way any right of the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, to terminate the Team Member s Service at any time with or without Cause or change the Team Member s compensation, other benefits, job responsibilities or title provided in compliance with applicable local laws and permitted under the terms of the Team Member s service contract, if any. 
 
 (a) The Team Member s rights to vest in the RSUs or receive Shares after termination of Service shall be determined pursuant to Sections 3 through 10. Those rights and the Team Member s date of termination of Service will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law e.g. , active service would not include a period of garden leave or similar notice period pursuant to local law). 
 
 (b) This Agreement, the Plan and the Award Letter are separate from, and shall not form, any part of the contract of Service of the Team Member, or affect any of the rights and obligations arising from the Service relationship between the Team Member and the Company and or the Service Recipient. 
 
 (c) No Service Provider has a right to participate in the Plan. All decisions with respect to future grants, if any, shall be at the sole discretion of the Company and or the Service Recipient. 
 
 (d) The Team Member will have no claim or right of action in respect of any decision, omission or discretion which may operate to the disadvantage of the Team Member. 
 
 15. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, the Team Member acknowledges, understands, and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement, and any such modification, amendment, suspension or termination will not constitute a constructive or wrongful dismissal 
 
 6. 

(b) the RSUs are extraordinary items and are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or welfare or retirement benefits or similar payments 
 
 (c) in no event should the RSUs be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or the Service Recipient, nor are the RSUs or the underlying Shares intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (d) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (e) the Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Team Member s participation in the Plan or the RSUs 
 
 (f) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the RSUs resulting from termination of the Team Member s Service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws), and in consideration of the grant of the RSUs to which the Team Member is otherwise not entitled, the Team Member irrevocably (i) agrees never to institute any such claim against the Company or the Service Recipient, (ii) waives the Team Member s ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and (iii) releases the Company and the Service Recipient from any such claim. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, the Team Member shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claims 
 
 (g) this Agreement is not a condition of the Team Member s employment or continued employment and 
 
 (h) the Team Member is hereby advised to consult with personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the RSUs or the Plan. 
 
 16. Governing Law Venue Jurisdiction Severability . To the extent that federal laws do not otherwise control, this Agreement, the Award Letter, the Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant to the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to its conflicts-of-law principles and shall be construed accordingly. The exclusive forum and venue for any legal action arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, and the parties submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court. If neither subject matter nor diversity jurisdiction exists in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, then the exclusive forum and venue for any such action shall be the courts of the State of Minnesota located in Hennepin County, and the Team Member, as a condition of this Agreement, consents to the personal jurisdiction of that court. If any provision of this Agreement, the Award Letter or the Plan shall 
 
 7. 

be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Agreement, the Award Letter or the Plan, and the Agreement, the Award Letter and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 
 17. Currencies and Dates . Unless otherwise stated, all dollars specified in this Agreement and the Award Letter shall be in U.S. dollars and all dates specified in this Agreement shall be U.S. dates. 
 
 18. Survival . The Team Member agrees that the terms of Sections 8 and 13 shall survive the Team Member s termination of Service and any conversion of the Award into Shares. 
 
 19. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Team Member s participation in the Plan, on the RSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require the Team Member to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 20. Plan and Award Letter Incorporated by Reference Electronic Delivery . The Plan, as hereafter amended from time to time, and the Award Letter shall be deemed to be incorporated into this Agreement and are integral parts hereof. In the event there is any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. This Agreement, the Plan and the Award Letter embody the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and the Team Member pertaining to this grant of RSUs and supersede all prior agreements and understandings (oral or written) between them relating to the subject matter hereof. The Company or a third party designated by the Company may deliver to the Team Member by electronic means any documents related to his or her participation in the Plan. The Team Member acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Award Letter. 
 
 End of Agreement 
 8. 

</EX-10.4 1>

<EX-10.4 2>
 3
 tgt20230128-exhibit1042.htm
 EX-10.4 2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.4.2 

 F 
 
 Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 

PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made in Minneapolis, Minnesota as of the date of grant (the Grant Date set forth in the award letter (the Award Letter by and between the Company and the person (the Team Member identified in the Award Letter. This award (the Award of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units PBRSUs ), provided to you as a Service Provider, is being issued under the Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), subject to the following terms and conditions. 
 
 1. Definitions . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Plan. The term Committee shall also include those persons to whom authority has been delegated under the Plan. 
 
 2. Grant of PBRSUs . 
 
 (a) Subject to the relevant terms of the Plan and this Agreement, as of the Grant Date, the Company has granted the Team Member the number of PBRSUs set forth in the Award Letter (the Goal Payout ). The minimum number of Shares that may be earned is equal to XX of the Goal Payout (the Minimum Payout ). The maximum number of Shares that may be earned is equal to XX of the Goal Payout (the Maximum Payout ). The number of Shares actually earned, if any, shall depend on the Company s performance during the period comprised of the Company s XX consecutive fiscal years beginning with XX (the Performance Period ). 
 
 (b) Except as set forth in Section 6, the actual number of Shares earned will be determined by the Committee pursuant to a formula established by the Committee to measure the Company s performance during the Performance Period (the Payout Formula ). The determination of the actual number of Shares earned, which shall not be less than the Minimum Payout nor exceed the Maximum Payout, shall occur as soon as practicable after completion of the Performance Period, but in any event not later than November 30 of the calendar year in which the Performance Period ends (the date the Committee so determines, the Determination Date ). A description of the Payout Formula and the percentage of Shares to be earned, if any, for the various levels of performance will be communicated to the Team Member. All decisions of the Committee regarding the application of the Payout Formula and the number of Shares earned shall be final and binding on the Team Member. Except as set forth in Section 6, the Award shall be cancelled and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder if the Determination Date does not occur. 

3. Vesting Schedule . The applicable number of PBRSUs shall vest on the earlier of (a) the end of the Performance Period (b) the date that the conditions for an Accelerated Vesting Event set forth in Section 4 are satisfied or (c) as specified in Sections 5 or 6. Except as provided in Section 6, for all vested PBRSUs, the number of Shares earned shall be determined pursuant to the Payout Formula. All such vested PBRSUs shall be paid out as provided in Section 11, in accordance with and subject to any restrictions set forth in this Agreement, the Plan or any Release Agreement that the Team Member may be required to enter pursuant to Sections 4, 5 or 6. Release Agreement means an agreement containing a release of claims, a covenant not to engage in competitive employment, and or other provisions deemed appropriate by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 
 4. Accelerated Vesting Events . Upon the occurrence of one of the following events (each, an Accelerated Vesting Event ), the applicable number of outstanding unvested PBRSUs subject to this Agreement shall vest as of the date the last of the Retirement Conditions is satisfied. The Committee, in its sole discretion, makes all determinations required under this Section 4. 
 
 (a) Retirement . The applicable number of outstanding unvested PBRSUs shall vest as of the date the last of the Retirement Conditions is satisfied. The Retirement Conditions are (i) the Team Member attaining age 55 and completing at least 5 years of Service (which 5 years need not be continuous) on or prior to the Team Member s voluntary termination of Service (ii) the Company receiving a valid unrevoked Release Agreement from the Team Member and (iii) the Team Member must have commenced discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources officer regarding the Team Member s consideration of termination at least six months prior to the Team Member s voluntary termination of Service. If the Team Member s termination of Service described in 4(a)(i) occurs during the first 12 months of the Performance Period, the Team Member shall vest in a portion of the outstanding unvested PBRSUs subject to this Agreement. Such vested portion will be calculated by multiplying the number of outstanding unvested PBRSUs by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from the start of the Performance Period through the Team Member s termination of Service and the denominator of which is the number of days during the Performance Period. If the Team Member s termination of Service described in 4(a)(i) occurs during the final 24 months of the Performance Period, the Team Member shall be vested in all outstanding unvested PSUs subject to this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Death . In the case of the Team Member s death prior to the Team Member s termination of Service, all outstanding unvested PBRSUs shall vest as of the date of the Team Member s death. 
 
 (c) Disability . In the case of the Team Member s Disability prior to the Team Member s termination of Service, all outstanding unvested PBRSUs shall vest as of the date of the Team Member s Disability. 
 
 5. Involuntary Service Separation . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary and provided that the Company has received a valid unrevoked Release Agreement from the Team Member, if the Team Member s Service is involuntarily terminated by the Company or a Subsidiary to which the Team Member is providing Service 
 
 2. 

(the Service Recipient prior to the end of the Performance Period other than for Cause and under circumstances not covered in Section 6 below (an Involuntary Service Separation ), then the 50 of the outstanding unvested PBRSUs shall vest as of the date of the Team Member s Involuntary Service Separation and such 50 of the outstanding unvested PBRSUs shall be settled in a number of Shares equal to the amount determined by the Committee pursuant to the Payout Formula. All remaining PBRSUs shall be cancelled and the Team Member shall have no rights to such cancelled PBRSUs. 
 
 6. Change in Control . If a Change in Control occurs prior to the Determination Date and the Award is assumed or replaced pursuant to Section 11(b)(1) of the Plan, the Award will continue to be subject to the vesting schedule provided in Section 3, but the total number of Shares earned under the Payout Formula shall be deemed to be equal to the Goal Payout. Notwithstanding the foregoing and any other contrary provision of this Agreement, if within two years after a Change in Control and prior to the end of the Performance Period, the Team Member s Service terminates voluntarily by the Team Member for Good Reason or involuntarily without Cause, and provided that the Company has received a valid unrevoked Release Agreement from the Team Member, all outstanding unvested PBRSUs shall vest as of the date of the Team Member s termination of Service and be settled in a number of Shares equal to the Goal Payout. 
 
 7. Cause . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Committee concludes, in its sole discretion, that the Team Member s Service was terminated in whole or in part for Cause, all of the PBRSUs subject to the Award shall terminate immediately and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder. 
 
 8. Other Termination Changes of Service . If the Team Member s termination of Service occurs at any time prior to the end of the Performance Period for any reason not meeting the conditions specified in Sections 4 through 7, all of the PBRSUs subject to the Award shall terminate effective as of the date of termination of Service and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder. Service shall not be deemed terminated in the case of (a) any approved leave of absence, or (b) transfers among the Company and any Subsidiaries in the same Service Provider capacity however, a termination of Service shall occur if (i) the relationship the Team Member had with the Company or a Subsidiary at the Grant Date terminates, even if the Team Member continues in another Service Provider capacity with the Company or a Subsidiary, or (ii) the Team Member experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 
 
 9. Restrictive Covenant . By accepting the Award, the Team Member specifically agrees to the restrictive covenant contained in this Section 9 (the Restrictive Covenant and the Team Member agrees that the Restrictive Covenant and the remedies described herein are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company. 
 
 (a) Non-Solicitation . The Team Member agrees that for the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date that is one year following the Team Member s termination of Service, the Team Member will not recruit for employment directly or indirectly, any employee of the Company with whom the Team Member worked, or about whom the Team Member possesses any Company personnel information. 
 
 3. 

(b) Remedies. The Team Member agrees that immediate irreparable damage will result to Company if the Team Member breaches the Restrictive Covenant set forth in this Agreement. Therefore, in the event the Team Member breaches this Agreement, whether directly or indirectly, the Team Member consents to specific enforcement of this Agreement through an injunction or restraining order. Injunctive relief shall be awarded in addition to any other remedies or damages available at law or in equity. The Team Member specifically agrees that the Company is entitled to the attorneys fees and expenses the Company incurs to enforce this Agreement, and that the Team Member is responsible for paying the Company s costs and attorneys fees incurred as a result of enforcing any provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Recovery. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Committee concludes, in its sole discretion, that the Team Member has breached the Restrictive Covenant, the Company may take one or more of the following actions with respect to the Award 
 
 (i) immediately terminate all of the PBRSUs subject to the Award that have not previously been converted to Shares, and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder and 
 (ii) require repayment of all or any portion of the amounts realized or received by the Team Member resulting from the conversion of PBRSUs to Shares or the sale of Shares related to the Award. 
 
 10. Dividend Equivalents . The Team Member shall have the right to receive additional PBRSUs with a value equal to the regular cash dividend paid on one Share for each PBRSU earned pursuant to this Agreement prior to the conversion of PBRSUs and issuance of Shares pursuant to Section 11. The dividend equivalents will be based on the actual number of PBRSUs earned pursuant to this Agreement. The number of additional PBRSUs to be received as dividend equivalents for each PBRSU held shall be determined by dividing the cash dividend per share by the Fair Market Value of one Share on the dividend payment date provided, however, that for purposes of avoiding the issuance of fractional PBRSUs, on each dividend payment date the additional PBRSUs issued as dividend equivalents shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. All such additional PBRSUs received as dividend equivalents shall be subject to forfeiture in the same manner and to the same extent as the original PBRSUs granted hereby, and shall be converted into Shares on the basis and at the time set forth in Section 11 hereof. 
 
 11. Conversion of PBRSUs and Issuance of Shares . 
 
 (a) Timing . Vested PBRSUs shall be converted to Shares in accordance with the Payout Formula and shall be issued within 90 days following the Determination Date, but in any event not later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Performance Period ends. Notwithstanding the foregoing, PBRSUs meeting the conditions specified in Section 6 involving termination of the Team Member s Service voluntarily for Good Reason or involuntarily without Cause, shall be converted to Shares that shall be issued within 90 
 
 4. 

days following such termination. 
 
 (b) Unvested PBRSUs . All of the PBRSUs subject to the Award that are unvested as of the time the vested PBRSUs are converted and Shares are issued under this Section 11 shall terminate immediately and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder with respect to those unvested PBRSUs. 
 
 (c) Code Section 409A . The Committee in its sole discretion may accelerate or delay the distribution of any payment under this Agreement to the extent allowed or required under Code Section 409A. Payment of amounts under this Agreement are intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and this Agreement shall in all respects be administered and construed to give effect to such intent. 
 
 12. Taxes . The Team Member acknowledges that (a) the ultimate liability for any and all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items legally due by him or her is and remains the Team Member s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company and or the Service Recipient and (b) the Company and or the Service Recipient or a former Service Recipient, as applicable, (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the PBRSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting and or conversion of the PBRSUs and issuance of Shares (ii) do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the PBRSUs to reduce or eliminate the Team Member s liability for Tax-Related Items (iii) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction if the Team Member has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event and (iv) may refuse to deliver the Shares to the Team Member if he or she fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as provided in this Section. 
 
 The Team Member authorizes and consents to the Company and or the Service Recipient, or their respective agents, satisfying all applicable Tax-Related Items which the Company reasonably determines are legally payable by him or her by withholding from the Shares that would otherwise be delivered to the Team Member the highest number of whole Shares that the Company determines has a value less than or equal to the aggregate applicable Tax-Related Items. In lieu thereof, the Team Member may elect at the time of conversion of the PBRSUs such other then-permitted method or combination of methods established by the Company and or the Service Recipient to satisfy the Team Member s Tax-Related Items. 
 
 13. Limitations on Transfer . The Award shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered by the Team Member other than pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 14. Recoupment Provision . Unless otherwise required by the Company s then-effective Recoupment Policy, in the event of intentional misconduct of the Team Member that causes the Company material financial or material reputational harm, or contributes to a restatement of the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company may take one or more of the following actions with respect to the Award, as determined by the Compensation 
 
 5. 

& Human Capital Management Committee of the Board in its sole discretion, and the Team Member shall be bound by such determination 
 
 (a) cancel all or a portion of the PBRSUs, whether vested or unvested, including any dividend equivalents related to the Award and 
 
 (b) require repayment of all or any portion of the amounts realized or received by the Team Member resulting from the conversion of PBRSUs to Shares or the sale of Shares related to the Award. 
 
 The term restatement shall mean the result of revising financial statements previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to reflect the correction of an error. The term intentional misconduct shall be limited to conduct that the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee or its delegate determines indicates an intentional violation of law, an intentional violation of the Company s Code of Ethics (or any successor or replacement code of conduct for employees), or an intentional violation of a significant ethics or compliance policy of the Company, but shall not include good faith errors in judgment made by the Team Member. 
 
 The Team Member agrees that the Company may setoff any amounts it is entitled to recover under this Section against any amounts owed by the Company to the Team Member under any of the Company s deferred compensation plans to the extent permitted under Code Section 409A. This Section 14 shall not apply, and no amounts may be recovered hereunder, following a Change in Control. 
 
 15. No Employment Rights . Nothing in this Agreement, the Plan or the Award Letter shall confer upon the Team Member any right to continued Service with the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, nor shall it interfere with or limit in any way any right of the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, to terminate the Team Member s Service at any time with or without Cause or change the Team Member s compensation, other benefits, job responsibilities or title provided in compliance with applicable local laws and permitted under the terms of the Team Member s Service contract, if any. 
 
 (a) The Team Member s rights to vest in the PBRSUs or receive Shares after termination of Service shall be determined pursuant to Sections 3 through 11. Those rights and the Team Member s date of termination of Service will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (e.g., active service would not include a period of garden leave or similar notice period pursuant to local law). 
 
 (b) This Agreement, the Plan and the Award Letter are separate from, and shall not form, any part of the contract of Service of the Team Member, or affect any of the rights and obligations arising from the Service relationship between the Team Member and the Company and or the Service Recipient. 
 
 (c) No Service Provider has a right to participate in the Plan. All decisions with respect to future grants, if any, shall be at the sole discretion of the Company and or the Service Recipient. 
 
 6. 

(d) The Team Member will have no claim or right of action in respect of any decision, omission or discretion which may operate to the disadvantage of the Team Member. 
 
 16. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, the Team Member acknowledges, understands, and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement, and any such modification, amendment, suspension or termination will not constitute a constructive or wrongful dismissal 
 
 (b) the PBRSUs are extraordinary items and are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or welfare or retirement benefits or similar payments 
 
 (c) in no event should the PBRSUs be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or the Service Recipient, nor are the PBRSUs or the underlying Shares intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (d) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (e) the Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Team Member s participation in the Plan or the PBRSUs 
 
 (f) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the PBRSUs resulting from termination of the Team Member s Service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws), and in consideration of the grant of the PBRSUs to which the Team Member is otherwise not entitled, the Team Member irrevocably (i) agrees never to institute any such claim against the Company or the Service Recipient, (ii) waives the Team Member s ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and (iii) releases the Company and the Service Recipient from any such claim. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, the Team Member shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claims 
 
 (g) this Agreement is not a condition of the Team Member s employment or continued employment and 
 
 (h) the Team Member is hereby advised to consult with personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the PBRSUs or the Plan. 
 
 7. 

17. Governing Law Venue Jurisdiction Severability . To the extent that federal laws do not otherwise control, this Agreement, the Award Letter, the Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant to the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to its conflicts-of-law principles and shall be construed accordingly. The exclusive forum and venue for any legal action arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, and the parties submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court. If neither subject matter nor diversity jurisdiction exists in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, then the exclusive forum and venue for any such action shall be the courts of the State of Minnesota located in Hennepin County, and the Team Member, as a condition of this Agreement, consents to the personal jurisdiction of that court. If any provision of this Agreement, the Award Letter or the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Agreement, the Award Letter or the Plan, and the Agreement, the Award Letter and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 
 18. Currencies and Dates . Unless otherwise stated, all dollars specified in this Agreement and the Award Letter shall be in U.S. dollars and all dates specified in this Agreement shall be U.S. dates. 
 
 19. Survival . The Team Member agrees that the terms of Sections 9 and 14 shall survive the Team Member s termination of Service, the end of the Performance Period, and any conversion of the Award into Shares. 
 
 20. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Team Member s participation in the Plan, on the PBRSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require the Team Member to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 21. Plan and Award Letter Incorporated by Reference Electronic Delivery . The Plan, as hereafter amended from time to time, and the Award Letter shall be deemed to be incorporated into this Agreement and are integral parts hereof. In the event there is any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. This Agreement, the Plan and the Award Letter embody the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and the Team Member pertaining to this grant of PBRSUs and supersede all prior agreements and understandings (oral or written) between them relating to the subject matter hereof. The Company or a third party designated by the Company may deliver to the Team Member by electronic means any documents related to his or her participation in the Plan. The Team Member acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Award Letter. 
 
 End of Agreement 
 8. 

</EX-10.4 2>

<EX-10.4 3>
 4
 tgt20230128-exhibit1043.htm
 EX-10.4 3

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.4.3 

Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made in Minneapolis, Minnesota as of the date of grant (the Grant Date set forth in the award letter (the Award Letter by and between the Company and the person (the Team Member identified in the Award Letter. This award (the Award of Performance Share Units PSUs ), provided to you as a Service Provider, is being issued under the Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan ), subject to the following terms and conditions. 
 
 1. Definitions . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the defined terms used in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Plan. The term Committee shall also include those persons to whom authority has been delegated under the Plan. 
 
 2. Grant of PSUs . Subject to the relevant terms of the Plan and this Agreement, as of the Grant Date, the Company has granted the Team Member the number of PSUs set forth in the Award Letter (the Goal Payout ). The maximum number of Shares that may be earned is equal to XX of the Goal Payout (the Maximum Payout ). The number of Shares actually earned, if any, shall depend on the Company s performance during the period comprised of the Company s XX consecutive fiscal years beginning with XX (the Performance Period ). 
 
 3. Payout Formula . Except as set forth in Section 5, the actual number of Shares earned will be determined by the Committee pursuant to a formula established by the Committee to measure the Company s performance during the Performance Period (the Payout Formula ). The determination of the actual number of Shares earned, which shall not exceed the Maximum Payout, shall occur as soon as practicable after completion of the Performance Period, but in any event not later than November 30 of the calendar year in which the Performance Period ends (the date the Committee so determines, the Determination Date ). A description of the Payout Formula and the percentage of Shares to be earned, if any, for the various levels of performance will be communicated to the Team Member. All decisions of the Committee regarding the application of the Payout Formula and the number of Shares earned shall be final and binding on the Team Member. Except as set forth in Section 5, the Award shall be cancelled and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder if any of the following occur (a) the Determination Date does not occur, or (b) the Committee determines on the Determination Date that no Shares have been earned. 
 
 4. Continuous Service Requirement . In order to vest in any PSUs, the Team Member must be continuously providing Service from the Grant Date to the end of the Performance Period, except as described in this Section and Section 5. Even if the Team 

Member is not continuously providing Service through the end of the Performance Period, upon the occurrence of one of the events specified in Sections 4(a) through 4(d), the applicable number of PSUs shall vest, the actual number of Shares earned during the Performance Period, if any, shall be determined pursuant to the Payout Formula, and such Shares shall be paid out as provided in Section 10, in accordance with and subject to any restrictions set forth in this Agreement, the Plan or any Release Agreement that the Team Member may be required to enter pursuant to this Section or Section 5. Release Agreement means an agreement containing a release of claims, a covenant not to engage in competitive employment, and or other provisions deemed appropriate by the Committee in its sole discretion. The Committee, in its sole discretion, makes all determinations required under this Section 4. 
 
 (a) Early Retirement Date . The Team Member s outstanding unvested PSUs subject to this Agreement shall vest in full as of the date the last of the Early Retirement Conditions is satisfied. The Early Retirement Conditions are, as applicable (i) the Team Member attaining age 45 and completing at least 15 years of Service (which 15 years need not be continuous) on or prior to the Team Member s termination of Service (which termination may be voluntary or involuntary), (ii) the Company receiving a valid unrevoked Release Agreement from the Team Member, and (iii) if the Team Member s termination of Service is voluntary, the Team Member commencing discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources executive regarding the Team Member s consideration of termination at least six months prior to the Team Member s termination of Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following additional Early Retirement Conditions must be satisfied to the extent applicable If the Team Member s termination of Service described in 4(a)(i) occurs (A) prior to the Team Member s attainment of age 48, the Team Member was providing Service for at least XX , (B) prior to the Team Member s attainment of age 52 and on or after attainment of age 48, the Team Member was providing Service for at least XX , and (C) prior to the Team Member s attainment of age 55 and on or after attainment of age 52, the Team Member was providing Service for at least XX . 
 
 (b) Normal Retirement Date . The applicable number of the Team Member s outstanding unvested PSUs subject to this agreement shall vest as of the date the last of the Normal Retirement Conditions is satisfied, as applicable. The Normal Retirement Conditions are (i) the Team Member attaining age 55 and completing at least 5 years of Service (which 5 years need not be continuous) on or prior to the Team Member s termination of Service (which termination may be voluntary or involuntary), (ii) the Company receiving a valid unrevoked Release Agreement from the Team Member, and (iii) if the Team Member s termination of Service is voluntary, the Team Member commencing discussions with the Company s Chief Executive Officer or most senior human resources executive regarding the Team Member s consideration of termination at least six months prior to the Team Member s termination of Service. If the Team Member s termination of Service described in Section 4(b)(i) is voluntary and occurs during the first 12 months of the Performance Period, the Team Member will vest in a portion of the PSUs subject to this Agreement. Such vested portion will be determined by multiplying the number of outstanding unvested PSUs by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from the start of the Performance Period through the Team Member s termination of Service and the denominator of which is the number of days during the Performance Period. If the Team Member s termination of Service described in 4(b)(i) occurs 
 
 2. 

during the final 24 months of the Performance Period, the Team Member shall be vested in all outstanding unvested PSUs subject to this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Death . In the event of the Team Member s death prior to the Team Member s termination of Service, the Team Member shall be vested in all outstanding unvested PSUs. 
 
 (d) Disability . In the event of the Team Member s Disability (as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, provided such determination complies with the definition of disability under Code Section 409A) prior to the Team Member s termination of Service, the Team Member shall be vested in all outstanding unvested PSUs. 
 
 5. Change in Control . If a Change in Control occurs prior to the Determination Date and the Award is assumed or replaced pursuant to Section 11(b)(1) of the Plan, the Award will continue to be subject to the Continuous Service Requirement provided in Section 4, but the total number of Shares earned under the Payout Formula shall be deemed to be equal to the Goal Payout. Notwithstanding the foregoing and any other contrary provision of this Agreement, if within two years after a Change in Control and prior to the end of the Performance Period, the Team Member s Service terminates voluntarily by the Team Member for Good Reason or involuntarily without Cause, provided that the Company has received a valid unrevoked Release Agreement from the Team Member, the Team Member shall be vested in all outstanding unvested PSUs, and the total number of Shares earned under the Payout Formula shall be deemed to be equal to the Goal Payout. 
 
 6. Cause . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Committee concludes, in its sole discretion, that the Team Member s Service was terminated in whole or in part for Cause, all of the PSUs subject to the Award that have not previously been converted to Shares shall terminate immediately and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder. 
 
 7. Other Termination Changes of Service . If the Team Member s termination of Service occurs at any time prior to the end of the Performance Period for any reason not meeting the conditions specified in Sections 4 or 5, all of the PSUs subject to the Award shall terminate effective as of the date of termination of Service and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder. Service shall not be deemed terminated in the case of (a) any approved leave of absence, or (b) transfers among the Company and any Subsidiaries in the same Service Provider capacity however, a termination of Service shall occur if (i) the relationship the Team Member had with the Company or a Subsidiary at the Grant Date terminates, even if the Team Member continues in another Service Provider capacity with the Company or a Subsidiary, or (ii) the Team Member experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 
 
 8. Restrictive Covenant . By accepting the Award, the Team Member specifically agrees to the restrictive covenant contained in this Section 8 (the Restrictive Covenant and the Team Member agrees that the Restrictive Covenant and the remedies described herein are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company. 
 
 3. 

(a) Non-Solicitation . The Team Member agrees that for the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the date that is one year following the Team Member s termination of Service, the Team Member will not recruit for employment directly or indirectly, any employee of the Company with whom the Team Member worked, or about whom the Team Member possesses any Company personnel information. 
 
 (b) Remedies. The Team Member agrees that immediate irreparable damage will result to Company if the Team Member breaches the Restrictive Covenant set forth in this Agreement. Therefore, in the event the Team Member breaches this Agreement, whether directly or indirectly, the Team Member consents to specific enforcement of this Agreement through an injunction or restraining order. Injunctive relief shall be awarded in addition to any other remedies or damages available at law or in equity. The Team Member specifically agrees that the Company is entitled to the attorneys fees and expenses the Company incurs to enforce this Agreement, and that the Team Member is responsible for paying the Company s costs and attorneys fees incurred as a result of enforcing any provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 (c) Recovery. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, if the Committee concludes, in its sole discretion, that the Team Member has breached the Restrictive Covenant, the Company may take one or more of the following actions with respect to the Award 
 
 (i) immediately terminate all of the PSUs subject to the Award that have not previously been converted to Shares, and the Team Member shall have no rights hereunder and 
 (ii) require repayment of all or any portion of the amounts realized or received by the Team Member resulting from the conversion of PSUs to Shares or the sale of Shares related to the Award. 
 
 9. Dividend Equivalents . The Team Member shall have the right to receive additional PSUs with a value equal to the regular cash dividend paid on one Share for each PSU earned pursuant to this Agreement prior to the conversion of PSUs and issuance of Shares pursuant to Section 10. The dividend equivalents will be based on the actual number of PSUs earned pursuant to this Agreement. The number of additional PSUs to be received as dividend equivalents for each PSU held shall be determined by dividing the cash dividend per share by the Fair Market Value of one Share on the dividend payment date provided, however, that for purposes of avoiding the issuance of fractional PSUs, on each dividend payment date the additional PSUs issued as dividend equivalents shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number. All such additional PSUs received as dividend equivalents shall be subject to forfeiture in the same manner and to the same extent as the original PSUs granted hereby, and shall be converted into Shares on the basis and at the time set forth in Section 10 hereof. 
 
 10. Conversion of PSUs and Issuance of Shares . Vested PSUs shall be converted to Shares in accordance with the Payout Formula and shall be issued as soon as practicable 
 
 4. 

following the end of the Performance Period and after the Committee has determined on the Determination Date that they have been earned, but not later than 90 days following the Determination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, PSUs meeting the conditions specified in Section 5 involving termination of the Team Member s Service voluntarily for Good Reason or involuntarily without Cause, shall be converted to Shares that shall be issued within 90 days following such termination. The Committee in its sole discretion may accelerate or delay the distribution of any payment under this Agreement to the extent allowed or required under Code Section 409A. Payment of amounts under this Agreement are intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and this Agreement shall in all respects be administered and construed to give effect to such intent. 
 
 11. Taxes . The Team Member acknowledges that (a) the ultimate liability for any and all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items legally due by him or her is and remains the Team Member s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company and or a Subsidiary to which the Team Member is providing Service (the Service Recipient ), and (b) the Company and or the Service Recipient or a former Service Recipient, as applicable, (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the PSUs, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting and or conversion of the PSUs and issuance of Shares (ii) do not commit and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the PSUs to reduce or eliminate the Team Member s liability for Tax-Related Items (iii) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction if the Team Member has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event and (iv) may refuse to deliver the Shares to the Team Member if he or she fails to comply with his or her obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as provided in this Section. 
 
 The Team Member authorizes and consents to the Company and or the Service Recipient, or their respective agents, satisfying all applicable Tax-Related Items which the Company reasonably determines are legally payable by him or her by withholding from the Shares that would otherwise be delivered to the Team Member the highest number of whole Shares that the Company determines has a value less than or equal to the aggregate applicable Tax-Related Items. In lieu thereof, the Team Member may elect at the time of conversion of the PSUs such other then-permitted method or combination of methods established by the Company and or the Service Recipient to satisfy the Team Member s Tax-Related Items. 
 
 12. Limitations on Transfer . The Award shall not be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered by the Team Member other than pursuant to the terms of the Plan. 
 
 13. Recoupment Provision . Unless otherwise required by the Company s then-effective Recoupment Policy, in the event of intentional misconduct of the Team Member that causes the Company material financial or material reputational harm, or contributes to a restatement of the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company may take one or more of the following actions with respect to the Award, as determined by the Compensation 
 
 5. 

& Human Capital Management Committee of the Board in its sole discretion, and the Team Member shall be bound by such determination 
 
 (a) cancel all or a portion of the PSUs, whether earned or unearned, including any dividend equivalents related to the Award and 
 
 (b) require repayment of all or any portion of the amounts realized or received by the Team Member resulting from the conversion of PSUs to Shares or the sale of Shares related to the Award. 
 
 The term restatement shall mean the result of revising financial statements previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to reflect the correction of an error. The term intentional misconduct shall be limited to conduct that the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee or its delegate determines indicates an intentional violation of law, an intentional violation of the Company s Code of Ethics (or any successor or replacement code of conduct for employees), or an intentional violation of a significant ethics or compliance policy of the Company, but shall not include good faith errors in judgment made by the Team Member. 
 
 The Team Member agrees that the Company may setoff any amounts it is entitled to recover under this Section against any amounts owed by the Company to the Team Member under any of the Company s deferred compensation plans to the extent permitted under Code Section 409A. This Section 13 shall not apply, and no amounts may be recovered hereunder, following a Change in Control. 
 
 14. No Employment Rights . Nothing in this Agreement, the Plan or the Award Letter shall confer upon the Team Member any right to continued Service with the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, nor shall it interfere with or limit in any way any right of the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, to terminate the Team Member s Service at any time with or without Cause or change the Team Member s compensation, other benefits, job responsibilities or title provided in compliance with applicable local laws and permitted under the terms of the Team Member s Service contract, if any. 
 
 (a) The Team Member s rights to vest in the PSUs or receive Shares after termination of Service shall be determined pursuant to Sections 3 through 10. Those rights and the Team Member s date of termination of Service will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (e.g., active service would not include a period of garden leave or similar notice period pursuant to local law). 
 
 (b) This Agreement, the Plan and the Award Letter are separate from, and shall not form, any part of the contract of Service of the Team Member, or affect any of the rights and obligations arising from the Service relationship between the Team Member and the Company and or the Service Recipient. 
 
 6. 

(c) No Service Provider has a right to participate in the Plan. All decisions with respect to future grants, if any, shall be at the sole discretion of the Company and or the Service Recipient. 
 
 (d) The Team Member will have no claim or right of action in respect of any decision, omission or discretion which may operate to the disadvantage of the Team Member. 
 
 15. Nature of Grant . In accepting the grant, the Team Member acknowledges, understands, and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement, and any such modification, amendment, suspension or termination will not constitute a constructive or wrongful dismissal 
 
 (b) the PSUs are extraordinary items and are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or welfare or retirement benefits or similar payments 
 
 (c) in no event should the PSUs be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company or the Service Recipient, nor are the PSUs or the underlying Shares intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (d) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (e) the Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Team Member s participation in the Plan or the PSUs 
 
 (f) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the PSUs resulting from termination of the Team Member s Service (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws), and in consideration of the grant of the PSUs to which the Team Member is otherwise not entitled, the Team Member irrevocably (i) agrees never to institute any such claim against the Company or the Service Recipient, (ii) waives the Team Member s ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and (iii) releases the Company and the Service Recipient from any such claim. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, the Team Member shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claims 
 
 (g) this Agreement is not a condition of the Team Member s employment or continued employment and 
 
 7. 

(h) the Team Member is hereby advised to consult with personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the PSUs or the Plan. 
 
 16. Governing Law Venue Jurisdiction Severability . To the extent that federal laws do not otherwise control, this Agreement, the Award Letter, the Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant to the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota without regard to its conflicts-of-law principles and shall be construed accordingly. The exclusive forum and venue for any legal action arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, and the parties submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court. If neither subject matter nor diversity jurisdiction exists in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, then the exclusive forum and venue for any such action shall be the courts of the State of Minnesota located in Hennepin County, and the Team Member, as a condition of this Agreement, consents to the personal jurisdiction of that court. If any provision of this Agreement, the Award Letter or the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Agreement, the Award Letter or the Plan, and the Agreement, the Award Letter and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 
 17. Currencies and Dates . Unless otherwise stated, all dollars specified in this Agreement and the Award Letter shall be in U.S. dollars and all dates specified in this Agreement shall be U.S. dates. 
 
 18. Survival . The Team Member agrees that the terms of Sections 8 and 13 shall survive the Team Member s termination of Service, the end of the Performance Period, and any conversion of the Award into Shares. 
 
 19. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Team Member s participation in the Plan, on the PSUs and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require the Team Member to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 
 20. Plan and Award Letter Incorporated by Reference Electronic Delivery . The Plan, as hereafter amended from time to time, and the Award Letter shall be deemed to be incorporated into this Agreement and are integral parts hereof. In the event there is any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. This Agreement, the Plan and the Award Letter embody the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and the Team Member pertaining to this grant of PSUs and supersede all prior agreements and understandings (oral or written) between them relating to the subject matter hereof. The Company or a third party designated by the Company may deliver to the Team Member by electronic means any documents related to his or her participation in the Plan. The Team Member acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the Award Letter. 
 
 End of Agreement 
 8. 

</EX-10.4 3>

<EX-10.9>
 5
 tgt-20230128xexhibit109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.9 

 TARGET CORPORATION OFFICER EDCP (2023 PLAN STATEMENT) 
 
 Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 2023 

TARGET CORPORATION OFFICER EDCP (2023 Plan Statement) 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Section 1 INTRODUCTION DEFINITIONS 1 
 1.1 Name of Plan History 1 
 1.2 Definitions 2 
 Section 2 PARTICIPATION AND DEFERRAL ELECTIONS 9 
 2.1 Eligibility. 9 
 2.2 Special Rules for Participating Employees 9 
 2.3 Termination of Participation 9 
 2.4 Rehires and Transfers . 9 
 2.5 Effect on Employment . 10 
 2.6 Condition of Participation . 10 
 2.7 Deferral Elections 11 
 2.8 Base Salary Deferrals 11 
 2.9 Bonus Deferrals 12 
 2.10 Performance Share Award Deferrals 12 
 2.11 Cancellation of Deferral Elections . 12 
 Section 3 CREDITS TO ACCOUNTS 13 
 3.1 Elective Deferral Credit 13 
 3.2 Restoration Match Credit . 13 
 3.3 SPP Benefit Transfer Credits . 14 
 3.4 ESBP Benefit Transfer Credit 15 
 3.5 Discretionary Credits 15 
 Section 4 ADJUSTMENTS OF ACCOUNTS 17 
 4.1 Establishment of Accounts 17 
 4.2 Adjustments of Accounts 17 
 4.3 Investment Adjustment 17 
 4.4 Enhancement. 18 
 4.5 Account Adjustments Upon a Change-in-Control or Plan Termination 19 
 Section 5 VESTING 20 
 5.1 Deferral Credits and Restoration Match Credits . 20 
 5.2 Discretionary Credits 20 
 5.3 Enhancement . 20 
 5.4 Failure to Cooperate Misinformation or Failure to Disclose 21 
 
 i 

5.5 Plan Administrator Discretion 21 
 Section 6 DISTRIBUTION 22 
 6.1 Distribution Elections 22 
 6.2 General Rule 22 
 6.3 Six-Month Suspension for Specified Employees 24 
 6.4 Distribution on Account of Death Distribution Following Death 24 
 6.5 Distribution on Account of Unforeseeable Emergency . 25 
 6.6 Designation of Beneficiaries . 25 
 6.7 Facility of Payment . 27 
 6.8 Tax Withholding 27 
 6.9 Payments Upon Rehire 27 
 6.10 Application for Distribution 27 
 6.11 Acceleration of Distributions 27 
 6.12 Delay of Distributions 28 
 Section 7 SOURCE OF PAYMENTS NATURE OF INTEREST 29 
 7.1 Source of Payments . 29 
 7.2 Unfunded Obligation 29 
 7.3 Establishment of Trust 29 
 7.4 Spendthrift Provision 29 
 7.5 Compensation Recovery (Recoupment) 30 
 Section 8 ADOPTION, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 31 
 8.1 Adoption 31 
 8.2 Amendment . 31 
 8.3 Termination and Liquidation. 31 
 Section 9 CLAIM PROCEDURES 33 
 9.1 Claims Procedure 33 
 9.2 Rules and Regulations . 34 
 9.3 Limitations and Exhaustion. 35 
 Section 10 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 37 
 10.1 Plan Administration . 37 
 10.2 Conflict of Interest 37 
 10.3 Service of Process 38 
 10.4 Choice of Law 38 
 10.5 Responsibility for Delegate 38 
 10.6 Expenses 38 
 10.7 Errors in Computations 38 
 10.8 Indemnification 38 
 ii 

10.9 Notice 38 
 Section 11 CONSTRUCTION 39 
 11.1 ERISA Status 39 
 11.2 IRC Status 39 
 11.3 Rules of Document Construction 39 
 11.4 References to Laws 39 
 11.5 Appendices 39 
 
 iii 

SECTION 1 INTRODUCTION DEFINITIONS 
 1.1 Name of Plan History . This Plan (formerly known as the Target Corporation SMG Executive Officer Deferred Compensation Plan) is a non-qualified, unfunded plan established for the purpose of allowing a select group of management or highly compensated employees to defer the receipt of income. This Plan was originally adopted effective as of January 1, 1997 and was amended at various times thereafter. Effective April 30, 2002, Participants in this Plan who were members of the Company s Corporate Operating Committee received credits under this Plan equal to the present value of their benefit under the supplemental pension plans maintained by the Company. Each subsequent April, the Participant receives annual SPP Benefit Transfer Credits equal to the change in value of his or her benefit under the supplemental pension plans. Effective July 31, 2002, this program was extended to include all officers of the Company. Effective April 30, 2002, Participants in this Plan who were members of the Company s Corporate Operating Committee received credits under this Plan equal to the present value of their benefit under the Company s ESBP. Each subsequent April, Participants received annual credits equal to the change in value of his or her benefit under the ESBP. Effective October 28, 2005, all officers who had not previously received ESBP Benefit Transfer Credits, received a one-time transfer of the present value of their benefit under the ESBP. As of January 28, 2006, a one-time ESBP credit was made to certain executive committee members and no subsequent ESBP Benefit Transfer Credits were made to those receiving the one-time ESBP credit. From time to time, certain participants in the Target Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan Senior Management Group ODCP and the Company negotiated to transfer the economic value of their benefit under ODCP to this Plan. Officers eligible to receive performance share awards granted in the fiscal years ending February 1, 2003 and January 31, 2004 had an opportunity to defer receipt of the value of the earned performance shares into this Plan at the end of the performance period. The performance period for the shares granted in 2003 ended February 3, 2007. The performance period for the shares granted in 2004 ended February 2, 2008. Effective January 1, 2005 (and other effective dates as specifically provided), this Plan was operated in compliance with Code section 409A. Effective January 29, 2006, members of the Company s executive committee ceased to be eligible to receive enhanced earnings on their account balances. The Plan, which is intended to comply with Code section 409A, was amended and restated effective January 1, 2009. The Plan was amended and restated to incorporate the Company s recoupment policy effective January 13, 2010. The Plan was amended and restated to reflect Plan administration and amendment changes authorized by the Board on November 10, 2010, to modify the Change in Control definition, and to set forth special provisions that are applicable to certain Participants who transfer to Canada, effective as of June 8, 2011. The Plan was amended and restated to reflect the replacement of the Stable Value Crediting Rate Alternative with the Intermediate-Term Bond Crediting Rate Alternative beginning June 6, 2012, effective as of June 5, 2012. The Plan was amended and restated to revise the method for distributing the final SPP Transfer Credit following a Termination of Employment for amounts accruing on or after January 1, 2014, to clarify the differences between executive officer and member of the executive committee, and to clarify the timing of certain post-death payments, effective December 1, 2013. The Plan was amended and restated effective January 1, 2014 to freeze that portion of the annual SPP Transfer Credit that arises from a positive accrual under SPP III after February 3, 2013 solely from treating the Participant as five years older than his or her actual age for purposes of determining the amount of the annual SPP Benefit Transfer Credit. The 

Plan was amended and restated effective January 1, 2015 (i) to revise the participation rules for Participants who are transferred to Canada on a temporary basis, (ii) to modify the Restoration Match Credit determination to cover Participants who are entitled to differing qualified 401(k) plan matching contribution percentages, (iii) to change the phrase member of the executive committee to executive Officer each place the phrase appears, and (iv) to define the term executive Officer to mean a Section 16 officer or executive officer as defined under Federal securities laws. The Plan was amended and restated effective April 3, 2016, (i) to provide that the Restoration Match Credit will, under certain circumstances, be credited to a Participant s Account prior to the end of the Plan Year, effective for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2017, (ii) to delete Appendix B Participants on Temporary Assignment to Canada because it has ceased to be applicable, (iii) to clarify the definition of executive Officer as being an executive officer under Item 401 of Regulation S-K, and (iv) to remove unnecessary language from the recoupment provisions. The Plan was amended and restated effective January 1, 2017 (i) to add a five (5) year vesting requirement for the Restoration Match Credits for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2016, (ii) to change the Enhancement from a monthly credit to an annual credit with an end of the year employment requirement, and (iii) to take advantage of some additional regulatory flexibility with respect to payments following death. The Plan was amended and restated effective May 1, 2017 to include rules about use of the Company Stock Fund Crediting Rate Alternative after Termination of Employment. The Plan was amended and restated effective January 1, 2021, as provided in this Plan Statement, (i) to include a limitation on the frequency of changes made to the Company Stock Fund Crediting Rate Alternative, and (ii) to make miscellaneous updating changes to the Plan Statement. The Plan was amended and restated effective May 1, 2022, (i) to change the term executive Officer to Leadership Team Member , (ii) to define the term Leadership Team Member, and (iii) to make miscellaneous updating changes to the Plan Statement. The Plan was amended and restated effective January 1, 2023, to provide that the when SPP Transfer Credits to Leadership Team Members are negative, the corresponding debit automatically occurs. 
 1.2 Definitions. When the following terms are used herein with initial capital letters, they shall have the following meanings 
 1.2.1 Account. Account means the separate bookkeeping account representing the separate unfunded and unsecured general obligation of the Participating Employers established with respect to each person who is a Participant in this Plan. Within each Participant s Account, separate subaccounts shall be maintained to the extent the Plan Administrator determines it to be necessary or desirable for the administration of this Plan. 
 1.2.2 Affiliate. An Affiliate is the Company and all persons, with whom the Company would be considered a single employer under Code section 414(b) or 414(c). 
 1.2.3 Base Salary. Base Salary with respect to a Plan Year means Certified Earnings as modified by the rules below 
 (a) the limits imposed by Code section 401(a)(17) will not apply 
 (b) deferrals under Section 2.8 of this Plan are included as Base Salary and 
 2 

(c) Bonus and Signing Bonus amounts are not included as Base Salary. 
 1.2.4 Beneficiary. Beneficiary means an individual (human being), a trust that is a United Sates person within the meaning of the Code, a person that has been recognized as a charitable organization under Code section 170(b), or the Participant s estate designated in accordance with Section 6.6 to receive all or a part of the Participant s Account in the event of the Participant s death prior to full distribution thereof. A person so designated shall not be considered a Beneficiary until the death of the Participant. 
 1.2.5 Board. Board is the Board of Directors of the Company, or such committee of the Board of Directors to which the Board of Directors of the Company has delegated the respective authority. 
 1.2.6 Bonus. Bonus with respect to a Plan Year means that portion of Certified Earnings that is equal to the amount payable under the primary, regular incentive plan of a Participating Employer or other Affiliate that is earned, or intended to be earned, over a period of at least a calendar quarter or fiscal quarter as modified by the rules below 
 (a) the limits imposed by Code section 401(a)(17) will not apply 
 (b) deferrals under Section 2.9 of this Plan are included as Bonus and 
 (c) Signing Bonus amounts are not included as Bonus. 
 1.2.7 Certified Earnings. Certified Earnings has the same meaning as the defined term in the Target 401(k) Plan (determined without regard to the 30-day receipt rule) provided, however, Certified Earnings shall not include compensation that is earned for services rendered by a Participant for any period following a Participant s Termination of Employment. 
 1.2.8 Change in Control. Change-in-Control means one of the following 
 (a) Individuals who are Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute 50 or more of the directors of the Company or 
 (b) 30 or more of the outstanding voting power of the Voting Stock of the Company is acquired or beneficially owned (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) by any Person, other than an entity resulting from a Business Combination in which clauses (x) and (y) of Section 1.2.8(c) apply or 
 (c) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity, a statutory share exchange, a sale or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or a similar business combination (each, a Business Combination ), in each case unless, immediately following such Business Combination, (x) all or substantially all of the beneficial owners (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of the Company s Voting Stock immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 60 of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of voting stock (or comparable voting equity 
 3 

interests) of the surviving or acquiring entity resulting from such Business Combination (including such beneficial ownership of an entity that, as a result of such transaction, owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries), in substantially the same proportions (as compared to the other beneficial owners of the Company s Voting Stock immediately prior to such Business Combination) as their beneficial ownership of the Company s Voting Stock immediately prior to such Business Combination, and (y) no Person beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 30 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting stock (or comparable equity interests) of the surviving or acquiring entity (other than a direct or indirect parent entity of the surviving or acquiring entity, that, after giving effect to the Business Combination, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 100 of the outstanding voting stock (or comparable equity interests) of the surviving or acquiring entity) or 
 (d) approval by the shareholders of a definitive agreement or plan to liquidate or dissolve the Company. 
 For purposes of this Section 1.2.8 
 Continuing Director means an individual (A) who is, as of the Effective Date, a director of the Company, or (B) who becomes a director of the Company after the Effective Date, and whose initial appointment, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by at least a majority of the then Continuing Directors provided, however, that any individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened contested election by any Person (other than the Board of Directors) seeking the election of such nominee in which the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected shall not be a Continuing Director 
 Person means any individual, firm, corporation or other entity and shall include any group comprised of any person and any other person with whom such person or any affiliate or associate (as defined in Rule 14a-1(a) of the Exchange Act) of such person has any agreement, arrangement or understanding, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any capital stock of the Company 
 Voting Stock means all then-outstanding capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Company and Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 1.2.9 Code. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (including, when the context requires, all regulations, interpretations and rulings issued hereunder). 
 1.2.10 Intentionally left blank. 
 1.2.11 Company. Company means Target Corporation, a Minnesota corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 4 

1.2.12 Company s Fiscal Year. Company s Fiscal Year means the period commencing on the Sunday that immediately follows the Saturday that is nearest to the last day in January through the Saturday that is nearest to the last day in January in the following year. 
 1.2.13 Crediting Rate Alternative. Crediting Rate Alternative means a hypothetical investment option used for the purpose of measuring income, gains and losses to the Accounts of Participants (as if the Accounts had in fact been so invested). The Crediting Rate Alternatives shall be designated in writing by the Plan Administrator. Reference in this Plan Statement to a specific Crediting Rate Alternative is a reference to the corresponding investment fund available under the Target 401(k) Plan. 
 1.2.14 Deferral Credit. A Deferral Credit is the amount credited to a Participant s Account pursuant to Section 3.1. 
 1.2.15 Disabled. A Participant will be Disabled if he or she has become entitled to receive disability income benefits under the provisions of the Social Security Act. 
 1.2.16 Discretionary Credit. A Discretionary Credit is the amount credited to a Participant s Account pursuant to Section 3.5. 
 1.2.17 Earnings Credit. Earnings Credit means the investment adjustment credited to a Participant s Account pursuant to Section 4.3 or Section 4.5 as applicable. 
 1.2.18 EDCP. EDCP means the Target Corporation EDCP, a non-qualified, unfunded deferred compensation plan maintained by the Company and certain other Affiliates. 
 1.2.19 Effective Date. The Effective Date of this Plan Statement is January 1, 2023, except as otherwise provided. 
 1.2.20 Eligible Compensation. Eligible Compensation means the Base Salary and Bonus that the Participant receives or is entitled to receive from his or her Participating Employer for services rendered. 
 1.2.21 Employee. An Employee is an individual who performs services for a Participating Employer as an employee of the Participating Employer (as classified by the Participating Employer at the time the services are preformed and without regard to any subsequent reclassification) and does not include any individual who is classified an independent contractor. 
 1.2.22 Enhancement. Enhancement means an additional .1667 of investment earnings per month added to the applicable Crediting Rate Alternatives as provided in Section 4.4. 
 1.2.23 ERISA. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (including, when the context requires, all regulations, interpretations and rulings issued thereunder). 
 1.2.24 ESBP. ESBP means the Target Corporation Post Retirement Executive Survivor Benefit Plan. 
 5 

1.2.25 ESBP Benefit. ESBP Benefit means the actuarial lump sum present value of a Participant s survivor benefit under the ESBP determined as of a particular determination date under Section 3.4 but without regard to whether the Participant had experienced either an early retirement or normal retirement under the Target Pension Plan as provided under the ESBP. The present value of such survivor benefit will be determined by the Company in its sole and absolute discretion based on such interest rates, mortality factors and other assumptions deemed appropriate by the Company. 
 1.2.26 ESBP Benefit Transfer Credits. ESBP Benefit Transfer Credits are the initial and annual credits to a Participant s Account under Section 3.4. 
 1.2.27 Leadership Team Member. Leadership Team Member means each member of the Company s Leadership Team (or any successor or replacement committee). 
 1.2.28 Newly Eligible Employee . Newly Eligible Employee means an Employee who either (i) was not previously eligible to participate in this Plan or any other non-qualified, deferred compensation plans maintained by a Participating Employer or other Affiliate, (ii) had been paid all amounts previously deferred under all non-qualified, deferred compensation plans maintained by a Participating Employer or other Affiliate and had ceased to be eligible to continue to participate in such plans on or before the date of payment of all amounts due under such plans, or (iii) was not eligible to participate in any non-qualified deferred compensation plans (other than the accrual of earnings) maintained by a Participating Employer or other Affiliate at any time during the 24-month period ending on the date the Employee has again become eligible to participate in the Plan. 
 1.2.29 Officer . An Officer is any Employee who is designated and categorized as an officer of the Company or other Affiliate by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 
 1.2.30 Participant. A Participant is an Employee who becomes a Participant in this Plan in accordance with the provisions of Section 2. An Employee who has become a Participant shall be considered to continue as a Participant in this Plan until the date when the Participant no longer has any Account under this Plan, or the date of the Participant s death, if earlier. 
 1.2.31 Participating Employer . Participating Employer means the Company and each other Affiliate that, with the consent of the Plan Administrator, adopts this Plan. A Participating Employer shall cease to be a Participating Employer on the date it ceases to be an Affiliate. 
 1.2.32 Performance Share Award. Performance Share Award means a performance share award issued under the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1999 or the Company s Long-Term Incentive Plan of 2004. 
 1.2.33 Plan. Plan means the nonqualified, unfunded income deferral program maintained by the Company and established for the benefit of Participants eligible to participate therein, as set forth in this Plan Statement. As used herein, Plan does not refer to the documents pursuant to which this Plan is maintained. That document is referred to herein as the Plan Statement . The Plan shall be referred to as the Target Corporation Officer EDCP (formerly known as the Target Corporation SMG Executive Deferred Compensation Plan). 
 6 

1.2.34 Plan Administrator. Plan Administrator is the individual designated in Sec. 10.1.1, or, if applicable, its delegate. 
 1.2.35 Plan Rules. Plan Rules are rules, policies, practices or procedures adopted by the Plan Administrator or its delegate pursuant to Section 10.1.5. 
 1.2.36 Plan Statement. Plan Statement means this document entitled Target Corporation Officer EDCP (2023 Plan Statement), as adopted by the Company, effective as of January 1, 2023, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 1.2.37 Plan Year. Plan Year means the period from January 1 through December 31. 
 1.2.38 Restoration Match Credit. Restoration Match Credit is the amount credited to a Participant s Account pursuant to Section 3.2. 
 1.2.39 Signing Bonus. Signing Bonus is the cash remuneration earned following a period of employment provided to certain new Employees related to their acceptance of employment with a Participating Employer. 
 1.2.40 SPP Benefit. SPP Benefit means the amount determined under Appendix A. 
 1.2.41 SPP Benefit Transfer Credit. SPP Benefit Transfer Credit is the amount credited to a Participant s Account under Section 3.3. 
 1.2.42 Specified Employee. For purposes of complying with the requirements of Code section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) (relating to the 6 month suspension of certain benefit distributions), an individual is a Specified Employee if on his or her Termination of Employment, the Company or other Affiliate has stock that is traded on an established securities market within the meaning of Code section 409A(a)(2)(B) and such individual is a key employee (defined below). For this purpose, an individual is a key employee during the 12-month period beginning on April 1 immediately following the calendar year in which the individual was employed by the Company and other Affiliates, and satisfied, at any time within such calendar year, the requirements of Code section 416(i)(1)(A)(i), (ii) or (iii) (without regard to Code section 416(i)(5)). An individual will not be treated as a Specified Employee if the individual is not required to be treated as a Specified Employee under Treasury Regulations issued under Code section 409A. 
 1.2.43 Target 401(k) Plan. Target 401(k) Plan means the tax-qualified defined contribution retirement plan, with a qualified cash or deferred arrangement, established by the Company for the benefit of employees eligible to participate therein, including both the Target Corporation 401(k) Plan and the Target Corporation Ventures 401(k) Plan. 
 1.2.44 Target Pension Plan. Target Pension Plan means the tax qualified defined benefit pension plan, established for the benefit of employees eligible to participate therein, and known as the Target Corporation Pension Plan, including any predecessor plan(s) or successor plan. 
 1.2.45 Termination of Employment. 
 7 

(a) For purposes of determining entitlement to or the amount of benefits under the Plan, Termination of Employment means a severance of a Participant s employment relationship with each Participating Employer and all Affiliates, for any reason. 
 (b) For purposes of determining when a distribution will be made under the Plan, a Termination of Employment will be deemed to occur if, based on the relevant facts and circumstances to the Participant, the Participating Employer, all Affiliates and Participant reasonably anticipate that the level of bona fide future services to be performed by the Participant for the Participating Employer and all Affiliates will permanently decrease to no more than 20 of the average level of bona fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36-month period. 
 (c) A bona fide leave of absence that is six months or less, or during which an individual retains a reemployment right, will not cause a Termination of Employment. In the case of a leave of absence without a right of reemployment that exceeds the time periods described in this paragraph, a Termination of Employment will be deemed to occur once the leave of absence exceeds six months. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Termination of Employment shall not occur unless such termination also qualifies as a separation from service, as defined under Code section 409A and related guidance thereunder. 
 1.2.46 Trust. Trust means the Target Corporation Deferred Compensation Trust Agreement, dated January 1, 2009 by and between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company, as it is amended from time to time, or similar trust agreement. 
 1.2.47 Unforeseeable Emergency. Unforeseeable Emergency means a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant s spouse, or a dependent (within the meaning of Code section 152(a)) of the Participant, loss of the Participant s property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant, but only if and to the extent such Unforeseeable Emergency constitutes an unforeseeable emergency under Code section 409A. 
 1.2.48 Valuation Date. Valuation Date means each business day on which the New York Stock Exchange is open. 
 1.2.49 Year of Service. A Year of Service means each 12-consecutive month period of an individual s continuous employment as an Employee after the date the Employee is first eligible to participate under this Plan (or the EDCP if the Employee transferred from the EDCP to this Plan) or in the event of a rehire, each 12-consecutive month period of an individual s continuous employment as an Employee after the date the Employee is again eligible to participate under this Plan (or the EDCP if the Employee transferred from the EDCP to this Plan). 
 
 8 

SECTION 2 PARTICIPATION AND DEFERRAL ELECTIONS 
 2.1 Eligibility. 
 2.1.1 An Employee is eligible to participate in this Plan on the first day of a Plan Year if, on such day, he or she 
 (a) is a qualified employee as that term is defined in the Target 401(k) Plan and 
 (b) is an Officer. 
 2.1.2 A Newly Eligible Employee is eligible to participate in this Plan on the date that is 30 days after the date he or she satisfies the requirements in Section 2.1.1. 
 2.1.3 An Employee shall, as a condition of participation in this Plan, complete such forms and make such elections in accordance with Plan Rules as the Plan Administrator may require. An Employee who satisfies the requirements of this Section 2.1 is eligible to participate in this Plan in accordance with and subject to the requirements of this Plan. 
 2.1.4 An Employee who has had a Termination of Employment as defined in Section 1.2.44(b), will not be eligible to make deferral elections for subsequent Plan Years until otherwise notified by the Plan Administrator. Any deferral election in effect at the time of such Termination of Employment will continue to apply with respect to any Eligible Compensation received from a Participating Employer or other Affiliate. Such Employee will still be eligible to receive credits, if any, pursuant to Sections 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5. 
 2.2 Special Rules for Participating Employees . A Participant who transfers employment from one Participating Employer to another Affiliate, whether or not a Participating Employer, will, for the duration of the Plan Year in which the transfer occurs, continue to participate in this Plan in accordance with the deferral election in effect at the time of such transfer. To the extent agreed in writing by an Affiliate and the Plan Administrator, such a transferred Participant may continue to be eligible to participate in this Plan in subsequent Plan Years. A Participant who is simultaneously employed with more than one Participating Employer will participate in this Plan as an Employee of each such Participating Employer on the basis of a single deferral election applied separately to his or her respective, Eligible Compensation from each Participating Employer. 
 2.3 Termination of Participation . Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan Statement or by the Plan Administrator, an Employee who ceases to satisfy the requirements of Section 2.1 is not eligible to continue to participate in the Plan, provided, that any deferral elections in effect, and irrevocable, will continue to apply with respect to any Eligible Compensation received from a Participating Employer or other Affiliate. The Participant s Account will continue to be governed by the terms of the Plan until such time as the Participant s Account balance is paid in accordance with the terms of the Plan. A Participant or Beneficiary will cease to be such as of the date on which his or her entire Account balance has been distributed. 
 2.4 Rehires and Transfers . 
 9 

2.4.1 A Participant who incurs a Termination of Employment and is rehired during the same calendar year will continue Base Salary deferrals for such calendar year in accordance with his or her election in effect immediately prior to the Termination of Employment. 
 2.4.2 A Participant who incurs a Termination of Employment and is rehired prior to the later of the end of the Plan Year or the date the Bonus for such Plan Year is paid in cash, will continue Bonus Deferrals for such Plan Year in accordance with his or her election in effect immediately prior to the Termination of Employment. 
 2.4.3 Transfers from Non-Officer Plan . An Employee who is a Participant in the EDCP and is promoted to an Officer position will cease to be eligible to participate in the EDCP and will be eligible to participate in this Plan, subject to the following rules 
 (a) The Employee will become a Participant in this Plan immediately upon satisfying the requirements to participate hereunder. 
 (b) The Employee s deferral elections made under the EDCP will transfer to the Plan and continue as an election made under Section 2. 
 (c) The Employee s account maintained under the EDCP will be transferred to the Employee s Account under this Plan. 
 (d) The Employee s distribution elections made under the EDCP (including any default distributions) will transfer to this Plan and continue as the distribution elections made under this Plan. 
 (e) The Employee s beneficiary designation made under the EDCP will be treated as the Employee s Beneficiary designation under this Plan until changed in accordance with Section 6.6. 
 2.5 Effect on Employment . 
 2.5.1 Not a Term of Employment . Neither the terms of this Plan Statement nor the benefits under this Plan (including the continuance thereof) shall be a term of the employment of any Employee. 
 2.5.2 Not an Employment Contract . This Plan is not and shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any Participating Employer and any Employee or other person, nor shall anything herein contained be deemed to give any Employee or other person any right to be retained in any Participating Employer s employ or in any way limit or restrict any Participating Employer s right or power to discharge any Employee or other person at any time and to treat him or her without regard to the effect that such treatment might have upon him or her as a Participant in this Plan. 
 2.6 Condition of Participation . 
 2.6.1 Cooperation. Each Participant shall cooperate with the Plan Administrator by furnishing any and all information requested by the Plan Administrator in order to facilitate the 
 10 

payment of benefits hereunder and taking such other relevant action as may be requested by the Plan Administrator. If a Participant refuses to cooperate, neither the Company nor any Participating Employer shall have any further obligation to the Participant under this Plan, other than payment to such Participant of the aggregate amount of Eligible Compensation deferred under Section 3.1. 
 2.6.2 Plan Terms and Rules. Each Participant, as a condition of participation in this Plan, is bound by all the terms and conditions of this Plan and the Plan Rules. 
 2.7 Deferral Elections . An Employee who satisfies the eligibility requirements of Section 2 may, at the time and in the manner provided hereunder, elect to defer the receipt of his or her Eligible Compensation. 
 2.7.1 General Rule. Except as otherwise provided in this Plan, an election shall be made before the beginning of the Plan Year during which the Participant performs services for which the Eligible Compensation is earned. The election must designate the percentage of the Base Salary or Bonus which shall be deferred under this Plan. In accordance with Plan Rules, the Plan Administrator will determine the manner and timing required to file a deferral election. No deferral election shall be effective unless prior to the deadline for making such election, the Participant has filed with the Plan Administrator, in accordance with Plan Rules, an insurance consent form permitting the Participating Employer or Company to purchase and maintain life insurance coverage on the Employee with the Participating Employer or Company as the beneficiary. An election to defer Eligible Compensation for the Plan Year or other period is irrevocable once it has been accepted by the Plan Administrator and the deadline for making such election has expired, except as otherwise provided under this Plan. 
 2.7.2 Newly Eligible Employees. For a Newly Eligible Employee, the deferral election may be made after the first day of a Plan Year provided it is made within 30 days after becoming eligible to participate in this Plan. Such a deferral election by a Newly Eligible Employee is irrevocable once it has been received by the Plan Administrator and the deadline for making such election has expired, except as otherwise provided under this Plan. Such election will be effective with respect to Eligible Compensation payable for services performed after becoming eligible for this Plan and commencing with the next full pay period after the deferral election becomes irrevocable. 
 2.7.3 Terminations of Employment. A Participant who completes a deferral election in accordance with this Section 2.7, but who has a Termination of Employment prior to the expiration of the deadline for making such election, will be deemed to have made no deferral election for the respective period. 
 2.8 Base Salary Deferrals . A Participant s election to defer Base Salary is subject to the following requirements 
 2.8.1 A Base Salary deferral election will be effective with respect to the first paycheck issued during the Plan Year, including for the payroll period that includes the last day of the preceding Plan Year, and such election will remain in effect through the last paycheck issued during the Plan Year. 
 11 

2.8.2 The Base Salary deferral percentage may not exceed 80 , except as provided in Plan Rules. 
 2.9 Bonus Deferrals . A Participant s election to defer his or her Bonus is subject to the following requirements 
 2.9.1 A Bonus deferral election will be in effect for service periods that begin in the Plan Year immediately following the date the election becomes irrevocable and continue through the end of the Plan Year or if the Bonus is paid after such Plan Year, through the date the Bonus would have been paid in cash. Notwithstanding Section 2.7.2, a Newly Eligible Employee may not elect to defer a Bonus that is payable with respect to a service period that begins before the effective date of the Newly Eligible Employee s deferral election. 
 2.9.2 A Participant s Bonus effective deferral percentage may not exceed 80 , except as provided in Plan Rules. 
 2.9.3 If a Participant has a Termination of Employment before the end of the service period for any Bonus, but is still entitled to receive a bonus, the Participant s existing Bonus deferral election will continue to apply. 
 2.10 Performance Share Award Deferrals . An election to defer a Participant s Performance Share Awards was available for Performance Share Awards issued in the Company s Fiscal Year ending in calendar year 2003 and 2004, as reflected in prior Plan Statements. 
 2.11 Cancellation of Deferral Elections . 
 2.11.1 401(k) Hardship. Prior to January 1, 2020, an election to defer under Sections 2.8, 2.9, and 2.10 would be cancelled to the extent necessary for the Participating Employer to comply with the hardship withdrawal provisions of such Participating Employer s 401(k) plan. 
 2.11.2 Unforeseeable Emergency. Notwithstanding any provisions in the Plan to the contrary, an election to defer under Sections 2.8, and 2.9, will be cancelled for the remaining portion of the Plan Year in the event the Participant has received a distribution on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency under Section 6.5. The revocation shall be made at the time and in the manner specified in Plan Rules and must otherwise comply with the requirements of Section 6.5. 
 
 12 

SECTION 3 CREDITS TO ACCOUNTS 
 3.1 Elective Deferral Credit . The Plan Administrator shall credit to the Account of each Participant the amount, if any, of Eligible Compensation the Participant elected to defer pursuant to Section 2. Such amount shall be credited as nearly as practicable as of the time or times when the Eligible Compensation would have been paid to the Participant but for the election to defer. 
 3.2 Restoration Match Credit . 
 3.2.1 Eligibility for Credit . An Employee who satisfies the eligibility requirements of Section 2.1 during a Plan Year will receive a Restoration Match Credit for the Plan Year if he or she (i) was actively employed and eligible to participate in this Plan on the last business day of the Plan Year (ii) has experienced a Termination of Employment as defined under Section 1.2.44(a) during the Plan Year after attaining age 55 and completing five (5) Years of Service (iii) has experienced a Termination of Employment as a result of death or (iv) has become Disabled during such Plan Year. 
 3.2.2 Amount of Credit . A Participant who satisfies the requirements of Section 3.2.1 is entitled to a Restoration Match Credit equal to the sum of 
 (a) The maximum matching contribution percentage the Participant is eligible to receive on deferrals under the applicable Target 401(k) Plan multiplied by the Participant s Base Salary and Bonus that is deferred under this Plan during the Plan Year and 
 (b) The maximum matching contribution percentage the Participant is eligible to receive on deferrals under the applicable Target 401(k) Plan multiplied by the Participant s Plan Year Base Salary and Bonus that is not deferred under this Plan during the Plan Year and that exceeds the compensation limit in effect under Code section 401(a)(17) for such Plan Year provided, however, that (x) no Restoration Match Credit shall be made for Base Salary or Bonus paid prior to the date the Participant became eligible to participate in the Target 401(k) Plan, and (y) the credit under this Section 3.2.2 will not exceed the amount of Deferral Credits made by the Participant under Section 3.1 during the Plan Year. 
 3.2.3 Crediting to Account . The Plan Administrator shall credit to a Participant s Account the amount of the Restoration Match Credit determined for the Plan Year for that Participant under Section 3.2.2 as of the date determined as follows 
 (a) for a Participant described in Section 3.2.1(iii), as soon as practicable following the date of the Participant s death or 
 (b) for all other Participants, the last business day of the Plan Year. 
 3.2.4 Credit Upon Change-in-Control . Upon a Change-in-Control that causes the Plan to be terminated under Section 8.3.2, the Plan Administrator shall credit to a Participant s Account as of the date of the Plan termination a Restoration Match Credit determined for the Plan Year for 
 13 

that Participant under Section 3.2.2 through such date. Any subsequent determination of the Restoration Match Credit during the same Plan Year will be made under Section 3.2.2, less any amounts previously credited under this Section 3.2.4. 
 3.3 SPP Benefit Transfer Credits . 
 3.3.1 Eligibility . A Participant who satisfies the eligibility requirements of Section 2.1 shall receive an SPP Benefit Transfer Credit under this Plan if he or she (i) is classified as an Officer of the Company (ii) has a vested benefit under the Target Pension Plan, including a vested interest arising on account of the Participant s death and (iii) satisfies any other requirement established in SPP I or SPP II, as applicable. 
 3.3.2 Initial SPP Benefit Transfer Credit . 
 (a) A Participant who satisfies the requirements of Section 3.3.1 receives an initial SPP Benefit Transfer Credit on or about the April 30 (or immediately preceding business day) immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant becomes eligible under Section 3.3.1, in an amount equal to the actuarial lump sum present value on March 31 (or immediately preceding business day) for the Participant s SPP Benefit accrued through the preceding December 31. In the case of Participant who is a Leadership Team Member, such transfer will be made and determined on or about the last business day prior to the end of the Company s Fiscal Year. 
 (b) Upon a Plan termination on account of a Change-in-Control under Section 8.3.2, the Plan Administrator shall credit the initial SPP Benefit Transfer Credit to a Participant s Account as of the Plan termination effective date in an amount equal to the actuarial lump sum present value on the Plan termination effective date. 
 3.3.3 Annual SPP Benefit Transfer Credit . A Participant who has received an initial SPP Benefit Transfer Credit under the Plan, who is eligible to receive credits pursuant to Section 3.3.1, and who is employed by a Participating Employer during a Plan Year will receive an annual SPP Benefit Transfer Credit to his or her Account under the Plan as follows 
 (a) For each Plan Year, the annual SPP Benefit Transfer Credit will be the difference between (i) the SPP Benefit determined as the last day of the Plan Year expressed as the actuarial lump sum present value on the determination date and (ii) the aggregate amount of the previous SPP Benefit Transfer Credits to the Participant s Account increased by assumed earnings at an annual rate equal to the sum of the average of the applicable Stable Value Crediting Rate Alternative for the Plan Year plus two percent (2 determined from the crediting date through the earlier of June 5, 2012 or the determination date and after June 5, 2012 at an annual rate equal to the sum of the average of the applicable Intermediate-Term Bond Index Fund Crediting Rate Alternative for the Plan Year plus two percent (2 from the later of June 5 or the crediting date through the determination date provided that with respect to periods that a Participant does not receive the Enhancement on their Account, the annual rate will be equal to the average of the applicable Stable Value 
 14 

Crediting Rate Alternative, through June 5, 2012, or the Intermediate-Term Bond Index Fund Crediting Rate Alternative, after June 5, 2012, as applicable. 
 (b) If the amount of the annual or final SPP Benefit Transfer Credit is positive, a credit will be made to the Participant s Account. If the amount of the SPP Benefit Transfer Credit is negative and (i) the Participant is a Leadership Team Member on the determination date, or (ii) the Participant is an Employee and was formerly a Leadership Team Member, then the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may cause such Participant s Account to be debited by such negative amount. The debit will be made pro rata among all distribution options of the Plan other than fixed payment dates. The debit will be made from the Crediting Rate Alternatives other than the Company Stock Fund, provided that the value of such Crediting Rate Alternatives other than the Company Stock Fund is greater than the debit. 
 (c) The annual SPP Benefit Transfer Credit (including a negative credit) will be made to the Participant s Account as of the April 30 (or immediately preceding business day) following the determination date. In the case of a Participant who is Leadership Team Member, the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may cause such transfer will be made and determined on or about the last business day prior to the end of the Company s Fiscal Year. 
 (d) For purposes of this section, determination date means on or about March 31 provided that in the case of a Participant who is a Leadership Team Member, the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may cause the determination date to be on or about the last business day prior to the end of the Company s Fiscal Year. 
 (e) Upon a Plan termination on account of a Change-in-Control under Section 8.3.2, the Plan Administrator shall credit to a Participant s Account as of the Plan termination effective date an SPP Benefit Transfer Credit as determined in this Section 3.3.3 as of the Plan termination effective date. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant s final SPP Benefit Transfer Credit will be determined within 60 days following his or her Termination of Employment as defined under Section 1.2.44(a). 
 3.3.4 Forfeiture . A Participant s SPP Benefit Transfer Credits under this Section 3.3 and corresponding earnings adjustments under Section 4 are subject to forfeiture at the time and in the amount provided under Sections 3.3.3(b). 
 3.4 ESBP Benefit Transfer Credit . An election to defer a Participant s ESBP Benefit Transfer Credits was available to certain Participants with a retirement termination date prior to January 11, 2006, as reflected in prior Plan Statements. 
 3.5 Discretionary Credits . The Company in its sole and absolute discretion may determine in writing for each Participant an amount that shall be credited the Participant s Account as a Discretionary Credit. Any Discretionary Credit to a Leadership Team Member will require the approval of the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee of the Board. The Plan 
 15 

Administrator shall credit to a Participant s Account the amount of a Participating Employer s Discretionary Credit, if any, determined for that Participant under this Section. Such amount shall be credited as nearly as practicable as of the time or times fixed by the Participating Employer when awarding such credit. Any special provisions relating to Discretionary Credits made on behalf of a Participating Employer s Employees will be set forth on an exhibit to the Plan Statement. 
 
 16 

SECTION 4 ADJUSTMENTS OF ACCOUNTS 
 4.1 Establishment of Accounts . There shall be established for each Participant an Account which shall be adjusted as provided under Section 4. 
 4.2 Adjustments of Accounts . On each Valuation Date, the Plan Administrator shall cause the value of the Account (or subaccount) to be increased (or decreased) for distributions, withdrawals, credits, debits and investment income, gains or losses charged to the Account. 
 4.3 Investment Adjustment . The investment income, gains and losses shall be determined for the Accounts in accordance with the following 
 4.3.1 Participant Elections . In accordance with Plan Rules and procedures established by the Plan Administrator, each Participant shall prospectively elect, as part of the initial enrollment process, and from time to time thereafter, one or more Crediting Rate Alternatives that shall be used to measure income, gains and losses until the next Valuation Date. 
 4.3.2 Default Rate . If a Participant fails to designate one or more Crediting Rate Alternatives to be used to measure income, gains and losses with respect to amounts credited to his or her Account, such amounts will be deemed to be invested in a default Crediting Rate Alternative designated by the Plan Administrator in accordance with Plan Rules. 
 4.3.3 Crediting . As of each Valuation Date, each Participant s Account shall be adjusted for income, gains and losses as if the Account had in fact been invested in the Crediting Rate Alternative(s) so selected. 
 4.3.4 Responsibility for Investment Adjustments . The Plan Administrator will not be responsible in any manner to any Participant, Beneficiary or other person for any damages, losses or liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind arising in connection with any designation or elimination of a Crediting Rate Alternative or a Participant s election of a Crediting Rate Alternative. 
 4.3.5 Company Stock Fund Crediting Rate Alternative. Notwithstanding anything in Section 4 or Plan Rules to the contrary, the use of the Company Stock Fund as a Crediting Rate Alternative is subject to the following 
 (a) For Participants who experience a Termination of Employment on or after July 1, 2017, the Company Stock Fund will be an available Crediting Rate Alternative until the first business day that is coincident with or next following the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the Participant s Termination of Employment. 
 (b) For Participants who experience a Termination of Employment after May 1, 2017 but prior to July 1, 2017, the Company Stock Fund will be an available Crediting Rate Alternative until the end of the 180-day period beginning on the earlier of (i) July 1, 2017, and (ii) the date the Plan Administrator provides notice to the Participant of the limitation on use of the Company Stock Fund as a Crediting Rate Alternative following a Participant s Termination of Employment. 
 17 

(c) For Participants who experience a Termination of Employment on or before May 1, 2017, the Company Stock Fund will be an available Crediting Rate Alternative until November 20, 2017. 
 (d) Effective as of the end of the period described in Clause (a), (b) or (c), above, a Participant will be deemed to have designated the Money Market Option as the successor Crediting Rate Alternative for any amounts in the Participant s Account that otherwise remained allocated to the Company Stock Fund. 
 (e) Any terminated Participant who is reemployed and is a Participant under this Plan is entitled to use the Company Stock Fund as an available Crediting Rate Alternative under this Plan. A Participant who is rehired prior to the end of the period described in Clause (a), (b) or (c), above, will cease to be subject to the terms of Clause (d). 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything in Section 4 or Plan Rules to the contrary, effective January 1, 2021, any election to transfer into or out of the Company Stock Fund will be subject to a thirty (30) day trading block that restricts an opposite-way transfer election into or out of the Company Stock Fund during such thirty (30) day period, except with respect to (i) credits to the Company Stock Fund that are the result of regular elective Deferral Credits to the Plan, (ii) Company Stock Fund election changes that are the result of an automatic rebalancing feature provided under Plan Rules, (iii) Company Stock Fund election changes that are directed by Alight Financial Advisors (or any successor financial advisor under the Company s 401(k) Plan) to the extent such feature is in place under the Plan Rules, and (iv) any Company Stock Fund election changes made after a Participant s Termination of Employment. 
 4.4 Enhancement. 
 4.4.1 Eligibility for Enhancement . Subject to Section 4.4.4, a Participant is eligible to receive the Enhancement for a Plan Year if he or she (i) was actively employed and eligible to participate in this Plan on the last business day of the Plan Year (ii) has experienced a Termination of Employment as defined under Section 1.2.44(a) during the Plan Year after attaining age 55 and completing five (5) Years of Service (iii) has experienced a Termination of Employment as a result of death or (iv) has become Disabled during such Plan Year. 
 4.4.2 Amount of Enhancement . The amount of the Enhancement to be credited for a Plan Year to the Account of a Participant who satisfies the requirements of Section 4.4.1 is first determined for each calendar month during which the Participant was employed for the entire month by multiplying the Enhancement by the balance of the Account as of the first day of such month, and then adding the monthly Enhancement amounts to determine the amount to be credited for the Plan Year. 
 4.4.3 Crediting to Account . For Plan Years beginning prior to January 1, 2017, the Plan Administrator shall credit to a Participant s Account as of the last business day of each month the monthly Enhancement amount, and such Enhancement amount shall be credited according to the 
 18 

Crediting Rate Alternatives in effect for new Deferral Credits. Effective for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2017, the Plan Administrator shall credit to a Participant s Account the Enhancement amount determined for the Plan Year for that Participant under Section 4.4.2 as of the date determined as follows 
 (a) as soon as practicable following the date of the Participant s death or 
 (b) for any Participant not described in Paragraph (a) above, the last business day of the Plan Year. 
 Such Enhancement amount shall be credited according to the Crediting Rate Alternatives in effect for new Deferral Credits. 
 4.4.4 Exception . The Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, may determine that no Enhancement will be credited to the Participant s Account for the Plan Year ending during the Company s Fiscal Year in which the Participant becomes a Leadership Team Member or during any of the Plan Years beginning after the date the Participant becomes a Leadership Team Member provided that the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, can cause the forfeiture of the Enhancement credited to a Participant s Account with respect to any months during the Plan Year ending during the Company s Fiscal Year in which a Participant initially becomes a Leadership Team Member. Following the date on which the Participant ceases to be a Leadership Team Member, the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, can cause the Account of any such Participant to be credited with an Enhancement in accordance with the rules of Section 4.4.2 for any remaining months in the Plan Year ending during Company s Fiscal Year in which the Participant ceased to be a Leadership Team Member, and or during any of the Plan Years beginning after the date the Participant ceased to be a Leadership Team Member. 
 4.5 Account Adjustments Upon a Change-in-Control or Plan Termination . 
 4.5.1 In the event of a Plan termination following a Change-in-Control under Section 8.3.2 that causes a Trust to be established and funded pursuant to Section 7.3 where distribution of a Participant s Account may not be made from the Trust within 60 days of the event because of restrictions imposed by Code section 409A, then the Participant s Account as of the date of such event will no longer receive adjustments determined pursuant to Sections 4.3 and 4.4. 
 4.5.2 On and after the date of an event described in Section 4.5.1, the Account will have an investment adjustment determined at an annual rate equal to the sum of the 10-Year U.S. Treasury Note plus 2 . The 10-Year U.S. Treasury Note rate will be determined as of the date of the Plan termination under Section 8.3.2, or if no such rate is available on that date, the immediately preceding date such rate is available, and reset each calendar quarter as necessary. 
 
 19 

SECTION 5 VESTING 
 5.1 Deferral Credits and Restoration Match Credits . 
 5.1.1 Deferral Credits . Deferral Credits (and related Earnings Credits) of each Participant shall be fully (100 vested and nonforfeitable at all times, except as otherwise provided. 
 5.1.2 Restoration Match Credits Prior to 2017 . Restoration Match Credits that are credited to a Participant s Account for Plan Years ending prior to January 1, 2017 (and related Earnings Credits) shall be fully (100 vested and nonforfeitable at all times, except as otherwise provided. 
 5.1.3 Restoration Match Credits after 2016 . Restoration Match Credits that are credited to a Participant s Account for Plan Years beginning on or after January 1, 2017 (and related Earnings Credits) will become fully vested and nonforfeitable upon the earliest occurrence of any of the following events while the Participant is still in the employment of a Participating Employer or other Affiliate (i) the Participant s death (ii) the last day of the calendar month in which a Participant attains age sixty-five (65) years (iii) the determination that the Participant is Disabled (iv) the occurrence of a Change-in-Control (v) the Participant s completion of five (5) Years of Service or (vi) such other date as provided in writing to a Participant from the Plan Administrator. 
 5.1.4 Forfeiture . Any forfeiture of the Restoration Match Credits will occur as soon as practicable after the Participant s Termination of Employment. Forfeiture of the Restoration Match Credits not vested under Section 5.1.3 is limited to the aggregate amount of the Restoration Match Credits credited with respect to such amounts determined without regard to Earnings Credits on such Restoration Match Credits. 
 5.2 Discretionary Credits . A Participant will be vested in any Discretionary Credits (and related Earnings Credits) as provided by the Plan Administrator when such amounts are credited to the Participant s Account. 
 5.3 Enhancement . 
 5.3.1 General Rule . Except as provided under Section 4.4.2, the Enhancement credited to a Participant s Account will become fully vested and nonforfeitable upon the earliest occurrence of any of the following events while the Participant is still in the employment of a Participating Employer or other Affiliate (i) the Participant s death (ii) the last day of the calendar month in which a Participant attains age sixty-five (65) years (iii) the determination that the Participant is Disabled (iv) the occurrence of a Change-in-Control (v) the Participant s completion of five (5) Years of Service or (vi) such other date as provided in writing to a Participant from the Plan Administrator. 
 
 20 

5.3.2 Forfeiture . Any forfeiture of the Enhancement will occur as soon as practicable after the Participant s Termination of Employment. Forfeiture of the Enhancement that is not vested under Section 5.3.1 is limited to the aggregate amount of the Enhancement credited with respect to such amounts determined without regard to Earnings Credits on such Enhancement. The amount of the Enhancement to be forfeited will be debited prorata against the Participant s distribution options. 
 5.4 Failure to Cooperate Misinformation or Failure to Disclose . A Participant s Account is subject to forfeiture as provided under Sections 2.6.1. 
 5.5 Plan Administrator Discretion . Notwithstanding anything in this Plan Statement to the contrary, the Plan Administrator may, in its sole and absolute discretion, cause any amounts under the Plan to be fully (100 vested and nonforfeitable. 
 
 21 

SECTION 6 DISTRIBUTION 
 6.1 Distribution Elections . Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Plan, a Participant may irrevocably elect for each Plan Year the form and time of distribution of the credits made to his or her Account for such Plan Year. 
 6.2 General Rule . A Participant s distribution election relating to Deferral Credits must be made prior to the date the Participant s deferral election becomes irrevocable. The election shall be made in the form and manner prescribed by Plan Rules. Distribution elections for Base Salary deferrals will also apply to Restoration Match Credits related to the same Plan Year. Earnings Credits and Enhancements will be distributed in the same form and time as in effect for the related Account credit. All Discretionary Credits will be distributed in the form of a single lump sum as of the time determined under Section 6.2.2(b). 
 6.2.1 Form of Distribution . The Participant may elect among the following forms of distribution. 
 (a) Installments. A series of annual installments made over either five (5) years or ten (10) years commencing at a time provided under Section 6.2.2(a) or (b). For purposes of Code section 409A, installment payments will be treated as a series of separate payments at all times. 
 (b) Lump Sum. A single lump sum payment. 
 6.2.2 Time of Payment . The Participant may elect among the distribution commencement times described in this section provided that SPP Benefit Transfer and unvested ESBP Benefit Transfer Credits may not be distributed on a fixed payment date as described in paragraph (c). 
 (a) Termination of Employment. Within 60 days following the Participant s Termination of Employment, other than on account of death. 
 (b) One-Year Anniversary of Termination of Employment. Within 60 days following the one-year anniversary of the Participant s Termination of Employment, other than on account of death. 
 (c) Fixed Payment Date. Within 60 days of January 1 of the calendar year elected by the Participant at the time of deferral. If a Participant has a Termination of Employment as defined in Section 1.2.44 prior to the fixed payment date, such amount shall be paid on the earlier of (i) within 60 days following January 1 in the tenth year following the year of the Termination of Employment, or (ii) January 1 of the calendar year elected by the Participant at the time of deferral. The Plan Administrator will establish Plan Rules, procedures and limitations on establishing the number and times of the fixed payment dates available for Participants to elect. 
 (d) Payouts in 2008 and 2009. During 2007 and 2008, consistent with transition relief available under Code section 409A, and subject to Plan Rules, Participants had an 
 22 

opportunity to elect to receive certain distributions, which are described in more detail in prior Plan Statements. 
 6.2.3 Installment Amounts. The amount of the annual installments shall be determined by dividing the amount of the vested portion of the Account as of the most recent Valuation Date preceding the date the installment is being paid by the number of remaining installment payments to be made (including the payment being determined). 
 6.2.4 Small Benefit. Subject to Section 6.3, in the event that the vested Account balance of a Participant who has died or experienced a Termination of Employment under the Plan is less than the applicable dollar amount under Code section 402(g)(1)(B) for that Plan Year as of the date on which the Plan Administrator makes such determinations, the Plan Administrator (on behalf of the Company) reserves the right to have the Participant s entire Account paid in the form of a single lump sum payment, provided the Plan Administrator s exercise of discretion (on behalf of the Company) complies with the requirements of Treas. Reg. Sec. 1.409A-3(j)(4)(v). 
 6.2.5 Default. If for any reason a Participant shall have failed to make a timely designation of the form or time of distribution with respect to credits for a Plan Year (including reasons entirely beyond the control of the Participant), except as provided in Section 6.2.6, the distribution shall be made as indicated below 
 (a) In the case of SPP Benefit Transfer Credits a single lump sum within 60 days following the one-year anniversary of the Participant s Termination of Employment. 
 (b) In all other cases, a single lump sum payment within 60 days following the Participant s Termination of Employment. 
 6.2.6 Crediting of Amounts after Termination of Employment or Benefit Distribution. Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan Statement to the contrary other than Section 6.3 
 (a) Enhancement, Deferral and Restoration Match Credits. 
 (i) Lump Sum Distribution. If Enhancement, Deferral or Restoration Match Credits are due after the complete distribution of the Participant s vested Account balance, or subaccount balance to which such Enhancement, Deferral or Restoration Match Credit relate, then such subsequent credits will be made to the Account and paid to the Participant in a single lump sum cash payment within 60 days of being credited to the Account. 
 (ii) Installment Distribution. If Enhancement, Deferral or Restoration Match Credits are due after a related installment distribution occurs, then such subsequent credits will be made to the Account and included in the Account balance to determine the amount of the remaining scheduled payments as applicable. 
 
 23 

(b) SPP or ESBP Benefit Transfer Credit. The SPP Benefit Transfer Credit shall be distributed as follows 
 (i) For amounts accruing prior to January 1, 2014, in a single lump sum within 60 days following the Termination of Employment and 
 (ii) For amounts accruing on or after January 1, 2014, 
 (A) If the SPP Benefit Transfer Credit is due after the complete distribution of the Participant s vested Account balance, or subaccount balance to which such Credit relates, then such Credit will be made to the Account and paid to the Participant in a single lump sum payment within 60 days of being credited to the Account 
 (B) If the SPP Benefit Transfer Credit is due after a related installment distribution occurs, then such subsequent Credit will be made to the Account and included in the Account balance to determine the amount of the remaining scheduled payments as applicable and 
 (C) If the SPP Benefit Transfer Credit is due prior to the commencement of payment to which such credit relates, distribution shall be made at the time and in the manner elected by the Participant or pursuant to the Plan s rule, all as provided in Section 6.2.2. 
 6.2.7 Vesting in Benefits After the Distribution Date. No portion of a Participant s Account will be distributed prior to being vested. Subject to Section 6.3, if Participant is scheduled to receive a distribution of a portion of his or her Account that is not vested, such unvested amount will not be paid until subsequently vested, at which time it will be paid out in accordance with the respective distribution election. 
 6.2.8 No Spousal Rights. No spouse, former spouse, Beneficiary or other person shall have any right to participate in the Participant s designation of a form or time of payment. 
 6.3 Six-Month Suspension for Specified Employees . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Section 6 to the contrary, if a Participant is a Specified Employee at Termination of Employment, then any distributions arising on account of the Participant s Termination of Employment (other than on account of death) that are due shall be suspended and not be made until (6) months have elapsed since such Participant s Termination of Employment (or, if earlier, upon the date of the Participant s death). Any payments that were otherwise payable during the six-month suspension period referred to in the preceding sentence, will be paid within 60 days after the end of such six-month suspension period. 
 6.4 Distribution on Account of Death Distribution Following Death . Upon the death of a Participant prior to Termination of Employment or other distribution trigger, the Participant s Account balance will be paid to the Participant s Beneficiary in a single lump sum as soon as practicable following the Participant s death, but in no event later than the last day of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which the Participant s death occurs. Upon the death of a Participant following Termination of Employment or other distribution trigger, 
 24 

distribution will continue in the same form and at the same time it was scheduled to be paid to the Participant, subject to Section 6.3, but will be paid in a single lump sum to the estate of the Beneficiary as soon as practicable following the Beneficiary s death. 
 6.5 Distribution on Account of Unforeseeable Emergency . 
 6.5.1 When Available. A Participant may receive a distribution from the vested portion of his or her Account (which shall be deemed to include the deferral that would have been made but for the cancellation under Section 6.5.3) if the Plan Administrator determines that such distribution is on account of an Unforeseeable Emergency and the conditions in Section 6.5.2 have been fulfilled. To receive such a distribution, the Participant must request a distribution by filing an application with the Plan Administrator and furnish such supporting documentation as the Plan Administrator may require. In the application, the Participant shall specify the basis for the distribution and the dollar amount to be distributed. If such request is approved by the Plan Administrator, distribution shall be made in a lump sum payment within 60 days following the approval by the Plan Administrator of the completed application. 
 6.5.2 Limitations . The amount that may be distributed with respect to a Participant s Unforeseeable Emergency shall not exceed the amounts necessary to satisfy the emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such Unforeseeable Emergency is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise by liquidation of the Participant s assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship), and or cancellation of deferrals pursuant to Section 6.5.3, provided the determination of such limitation is consistent with the requirements of Code section 409A(a)(2)(B)(ii). 
 6.5.3 Cancellation of Deferral Elections. As provided by Section 2.12, in the event of a distribution under Section 6.5.1 the Plan Administrator will cancel the Participant s deferral elections for the balance of the applicable Plan Year. 
 6.6 Designation of Beneficiaries . 
 6.6.1 Right to Designate or Revoke. 
 (a) Each Participant may designate one or more primary Beneficiaries or secondary Beneficiaries to receive all or a specified part of such Participant s vested Account in the event of such Participant s death. If fewer than all designated primary or secondary Beneficiaries predecease the Participant, then the amount of such predeceased Beneficiary s portion shall be allocated to the remaining primary or secondary Beneficiaries, as the case may be. 
 (b) The Participant may change or revoke any such designation from time to time without notice to or consent from any spouse, any person named as Beneficiary or any other person. 
 (c) No such designation, change or revocation shall be effective unless completed and filed with the Plan Administrator in accordance with Plan Rules during the Participant s lifetime. 
 25 

6.6.2 Failure of Designation . If a Participant 
 (a) fails to designate a Beneficiary, 
 (b) designates a Beneficiary and thereafter revokes such designation without naming another Beneficiary, or 
 (c) designates one or more Beneficiaries and all such Beneficiaries so designated fail to survive the Participant, such Participant s vested Account, shall be payable to the first class of the following classes of automatic Beneficiaries 
 (d) Participant s surviving spouse Representative of Participant s estate 
 6.6.3 Disclaimers by Beneficiaries . A Beneficiary entitled to a distribution of all or a portion of a deceased Participant s vested Account may disclaim an interest therein subject to the Plan Rules. 
 6.6.4 Special Rules. Unless the Participant has otherwise specified in the Participant s Beneficiary designation, the following rules shall apply 
 (a) If there is not sufficient evidence that a person designated as a Beneficiary was living at the time of the death of the Participant, it shall be deemed that the Beneficiary was not living at the time of the death of the Participant. 
 (b) The automatic Beneficiaries specified in Section 6.6.2 and the Beneficiaries designated by the Participant shall become fixed at the time of the Participant s death (subject to Section 6.6.3) so that, if a Beneficiary survives the Participant but dies before the receipt of all payments due such Beneficiary hereunder, such remaining payments shall be payable to the representative of such Beneficiary s estate. 
 (c) If the Participant designates as a Beneficiary the person who is the Participant s spouse on the date of the designation, either by name or by relationship, or both, the dissolution, annulment or other legal termination of the marriage between the Participant and such person shall automatically revoke such designation. The foregoing shall not prevent the Participant from designating a former spouse as a beneficiary on a form that is both executed by the Participant and received by the Plan Administrator (i) after the date of the legal termination of the marriage between the Participant and such former spouse and (ii) during the Participant s lifetime. 
 (d) A finalized marriage (other than a common law marriage) of a Participant subsequent to the date of filing of a Beneficiary designation shall revoke such designation unless the Participant s new spouse had previously been designated as the Beneficiary. 
 (e) Any designation of a nonspouse Beneficiary by name that is accompanied by a description of relationship to the Participant shall be given effect without regard to 
 26 

whether the relationship to the Participant exists either then or at the Participant s death. 
 (f) Any designation of a Beneficiary only by statement of relationship to the Participant shall be effective only to designate the person or persons standing in such relationship to the Participant at the Participant s death. 
 6.7 Facility of Payment . 
 6.7.1 Legal Disability. In case of the legal disability, including minority, of an individual entitled to receive any payment under this Plan, payment shall be made, if the Plan Administrator shall be advised of the existence of such condition 
 (a) to the duly appointed guardian, conservator or other legal representative of such individual, or 
 (b) to a person or institution entrusted with the care or maintenance of the incompetent or disable Participant or Beneficiary, provided such person or institution has satisfied the Plan Administrator that the payment will be used for the best interest and assist in the care of such individual, and provided further, that no prior claim for said payment has been made by a duly appointed guardian, conservator or other legal representative of such individual. 
 6.7.2 Discharge of Liability. Any payment made in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.7 shall constitute a complete discharge of any liability or obligation of the Participating Employers under this Plan. 
 6.8 Tax Withholding . The Participating Employer (or any other person legally obligated to do so) shall withhold the amount of any federal, state or local income tax, payroll tax or other tax that the payer reasonably determines is required to be withheld under applicable law with respect to any amount payable under this Plan. All benefits otherwise due hereunder shall be reduced by the amount to be withheld. 
 6.9 Payments Upon Rehire . If a Participant who is receiving installment payments or due a deferred lump sum payment under this Plan is rehired, the payments will continue in accordance with the prior distribution elections. 
 6.10 Application for Distribution . A Participant may be required to make application to receive payment and to complete other forms and furnish other documentation required by the Plan Administrator. Distribution shall not be made to any Beneficiary until such Beneficiary shall have filed an application for benefits in a form acceptable to the Plan Administrator and such application shall have been approved by the Plan Administrator and the Plan Administrator has determined that the applicant is entitled to payment. 
 6.11 Acceleration of Distributions . The Plan Administrator in its sole discretion may exercise discretion on behalf of the Company to accelerate the distribution of any payment under this Plan to the extent allowed under Code section 409A. 
 27 

6.12 Delay of Distributions . The Plan Administrator in its sole discretion may exercise discretion on behalf of the Company to delay the distribution of any payment under this Plan to the extent allowed under Code section 409A, including, but not limited to, as necessary to maximize the Company s tax deductions as allowed pursuant to Code section 162(m) or to avoid violation of federal securities or other applicable law. 
 
 28 

SECTION 7 SOURCE OF PAYMENTS NATURE OF INTEREST 
 7.1 Source of Payments . 
 7.1.1 General Assets . Each Participating Employer will pay, from its general assets, the distribution of the Participant s Account under Section 6, and all costs, charges and expenses relating thereto. 
 7.1.2 Trust . Upon a Change-in-Control that causes the Plan to be terminated under Section 8.3.2, the trustee of the Trust will make distributions to Participants and Beneficiaries from the Trust in satisfaction of a Participating Employer s obligations to make distributions under this Plan in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Trust to the extent such payments are not otherwise made directly by the Participating Employer. 
 7.2 Unfunded Obligation . The obligation of the Participating Employers to make payments under this Plan constitutes only the unsecured (but legally enforceable) promise of the Participating Employers to make such payments. Participants and their Beneficiaries, heirs, successors and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights, claims or interests in any specific property or assets of the Company or a Participating Employer, nor shall they be beneficiaries of, or have any rights, claims or interests in any life insurance policies, annuity contracts or the proceeds therefrom owned or which may be acquired by the Company. 
 7.3 Establishment of Trust . The Participating Employers shall have no obligation to establish or maintain any fund, trust or account (other than a bookkeeping account or reserve) for the purpose of funding or paying the benefits promised under this Plan except as provided in the Trust. The Participating Employers may from time to time transfer to the Trust cash, or other marketable securities or other property acceptable to the trustee in accordance with the terms of the Trust. If the Participating Employers have deposited funds in the Trust, such funds shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Participating Employer that deposited such funds. 
 7.4 Spendthrift Provision . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7.4, no Participant or Beneficiary shall have any interest in any Account which can be transferred nor shall any Participant or Beneficiary have any power to anticipate, alienate, dispose of, pledge or encumber the same while in the possession or control of the Participating Employers. The Plan Administrator shall not recognize any such effort to convey any interest under this Plan. No benefit payable under this Plan shall be subject to attachment, garnishment, or execution following judgment or other legal process before actual payment to such person. 
 7.4.1 Right to Designate Beneficiary . The power to designate Beneficiaries to receive the Account of a Participant in the event of such Participant s death shall not permit or be construed to permit such power or right to be exercised by the Participant so as thereby to anticipate, pledge, mortgage or encumber such Participant s Account or any part thereof, and any attempt of a Participant so to exercise said power in violation of this provision shall be of no force and effect and shall be disregarded by the Participating Employers. 
 29 

7.4.2 Plan Administrator s Right to Exercise Discretion . This Section 7.4 shall not prevent the Plan Administrator from exercising, in its discretion, any of the applicable powers and options granted to it under any applicable provision hereof. 
 7.5 Compensation Recovery (Recoupment) . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, a Participant who becomes subject to the Company s recoupment policy as adopted by the Compensation & Human Capital Management Committee of the Company s Board of Directors and amended from time to time Recoupment Policy may have all or a portion of his or her benefit under this Plan forfeited and or all or a portion of any distributions payable to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary recovered by the Company. 
 7.5.1 Any Deferral Credit and related Earnings Credits resulting from the deferral of Eligible Compensation that is subject to recovery under the Recoupment Policy may be forfeited and, in such event, a corresponding adjustment will be made to the Participant s Account balance. 
 7.5.2 If a Participant has commenced distributions and is subject to a claim for recovery under the Recoupment Policy, then the Company may, subject to any limitations under Code section 409A, retain all or any portion of the Participant s (or his or her Beneficiary s) taxable distribution, net of state, federal or foreign tax withholding, to satisfy such claim. 
 
 30 

SECTION 8 ADOPTION, AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION 
 8.1 Adoption . With the prior approval of the Plan Administrator, an Affiliate may adopt the Plan and become a Participating Employer by furnishing to the Plan Administrator a certified copy of a resolution of its board of directors adopting this Plan. 
 8.2 Amendment . 
 8.2.1 General Rule . The Company, by action of its Board of Directors, or by action of a person so authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors and subject to any limitations or conditions in such authorization, may at any time amend the Plan, in whole or in part, for any reason, including but not limited to tax, accounting or insurance changes, a result of which may be to terminate the Plan for future deferrals provided, however, that no amendment shall be effective to decrease the benefits, nature or timing thereof payable under the Plan to any Participant with respect to deferrals made (and benefits thereafter accruing) prior to the date of such amendment. Written notice of any amendment shall be given each Participant then participating in the Plan. 
 8.2.2 Amendment to Benefit Leadership Team Member . Any amendment to the benefit of a Leadership Team Member under this Plan, to the extent approval of such amendment by the Board would be required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and its regulations or the rules of any applicable securities exchange, will require the approval of the Board. 
 8.2.3 No Oral Amendments. No modification of the terms of this Plan Statement shall be effective unless it is in writing. No oral representation concerning the interpretation or effect of this Plan Statement shall be effective to amend this Plan Statement. 
 8.3 Termination and Liquidation. 
 8.3.1 General Rule. 
 (a) To the extent necessary or reasonable to comply with any changes in law, the Board may at any time terminate and liquidate this Plan, provided such termination and liquidation satisfies the requirements of Code section 409A. 
 (b) To the extent that a Participant s benefit under the Plan will be immediately included in the income of the Participant, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or the Internal Revenue Service, to the extent permitted under Code section 409A, the Board may terminate and liquidate this Plan, in whole or in part, as it relates to the impacted Participant. 
 8.3.2 Plan Termination and Liquidation on Account of a Change-in-Control. Upon a Change-in-Control, the Plan will terminate and payment of all amounts under the Plan will be accelerated if and to the extent provided in this Section 8.3.2. 
 (a) The Plan will be terminated effective as of the first date on which there has occurred both (i) a Change-in-Control under Section 1.2.8, and (ii) a funding of the Trust on account of such Change-in-Control (referred to herein as the Plan termination 
 31 

effective date unless, prior to such Plan termination effective date, the Board affirmatively determines that the Plan will not be terminated as of such effective date. The Board will be deemed to have taken action to irrevocably terminate the Plan as of the Plan termination effective date by its failure to affirmatively determine that the Plan will not terminate as of such date. 
 (b) The determination by the Board under paragraph (a) constitutes a determination that such termination will satisfy the requirements of Code section 409A, including an agreement by the Company that it will take such additional action or refrain from taking such action as may be necessary to satisfy the requirements necessary to terminate and liquidate the Plan under paragraph (c) below. 
 (c) In the event the Board does not affirmatively determine not to terminate the Plan as provided in paragraph (a), such termination shall be subject to either (i) or (ii), as follows 
 (i) If the Change-in-Control qualifies as a change in control event for purposes of Code section 409A, payment of all amounts under the Plan will be accelerated and made in a lump sum as soon a administratively practicable but not more than 90 days following the Plan termination effective date, provided the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B) have been satisfied. 
 (ii) If the Change-in-Control does not qualify as a change in control event for purposes of Code section 409A, payment of all amounts under the Plan will be accelerated and made in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable but not more than 60 days following the 12 month anniversary of the Plan termination effective date, provided the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(C) have been satisfied. 
 
 32 

SECTION 9 CLAIM PROCEDURES 
 9.1 Claims Procedure . Until modified by the Plan Administrator, the claim and review procedures set forth in this Section shall be the mandatory claim and review procedures for the resolution of disputes and disposition of claims filed under this Plan. An application for a distribution or withdrawal shall be considered as a claim for the purposes of this Section. 
 9.1.1 Initial Claim . An individual may, subject to any applicable deadline, file with the Plan Administrator a written claim for benefits under this Plan in a form and manner prescribed by the Plan Administrator. 
 (a) If the claim is denied in whole or in part, the Plan Administrator shall notify the claimant of the adverse benefit determination within ninety (90) days after receipt of the claim. 
 (b) The ninety (90) day period for making the claim determination may be extended for ninety (90) days if the Plan Administrator determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for determination of the claim, provided that the Plan Administrator notifies the claimant, prior to the expiration of the initial ninety (90) day period, of the special circumstances requiring an extension and the date by which a claim determination is expected to be made. 
 9.1.2 Notice of Initial Adverse Determination . A notice of an adverse determination shall set forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant. 
 (a) The specific reasons for the adverse determinations, 
 (b) references to the specific provisions of this Plan Statement (or other applicable Plan document) on which the adverse determination is based, 
 (c) a description of any additional material or information necessary to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary, and 
 (d) a description of the claim and review procedures, including the time limits applicable to such procedure, and a statement of the claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA section 502(a) following an adverse determination on review. 
 9.1.3 Request for Review. Within sixty (60) days after receipt of an initial adverse benefit determination notice, the claimant may file with the Plan Administrator a written request for a review of the adverse determination and may, in connection therewith submit written comments, documents, records and other information relating to the claim benefits. Any request for review of the initial adverse determination not filed within sixty (60) days after receipt of the initial adverse determination notice shall be untimely. 
 9.1.4 Claim on Review. If the claim, upon review, is denied in whole or in part, the Plan Administrator shall notify the claimant of the adverse benefit determination within sixty (60) days after receipt of such a request for review. 
 33 

(a) The sixty (60) day period for deciding the claim on review may be extended for sixty (60) days if the Plan Administrator determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for determination of the claim, provided that the Plan Administrator notifies the claimant, prior to the expiration of the initial sixty (60) day period, of the special circumstances requiring an extension and the date by which a claim determination is expected to be made. 
 (b) In the event that the time period is extended due to a claimant s failure to submit information necessary to decide a claim on review, the claimant shall have sixty (60) days within which to provide the necessary information and the period for making the claim determination on review shall be tolled from the date on which the notification of the extension is sent to the claimant until the date on which the claimant responds to the request for additional information or, if earlier, the expiration of sixty (60) days. 
 (c) The Plan Administrator s review of a denied claim shall take into account all comments, documents, records, and other information submitted by the claimant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. 
 9.1.5 Notice of Adverse Determination for Claim on Review. A notice of an adverse determination for a claim on review shall set forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant. 
 (a) the specific reasons for the denial, 
 (b) references to the specific provisions of this Plan Statement (or other applicable Plan document) on which the adverse determination is based, 
 (c) a statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimant s claim for benefits, 
 (d) a statement describing any voluntary appeal procedures offered by the Plan and the claimant s right to obtain information about such procedures, and 
 (e) a statement of the claimant s right to bring an action under ERISA section 502(a). 
 9.2 Rules and Regulations . 
 9.2.1 Adoption of Rules. Any rule not in conflict or at variance with the provisions hereof may be adopted by the Plan Administrator. 
 9.2.2 Specific Rules. 
 (a) No inquiry or question shall be deemed to be a claim or a request for a review of a denied claim unless made in accordance with the established claim procedures. The Plan Administrator may require that any claim for benefits and any request for a 
 34 

review of a denied claim be filed on forms to be furnished by the Plan Administrator upon request. 
 (b) All decisions on claims and on requests for a review of denied claims shall be made by the Plan Administrator unless delegated as provided for in the Plan, in which case references in this Section 9 to the Plan Administrator shall be treated as references to the Plan Administrator s delegate. 
 (c) Claimants may be represented by a lawyer or other representative at their own expense, but the Plan Administrator reserves the right to require the claimant to furnish written authorization and establish reasonable procedures for determining whether an individual has been authorized to act on behalf of a claimant. A claimant s representative shall be entitled to copies of all notices given to the claimant. 
 (d) The decision of the Plan Administrator on a claim and on a request for a review of a denied claim may be provided to the claimant in electronic form instead of in writing at the discretion of the Plan Administrator. 
 (e) In connection with the review of a denied claim, the claimant or the claimant s representative shall be provided, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information necessary to make a benefit determination accompanies the filing. 
 (f) The time period within which a benefit determination will be made shall begin to run at the time a claim or request for review is filed in accordance with the claims procedures, without regard to whether all the information necessary to make a benefit determination accompanies the filing. 
 (g) The claims and review procedures shall be administered with appropriate safeguards to that benefit claim determinations are made in accordance with governing plan documents and, where appropriate, the plan provisions have been applied consistently with respect to similarly situated claimants. 
 (h) The Plan Administrator may, in its discretion, rely on any applicable statute of limitation or deadline as a basis for denial of any claim. 
 9.3 Limitations and Exhaustion. 
 9.3.1 Claims. No claim shall be considered under these administrative procedures unless it is filed with the Plan Administrator within two (2) years after the Participant knew (or reasonably should have known) of the general nature of the dispute giving rise to the claim. Every untimely claim shall be denied by the Plan Administrator without regard to the merits of the claim. 
 9.3.2 Lawsuits. No suit may be brought by or on behalf of any Participant or Beneficiary on any matter pertaining to this Plan unless the action is commenced in the proper forum within two (2) years from the earlier of 
 35 

(a) the date the Participant knew (or reasonably should have known) of the general nature of the dispute giving rise to the action, or 
 (b) the date the claim was denied. 
 9.3.3 Exhaustion of Remedies. These administrative procedures are the exclusive means for resolving any dispute arising under this Plan. As to such matters 
 (a) no Participant or Beneficiary shall be permitted to litigate any such matter unless a timely claim has been filed under these administrative procedures and these administrative procedures have been exhausted, and 
 (b) determinations by the Plan Administrator (including determinations as to whether the claim was timely filed shall be afforded the maximum deference permitted by law. 
 9.3.4 Imputed Knowledge. For the purpose of applying the deadlines to file a claim or a legal action, knowledge of all facts that a Participant knew or reasonably should have known shall be imputed to every claimant who is or claims to be a Beneficiary of the Participant or otherwise claims to derive an entitlement by reference to the Participant for the purpose of applying the previously specified periods. 
 
 36 

SECTION 10 PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
 10.1 Plan Administration . 
 10.1.1 Administrator. The Company s Vice President, Pay & Benefits (or any successor thereto) is the administrator of the Plan for purposes of section 3(16)(A) of ERISA. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Plan Administrator shall control and manage the operation and administration of this Plan and make all decisions and determinations. 
 10.1.2 Authority and Delegation . The Plan Administrator is authorized to 
 (a) Appoint one or more individuals or entities and delegate such of his or her powers and duties as he or she deems desirable to any individual or entity, in which case every reference herein made to Plan Administrator shall be deemed to mean or include the individual or entity as to matters within their jurisdiction. Such individual may be an officer or other employee of a Participating Employer or Affiliate, provided that any delegation to an employee of a Participating Employer or Affiliate will automatically terminate when he or she ceases to be an employee. Any delegation may be rescinded at any time and 
 (b) Select, employ and compensate from time to time such agents or consultants as the Plan Administrator may deem necessary or advisable in carrying out its duties and to rely on the advice and information provided by them. 
 10.1.3 Determination. The Plan Administrator shall make such determinations as may be required from time to time in the administration of this Plan. The Plan Administrator shall have the discretionary authority and responsibility to interpret and construe this Plan Statement and to determine all factual and legal questions under this Plan, including but not limited to the entitlement of Participants and Beneficiaries, and the amounts of their respective interests. Each decision of the Plan Administrator shall be final and binding upon all parties. Benefits under the Plan will be paid only if the Plan Administrator decides in its discretion that the applicant is entitled to them. 
 10.1.4 Reliance. The Plan Administrator may act and rely upon all information reported to it hereunder and need not inquire into the accuracy thereof, nor be charged with any notice to the contrary. 
 10.1.5 Rules and Regulations. Any rule, regulation, policy, practice or procedure not in conflict or at variance with the provisions hereof may be adopted by the Plan Administrator. 
 10.2 Conflict of Interest . If any individual to whom authority has been delegated or redelegated hereunder shall also be a Participant in this Plan, such Participant shall have no authority with respect to any matter specially affecting such Participant s individual interest hereunder or the interest of a person superior to him or her in the organization (as distinguished from the interests of all Participants and Beneficiaries or a broad class of Participants and Beneficiaries), all such authority being reserved exclusively to other individuals as the case may 
 37 

be, to the exclusion of such Participant, and such Participant shall act only in such Participant s individual capacity in connection with any such matter. 
 10.3 Service of Process . In the absence of any designation to the contrary by the Plan Administrator, the Chief Legal Officer of the Company is designated as the appropriate and exclusive agent for the receipt of service of process directed to this Plan in any legal proceeding, including arbitration, involving this Plan. 
 10.4 Choice of Law . Except to the extent that federal law is controlling, this Plan Statement will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota. 
 10.5 Responsibility for Delegate . No person shall be liable for an act or omission of another person with regard to a responsibility that has been allocated to or delegated to such other person pursuant to the terms of the Plan Statement or pursuant to procedures set forth in the Plan Statement. 
 10.6 Expenses . All expenses of administering the benefits due under this Plan shall be borne by the Participating Employers. 
 10.7 Errors in Computations . It is recognized that in the operation and administration of the Plan certain mathematical and accounting errors may be made or mistakes may arise by reason of factual errors in information supplied to the Plan Administrator or trustee. The Plan Administrator shall have power to cause such equitable adjustments to be made to correct for such errors as the Plan Administrator, in its sole discretion, considers appropriate. Such adjustments shall be final and binding on all persons. 
 10.8 Indemnification . In addition to any other applicable provisions for indemnification, the Participating Employers jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent permitted by law, each director, officer and Employee of the Participating Employers against any and all liabilities, losses, costs or expenses (including legal fees) of whatsoever kind and nature which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such person at any time by reason of such person s services as an administrator in connection with this Plan, but only if such person did not act dishonestly, or in bad faith, or in willful violation of the law or regulations under which such liability, loss, cost or expense arises. 
 10.9 Notice . Any notice required under this Plan Statement may be waived by the person entitled thereto. 
 
 38 

SECTION 11 CONSTRUCTION 
 11.1 ERISA Status . This Plan was adopted and is maintained with the understanding that it is an unfunded plan maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees as provided in section 201(2), section 301(a)(3) and section 401(a)(1) of ERISA. This Plan shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. 
 11.2 IRC Status . This Plan is intended to be a nonqualified deferred compensation arrangement that will comply in form and operation with the requirements of Code section 409A and this Plan will be construed and administered in a manner that is consistent with and gives effect to such intention. 
 11.3 Rules of Document Construction . In the event any provision of this Plan Statement is held invalid, void or unenforceable, the same shall not affect, in any respect whatsoever, the validity of any other provision of this Plan. The titles given to the various Sections of this Plan Statement are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not part of this Plan Statement, and they shall not be considered in determining the scope, purpose, meaning or intent of any provision hereof. The provisions of this Plan Statement shall be construed as a whole in such manner as to carry out the provisions thereof and shall not be construed separately without relation to the context. 
 11.4 References to Laws . Any reference in this Plan Statement to a statute or regulation shall be considered also to mean and refer to any subsequent amendment or replacement of that statute or regulation unless, under the circumstances, it would be inappropriate to do so. 
 11.5 Appendices . The Plan provisions that have application to a limited number of Participants or that otherwise do not apply equally to all Participants may be described in an appendix to this Plan Statement. In the event of a conflict between the terms of an appendix and the terms of the remainder of this Plan Statement, the appendix will control. 
 
 39 

APPENDIX A 
 SPP BENEFIT 
 A-1 Purpose and Application. The purpose of this Appendix A to this Plan Statement is to establish the rules for determining the amount of the SPP Benefit Transfer Credit under this Plan. 
 A-2 Background. 
 A-2.1 Transfer Credits. The Company has adopted and maintained several nonqualified supplemental pension plans to provide retirement income to a select group of highly compensated and key management employees in excess of the retirement income that can be provided under the Target Pension Plan on account of limitations imposed by the Code. Effective April 30, 2002, the Company began converting the accrued supplemental pension benefits of certain participants to credits under this Plan as adjusted annually to reflect changes in such benefits. 
 A-2.2 Cash Balance Formula . Effective January 1, 2003, the Target Pension Plan was amended to add a cash balance pension plan formula (referred to as the personal pension account ). Depending on the date participation commences or an election was made, a Participant who has a benefit under the Target Pension Plan may have his or her accrued benefit under such plan based solely on the final average pay formula (the traditional formula ), solely on the personal pension account, or a combination of the traditional formula (frozen as of December 31, 2002) and the personal pension account. 
 A-3 Definitions. 
 A-3.1 SPP I SPP I means the Target Corporation SPP I. 
 A-3.2 SPP II SPP II means the Target Corporation SPP II. 
 A-3.3 SPP III SPP III means the Target Corporation SPP III. 
 A-4 SPP Benefit. Each Participant s SPP Benefit is equal to the sum of the benefits under Section A-4.1, Section A-4.2 and Section A-4.3. 
 A-4.1 Traditional Formula Benefit. A Participant s SPP Benefit is the excess, if any, of the monthly pension benefit under (a) over the monthly pension benefit under (b) 
 (a) the monthly pension benefit the Participant would be entitled to under the Target Pension Plan, based on the traditional formula, if such formula were applied 
 (i) without regard to the maximum benefit limitation required by Code section 415 
 (ii) without regard to the maximum compensation limitation under Code section 401(a)(17) 
 (iii) as if the definition of certified earnings under the Target Pension Plan for a plan year included compensation that would have been paid in the plan year in 
 A-1 

the absence of the Participant s election to defer payment of the compensation to a later date pursuant to the provisions of a deferred compensation plan 
 (iv) without regard to the alternative benefit formula of Sections 4.6(a)(3) and 4.6(b)(2) of the Target Pension Plan. 
 (b) The monthly pension benefit the Participant is entitled to receive under the Target Pension Plan on account of the traditional formula. 
 A-4.2 Personal Pension Account. A Participant s SPP Benefit includes the excess, if any, of the amount determined under (a) over the amount determined under (b) 
 (a) The amount that would have been credited each quarter (including both pay credits and interest credits to the Participant s personal pension account under the Target Pension Plan, if such account were applied 
 (i) without regard to the maximum benefit limitations required by Code section 415 
 (ii) without regard to the maximum compensation limitation under Code section 401(a)(17) 
 (iii) as if the definition of certified earnings under the Target Pension Plan for a calendar quarter included compensation that would have been paid during such calendar quarter in the absence of the Participant s election to defer payment of the compensation to a later date pursuant to the provisions of a deferred compensation plan 
 (iv) as if a distribution had been made from such account equal to any SPP Benefit Transfer Credits made under Section 3.3. 
 (b) The amount of the credits actually made to the Participant s personal pension account under the Target Pension Plan. 
 A-4.3 SPP III. SPP III benefits, which could have been included in a Participant s SPP Benefit before SPP III was terminated effective January 1, 2016, were reflected in prior Plan Statements. 
 A-4.4 Company Determination. The actuarial lump sum present value of a Participant s benefit determined under this Appendix A will be determined by the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, by using such factors and assumptions as the Company considers appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion as of the date of distribution or transfer. 
 
 A-2 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 tgt-20230128xexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Target Corporation 
 (A Minnesota Corporation) 
 
 List of Significant Subsidiaries 
 (As of January 28, 2023) 
 
 Target Brands, Inc. (MN) 
 Target Enterprise, Inc. (MN) 
 Target General Merchandise, Inc. (MN) 
 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries are omitted because, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this report. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 tgt20230128-exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 Form S-3 ASR No. 333-254130 of Target Corporation, 
 Form S-8 No. 333-30311 pertaining to the Dayton Hudson Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, the Dayton Hudson Corporation Highly Compensated Capital Accumulation Plan, the Dayton Hudson Corporation SMG Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, and the Dayton Hudson Corporation Director Deferred Compensation Plan, 
 Form S-8 No. 333-86373 pertaining to the Dayton Hudson Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1999, 
 Form S-8 Nos. 333-112260 and 333-75782 pertaining to the Dayton Hudson Corporation Highly Compensated Capital Accumulation Plan, Target Corporation Director Deferred Compensation Plan, Target Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, and the Target Corporation SMG Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, 
 Form S-8 No. 333-116096 pertaining to the Target Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan, 
 Form S-8 No. 333-131082 pertaining to the Target Corporation Director Deferred Compensation Plan, Target Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, and the Target Corporation SMG Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, 
 Form S-8 No. 333-174921 pertaining to the Target Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, 
 Form S-8 No. 333-205027 pertaining to the Amended and Restated Target Corporation 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, 
 Form S-8 No. 333-239155 pertaining to the Target Corporation DDCP (2013 Plan Statement), Target Corporation EDCP (2017 Plan Statement), and Target Corporation Officer EDCP (2017 Plan Statement), and 
 Form S-8 No. 333-239154 pertaining to the Target Corporation 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 of our reports dated March 8, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Target Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Target Corporation included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Target Corporation for the year ended January 28, 2023. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
 March 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 8
 tgt-20230128xexhibit241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s David P. Abney 
 
 Date January 29, 2023 
 
 Print Name David P. Abney 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Douglas M. Baker, Jr. 
 
 Date January 24, 2023 
 
 Print Name Douglas M. Baker, Jr. 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s George S. Barrett 
 
 Date February 2, 2023 
 
 Print Name George S. Barrett 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Gail K. Boudreaux 
 
 Date January 22, 2023 
 
 Print Name Gail K. Boudreaux 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Brian C. Cornell 
 
 Date January 22, 2023 
 
 Print Name Brian C. Cornell 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Robert L. Edwards 
 
 Date January 30, 2023 
 
 Print Name Robert L. Edwards 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Melanie L. Healey 
 
 Date January 29, 2023 
 
 Print Name Melanie L. Healey 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Donald R. Knauss 
 
 Date January 21, 2023 
 
 Print Name Donald R. Knauss 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Christine A. Leahy 
 
 Date January 29, 2023 
 
 Print Name Christine A. Leahy 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Monica C. Lozano 
 
 Date January 27, 2023 
 
 Print Name Monica C. Lozano 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Grace Puma Whiteford 
 
 Date January 22, 2023 
 
 Print Name Grace Puma Whiteford 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Derica W. Rice 
 
 Date January 21, 2023 
 
 Print Name Derica W. Rice 

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 TARGET CORPORATION 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 of Director and or Officer 
 
 The undersigned director and or officer of TARGET CORPORATION, a Minnesota corporation (the Corporation ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint BRIAN C. CORNELL, MICHAEL J. FIDDELKE, DON H. LIU, DAVID L. DONLIN, BENJAMIN S. BORDEN, ANDREW J. NEUHARTH, JAYNA M. PAQUIN, and MARY B. STANLEY, and each or any one of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, with power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix the undersigned s name as director and or officer of the Corporation to (1) a Form 10-K, Annual Report, or other applicable form, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), including any and all exhibits, schedules, supplements, certifications and supporting documents thereto, including, but not limited to, the Form 11-K Annual Reports of the Corporation s 401(k) Plan and similar plans pursuant to the 1934 Act, and all amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), as required in connection with its registration under the 1934 Act (2) one or more Forms 3, 4, or 5 pursuant to the 1934 Act, or Forms 144 pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), and all related documents, amendments, supplementations and corrections thereto and (3) one or more Registration Statements, on Form S-3, Form S-8, or other applicable forms, and all amendments, including post-effective amendments thereto, to be filed by the Corporation with the SEC in connection with the registration under the 1933 Act, as amended, of debt, equity and other securities of the Corporation, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents, with the SEC. 
 
 The undersigned also grants to said attorneys-in-fact, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. This Power of Attorney shall remain in effect until revoked in writing by the undersigned. 
 
 The undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below. 

Signed s Dmitri L. Stockton 
 
 Date January 30, 2023 
 
 Print Name Dmitri L. Stockton 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 tgt-20230128xexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Certifications 
 
 I, Brian C. Cornell, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Target Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 s Brian C. Cornell Brian C. Cornell Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 tgt-20230128xexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Certifications 
 
 I, Michael J. Fiddelke, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Target Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 s Michael J. Fiddelke Michael J. Fiddelke Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 tgt-20230128xexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Target Corporation, a Minnesota corporation the Company ), for the year ended January 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the officer's knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 s Brian C. Cornell Brian C. Cornell Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 tgt-20230128xexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Target Corporation, a Minnesota corporation the Company ), for the year ended January 28, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof the Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the officer's knowledge 
 
 1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 8, 2023 s Michael J. Fiddelke Michael J. Fiddelke Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 tgt-20230128.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 tgt-20230128_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 tgt-20230128_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 tgt-20230128_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 tgt-20230128_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

