<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1565228_0001493152-23-010183.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14338138</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>286215</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2270893</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5889724</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2520771</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3004002</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010183.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331153836
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010183
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		127
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vislink Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001565228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				205856795
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35988
		FILM NUMBER:		23787159

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 CLARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 125
		CITY:			MT. OLIVE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07828
		BUSINESS PHONE:		941 953 9035

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 CLARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 125
		CITY:			MT. OLIVE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07828

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	xG TECHNOLOGY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121220

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010183.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

 or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from__________ to__________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code): 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class: 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered: 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter periods that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for a such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by a check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million based on the closing price of 0.60
for the registrant s common stock as quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market on that date. Shares of common stock held by each director,
each officer, and each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from this calculation in that such
persons may be deemed affiliates. The determination of affiliate status is not necessarily conclusive. 

The
registrant had shares of its common stock outstanding as of March 16, 2023. 

INK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

 ANNUAL
REPORT 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 31 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 
 PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 

Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 32 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 
 33 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 45 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 45 
 
 PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 46 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 46 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 46 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 46 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 46 
 
 PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 51 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the section regarding Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations) (the Report contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, 
 believes, seeks, estimates, and similar words and phrases are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. However, this is not an all-inclusive list of words or phrases identifying forward-looking statements in this Report. Also,
all information concerning future matters is forward-looking statements. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Report reflect our management s good faith judgment, such information can only be based on facts
and circumstances currently known by us. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results
and outcomes may differ materially from those discussed or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Without limitation, factors
that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include those discussed elsewhere in this Report. 

We
file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and those reports are available free of charge on our website www.vislinktechnologies.com under About/Investor Information/SEC Filings. The reports available include our annual
reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, which are available
as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials or furnish them to the SEC. You can also read and copy
any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain
additional information about the Public Reference Room s operation by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains
an Internet site www.sec.gov containing reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that
file electronically with the SEC, including us. 

We
undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after
the date of this Report. We urge you to carefully review and consider all the disclosures made in this Report. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Vislink,
incorporated in Delaware in 2006, is a global technology business specializing in collecting, delivering, and managing high-quality,
live video and associated data from the action scene to the viewing screen. Vislink provides solutions for collecting live news, sports,
entertainment, and news events for the broadcast markets. Vislink also furnishes the surveillance and defense markets with real-time video
intelligence solutions using various tailored transmission products. The Vislink team also provides professional and technical services
utilizing a staff of technology experts with decades of applied knowledge and real-world experience in the terrestrial microwave, satellite,
fiber optic, surveillance, and wireless communications systems delivering a broad spectrum of customer solutions. 

Live
Broadcast: 

Vislink
delivers an extensive portfolio of solutions for live news, sports, and entertainment industries. These solutions include video collection,
transmission, management, and distribution via microwave, satellite, cellular, I.P. (Internet Protocol), MESH, and bonded cellular/5G
networks. We also provide solutions utilizing A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) technologies to provide automated news and sporting events
coverage. With over 50 years in operation, Vislink has the expertise and technology portfolio to deliver fully integrated, seamless,
end-to-end solutions. 

Industry-wide
contributors acknowledge Vislink s live broadcast solutions. The transmission of most of all outside wireless broadcast video content
uses our equipment, with over 200,000 systems installed worldwide. We work closely with the majority of the world s broadcasters.
Vislink wireless cameras and ultra-compact encoders help bring many of the world s most prestigious sporting and entertainment
events to life. Recent examples include globally watched international sporting contests, award shows, racing events, and annual music
and cultural events. 

Military
And Government: 

Vislink
has developed high-quality solutions to meet surveillance and defense markets operational and industry challenges based on our
knowledge of live video delivery. Vislink solutions are specifically designed with interagency cooperation, utilizing the internationally-recognized
I.P. platform and a web interface for video delivery. Vislink provides comprehensive video, audio, and data communications solutions
to law enforcement and the public safety community, including Airborne, Unmanned Systems, Maritime, and Tactical Mobile Command Posts.
These solutions may include: 

integrated
 suites of airborne downlink transmitters, receivers, and antenna systems 
 
 data
 and video connectivity for airborne, marine, and ground assets 
 
 UAV
 video distribution 
 
 flexible
 support for COFDM and bonded cellular/5G Networks 
 
 terrestrial
 point-to-point 
 
 tactical
 mobile command 
 
 IP-based,
 high-end encryption, full-duplex, real-time connectivity at extended operating ranges 
 
 high-throughput
 air/marine/ground-to-anywhere uplink and downlink systems 
 
 secure
 live streaming platforms for use in mobile and fixed assets 
 
 personal
 portable products 

Vislink
public safety and surveillance solutions are deployed worldwide, including throughout the U.S., Europe, and the Middle East, at the local,
regional, and federal levels of operation, criminal investigation, crisis management, mobile command posts, and field operations. These
solutions are designed to meet the demands of field operations, command centers, and central receiving sites. Short-range and long-range
solutions are available in areas including established infrastructure and exceptionally remote regions, making valuable video intelligence
available regardless of location. 

Satellite
Communications : 

Over
30 years of technical expertise support Vislink s satellite solutions. These solutions ensure robust, secure communications while
delivering low transmission costs for any organization that needs high-quality, reliable satellite transmission. We offer turnkey solutions
that begin with state-of-the-art coding, compression, and engine modulation and end with our robust, lightweight antenna systems. Vislink
Satellite solutions focus heavily on being the smallest, lightest, and most efficient in their categories, making transportation and
ease of use a key driver in the customer experience. Vislink offers an extensive range of satellite designs that allow customers to optimize
bit rate, size, weight, and total cost. Our satellite systems are used extensively globally, with over 2,000 systems deployed by governments,
militaries, and broadcasters. While we continue offering satellite solutions, we no longer invest in the engineering and product development
necessary to stay relevant in the sector. We will continue to market and sell our current solutions but do not anticipate introducing
further upgrades or features to our satellite product line. 

4 

Connected
Edge Solutions: 

Vislink
offers the hardware and software solutions needed to acquire, produce, contribute, and deliver video over all private and public networks
with the Mobile Viewpoint acquisition. Connected edge solutions aid the video transport concept of ubiquitous IP networks and cloud-scale
computing across 5G, WiFi6, Mesh, and COFDM-enabled networks. These solutions include: 

Live
 video encoding, stream adaptation, decoding, and production solutions 

Remote
 production workflows 

Wireless
 cameras 

AI-driven
 automated production 

Ability
 to contribute video over: 

Bonded cellular (3G and 4G) 

Satellite 

Fiber 

Emerging networks, including 5G and Starlink 

Our
Strategy 

Our
participation in the Live Production, Mil/Gov, and Satellite sectors allows us to offer various end-to-end, high-reliability, high-data-rate,
long-range wireless video transmission solutions. 

We
use our solutions for applications in growing market segments, including in-game sports, mobile video feeds, real-time capture and display
footage from drones and other aerial platforms, and rapid-response electronic newsgathering operations. 

The
acquisition of Mobile Viewpoint MVP in August 2021 is a component of our strategy to provide an industry-leading portfolio
of live video acquisition, contribution, and distribution solutions that meet the demanding needs of media, enterprise, defense, and
government organizations. Vislink and its customers will benefit from the ability to address the most transformative trends in today s
live video market, such as: 

Live
 internet video traffic is growing fast: from 2016 to 2021, there was a 15-fold increase in live video internet traffic (71.9 CAGR); 

The
 acceleration towards cloud-based remote production; 

The
 increasing demand for enhanced video content formats such as 4K, 8K, and 360-degree video; and 

The
 proliferation of new video transport capable networks such as 5G and Starlink. 

The
acquisition will permit the Company to expand its offerings, which serve the most of these transformative live video trends and bring
high-quality live production economically to the previously challenging presentation of historical events involving amateur and semi-pro
athletics. MVP s technology enhances our go-to-market strategy as we seek to take advantage of new technologies such as 5G and
other new networks and machine learning, which we believe are revolutionizing how video is generated and transported. 

5 

Market 

Our
services and product offerings broadly address Live Production, Mil/Gov, and Satellite markets. 

Among the new subsections of the sports and entertainment market, the Company has identified the burgeoning e-sports live-streaming applications
markets as those where our solutions have applicability. The Live Production market is focused on applying more agile wireless video systems
for live production and broadcast of sports, entertainment, and news events. Drivers in this market include small, lightweight, easy-to-use
equipment, low-latency video systems, reliability of the wireless links, and the ability to use licensed and unlicensed bands. Current
trends within the market reduce the size of these products further and improve the wireless video systems agility
as users demand higher link reliabilities at longer ranges. There is also an increased desire to provide audiences with new views and
camera angles to enhance the viewing experience. We address this need by incorporating 4K, HDR, and other emerging video technologies. 

The
Live Production market s broadcast news sector looks to improve operational efficiencies in gathering, producing, and transmitting
wireless content. Recent trends in the market include a movement towards I.P. connectivity over point-to-point links for infrastructure,
high-definition upgrades of remote newsgathering vehicles, and continued pressure to reduce expenses by improving operational efficiencies.
Vislink focuses on the specific ways these customers create and gather content wirelessly. As the wireless communications industry begins
transitioning to fifth-generation (5G) networks, the speed increases they will usher in expect to augment the availability of on-demand
live streaming, where Vislink equipment is already in use. 

The
Mil/Gov market comprises vital segments, including state and local law enforcement agencies, federal agencies, and military system integrators.
The market looks to improve video content s reliability and quality without adding complexity and omitting technical intervention
while operating video systems. State and local agencies benefit from the Department of Homeland Security grant programs to improve overall
security. Recent trends within these segments include improved interoperability within agencies and demand for fully integrated systems,
including robust microwave combined with ubiquitous I.P. networks; as the wireless video systems become more reliable and straightforward
to deploy, the wireless systems option rate increases. Customers within this market include state police forces, sheriff s
departments, fire departments, first responders, the Department of Justice, and Homeland Security. 

The
drive to experience more and better visual communication systems impacts the Satellite market. Live T.V. broadcasting over satellite,
and other connectivity types continues to be driven by cost-per-bit economics. Uplink operators are keen to reduce their OPEX costs by
investing in greater transmission efficiency via compression and modulation approaches. There is also an interest in high-rate I.P. connectivity
products and the desire for fully integrated solutions that enable remote live content capture, production, broadcast, and distribution.
While we continue offering satellite solutions, we no longer invest in the engineering and product development necessary to stay relevant
in the sector. We will continue to market and sell our current solutions but do not anticipate introducing further upgrades or features
to our satellite product line. 

6 

Our
Products and Solutions: Overview 

We
offer a full spectrum of wireless video products built around providing complete solutions. We have traditionally focused on developing
core product technologies in final assembled products that cross-market segments. Such technology focus areas include R.F., Live Streaming,
and microwave component development spanning the frequency range from D.C. to 18GHz, waveform modulation, advanced video encoding (HEVC)
and decoding, 4K UHD (Ultra High Definition) camera systems, and digital signal processing. Through these products, we are positioned
with significant technology I.P. and an established reputation for rapidly and economically delivering complex, bespoke engineering products
and solutions to customers that are expertly managed to tight deadlines. Production of these products can quickly be scaled to respond
to changes in market demand. 

Live
Production Products and Solutions 

Vislink
Live Production Solutions include high-definition communication links that reliably capture, transmit and manage live event footage.
We offer a line of high-margin wireless camera transmitter and receiver products that may be interconnected over I.P. networks, expanding
and simplifying their widespread use and significantly reducing deployment costs. HCAM is a 4K Ultra HD-capable on-camera wireless system
designed to cover significant events among our transmitter products. Our flagship receiver product is the Quantum Receiver. The Quantum
is an ultra-low latency, waveform agnostic central receiver representing the Vislink premier receiver in all market verticals, including
MilGov. Features include HEVC quad signal decode, seamless geographical coverage, and an I.P. stream engine with cloud integration possibilities,
OTT, and social media platforms. IP Link 3.0 is a studio-transmitter link system that enables broadcasting service platforms to access
new monetization opportunities. Other essential receiver products include the ViewBack, CRx6, and CIRAS-X6. ViewBack is a lightweight,
low-power, low latency, dual-channel diversity receiver-decoder that enables quicker production, more efficient editing, and more effective
collaboration between camera operators and studio teams. We also offer ultra-compact onboard solutions integrating our MDR (Multi-Channel
Diversity Receive System) technology with ruggedized support components designed to capture video from high-speed motorsports. 

7 

As
a result of our acquisition of Mobile Viewpoint, we also offer a portfolio of products that includes the WMT line of mobile encoders
and TerraLink rack encoders for live streaming over 4G and 5G, and systems developed using AI technologies for the automated coverage
of news and sports productions., The TrolleyLive RemotePro is an all-in-one production unit for remote live broadcasts. LinkMatrix is
a central platform for managing all devices and synchronizing all data sources. 

Quantum 

IP
Link 3.0 

WMT
BaseLink Encoder 

TerraLink
4CM Rack Encoder 

TrolleyLive
Remote Pro 

8 

Mil/Gov
Products and Solutions 

In
the Mil/Gov sector, Vislink has focused on supplying miniature transmitters and handheld receivers for tactical surveillance and benefits
from limited competition in this area. The HHT3 and Mobil Commanders are handheld receivers/monitors designed for tactical situations. 

The
Airborne Video Downlink System (AVDS) is a comprehensive aerial-based video transmission solution that delivers real-time surveillance
to enhance law enforcement, emergency, and critical infrastructure operations. It includes an integrated suite of downlink transmitters,
receivers, and antennas that capture real-time, reliable high-definition video from drones, helicopters, and other aircraft for display
at command centers, mobile units, and video management systems. AVDS allows an unlimited number of observers to view the video over any
network connection, including wired Ethernet, Wi-Fi, I.P. satellite, and I.P. cellular. AeroLink is an aircraft-based transmitter unit
that provides bi-directional data transmission and is tightly integrated with other elements of the Vislink AVDS, including the Quantum
and other Vislink central receivers. In addition to supporting Mil/Gov applications, AeroLink supports broadcast/ENG applications for
transmitting air-based feeds from breaking news and sporting events. 

HHT3 

Mobil
Commander 

AeroLink 

9 

Satellite
Products and Solutions 

Our top satellite product has historically been MSAT, a highly portable tri-band satellite antenna system designed for rapid deployment
in challenging environments. The Vislink Satellite product line features terminals ranging from 65cm man-portable systems to 2.4m flyaway
and driveaway systems, all available in multiple satellite band configurations. Other Vislink Satellite products include the DVE6100 encoder
and IRD6200 decoder electronics units complementing our satellite terminals. They support 4k UHD transmissions and deliver significant
bandwidth efficiencies to satellite communications. 

MSAT 

DVE6100 

10 

Competition
and Competitive Positioning 

Vislink
believes its primary competitors are Domo Tactical Communications (formerly a division of Cobham), Silvus Technologies, Persistent Systems,
Troll Systems, and several smaller market-specific businesses. 

We believe that Vislink represents one of the market share leaders in the professional broadcast and media video transmission sector.
We have successfully leveraged our history of broadcast industry leadership, reputation for advanced technology, and the ability to provide
end-to-end solutions to maintain and increase our customer base and continue delivering highly competitive offerings. Our products solve
a growing market need for regular, high-definition, wireless video communications. Many of our product offerings address applications
in growing market segments, including in-game sports-video mobile feeds, real-time capture and display footage from drones and other aerial
platforms, and rapid-response electronic newsgathering operations. 

Since
completing the global rebranding of our solutions under the single Vislink entity in 2018 and the acquisition of MVP in 2021, we believe
we can now offer an expanded range of product offerings, additional services, and enhanced capabilities. We believe this expansion of
product offerings will position us for continued growth in Live Production and Mil/Gov markets. We continue to market and sell satellite
solutions but do not anticipate investing in the engineering and development necessary to offer additional upgrades or features to our
current products. We seek to improve margins and control product quality and competitive agility as we refine our production processes. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
sales team comprises sales managers responsible for defined regional areas, inside sales personnel, and business development representatives
focused on targeted sectors and regions, supported by solution engineers trained in technical sales with a given market focus. The sales
team focuses on helping current customers and nurturing relationships with prospective customers in key domestic and international markets.
We employ a combination of sales channels, including direct-to-end customer sales, network group sales, reseller/integrators, and Original
Equipment Manufacturer OEM sales channels to use the most efficient means of reaching customers depending on the market
segment. Marketing and public relations activities, digital and print marketing initiatives, the creation of support materials, trade
shows, and other event appearances support our sales efforts. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our business development, sales, and marketing team comprised 22 full-time employees and 4 contractors. 

Customers 

Vislink has developed a significant following based on our product offerings reputation for performance, reliability,
and advanced technology use. We believe we have developed a diverse and stable customer base among blue-chip, tier-1 clients in Live Production
markets and high-profile agencies and organizations in Mil/Gov and Satellite markets. 

Manufacturing
and Suppliers 

We
utilize a combination of external contract manufacturers and internal resources to manufacture, test, assure the quality of, and ship
our products, allowing us to develop optimal supply chains tailored to our needs on a per-product and per-solution basis. As we advance,
we anticipate focusing on our core strengths: innovation and technology design and developing, creating, and exploiting our intellectual
property. 

We
may continue to rely upon third-party components and technology to build our products, particularly in the short term, as we procure
components, subassemblies, and products necessary to manufacture our products based on our design, development, and production needs.
While parts and supplies are generally available from various sources, we currently depend on a single or limited number of suppliers
for several components for our products. We rely on purchase orders rather than long-term contracts with our suppliers. A delay in production
could result if a supply disruption of critical components required us to re-engineer our products to incorporate alternate features. 

11 

Intellectual
Property 

We
have developed a broad intellectual property portfolio covering wired and wireless communications systems. As of December 31, 2022, we
have 17 patents granted in the United States, no patent applications pending, no provisional applications pending, and one disclosure.
Internationally, we have two patents granted, no patent applications pending, and no Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) applications. 

Areas
of our development activities that have culminated in filings and/or awarded patents include: 

Self-Organizing
 Networks; 

R.F.
 Modulation; 

Compression
 (protocols, payload, signaling, etc.); 

Modulators/Demodulators; 

Antennas/Shielding; 

Wired
 and Wireless Networks; 

Media
 Access Control Protocols; and 

Interference
 Mitigation. 

We
protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights and contractual restrictions. We control
access to our proprietary technology by entering confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors
and confidentiality agreements with third parties. We also actively monitor activities concerning infringing uses of our intellectual
property by third parties. 

In
addition to these contractual arrangements, we rely on a combination of the trade secret, copyright, trademark, trade dress, domain name,
and patents to protect our products and other intellectual property. We own a substantial portion of the copyright interests in the software
code used in connection with our products and the brand or title name trademark under our marketed products. We pursue our domain names,
trademarks, and service marks in the United States and locations outside the United States. Our registered trademarks in the United States
include xG, IMT, Vislink, Mobile Viewpoint, and the names of our products, among
others. 

Circumstances
outside our control could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. For example, adequate intellectual property protection may
not be available in the United States or other countries where our products are sold or distributed. Also, our efforts to protect our
proprietary rights may not be adequate. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our
ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time-consuming. Any unauthorized disclosure or use
of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business, harming our operating results. 

Mobile
wireless communications technology and other industries may own many patents, copyrights, and trademarks. They may frequently request
license agreements, threaten litigation, or file a suit against us based on infringement allegations or other violations of intellectual
property rights. We may face third-party claims that our competitors and non-practicing entities infringe on their trademarks, copyrights,
patents, and other intellectual property rights. As our business grows, we might face more claims of infringement. 

12 

Company
Information 

Effective February 11, 2019, xG Technology, Inc. changed its name to Vislink Technologies, Inc. Our predecessor company was initially
incorporated in Delaware in 2006. Our executive offices are at 350 Clark Dr., Suite 125, Mt. Olive, NJ 07828, and (908) 852-3700 is the
telephone number. Our website address is www.vislink.com. Our website s information is not part of the report and
is only for informational purposes. 

Human
Capital 

Overall 

Our
business results depend partly on our ability to successfully manage our human capital resources, including attracting, identifying,
and retaining key talent. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 109 full-time employees and 4 independent contractors, including 23 in
development, two officers, 13 in general and administrative, one in business development, 44 in operations, and 22 in sales and marketing.
As a global industrial technology company, many of our employees are engineers or trained trade or technical workers focusing on advanced
manufacturing, and many possess advanced college degrees. No labor union represented our employees at any of our worldwide facilities
as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company emphasizes several measures and objectives in managing its human capital assets, including, among others, employee safety and
wellness, talent acquisition and retention, employee engagement, development and training, diversity and inclusion, and compensation.
These targeted ideals vary by country/region and may include annual bonuses, stock-based compensation awards, a 401(k) plan with employee
matching opportunities, healthcare, and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leaves,
family care resources, employee assistance programs, and tuition assistance. We also provide our employees access to various innovative,
flexible, and convenient health and wellness programs. We designed these programs to support employees physical and mental health
by providing tools and resources to improve or maintain their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors. We consider
our employee relations generally to be good. 

Covid-19 

During
the COVID-19 pandemic, our employees safety remained vital to us. Our response to the global pandemic efforts included implementing
health-related protocols that we consider prudent. The Company continues to maintain policies relating to housekeeping, [visitation restrictions,
social distancing], sanitization, hygiene, and respiratory etiquette. We retain employee leave policies and accommodations, remote working
opportunities and infrastructure, and protocols for not reporting to work and/or when to return to work upon potential and/or confirmed
COVID-19 exposure or infection. The use of personal protective equipment is an employee choice and optional for visitors to Company facilities.
We support employees physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to improve or maintain their health status and
encourage engagement in healthy behaviors. 

13 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

In
addition to the other information in this Form 10-K, readers should consider the following essential factors carefully. These factors,
among others, in some cases, have affected, and in the future could affect, our financial condition and results of operations and could
cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements that appear in this Form
10-K or that we have made or will make elsewhere. 

Risk
Factor Summary 

The
following summarizes certain factors that may make our company s investment speculative or risky. You should carefully consider
the entire risk factor disclosure outlined in this Annual Report, in addition to the other information herein, including the section
of this Report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our
financial statements and related notes. 

We
 have incurred losses in the past and may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 

We
 may need to raise additional capital to fund our existing commercial operations, develop and commercialize new products and expand
 our operations. 

If
 we cannot regain or maintain compliance with Nasdaq s applicable continued listing requirements or standards, Nasdaq could
 delist our Common Stock. 

We
 face risks related to COVID-19, which could significantly disrupt our operations and adversely impact us and our business. 

We
 may require additional capital to develop and market new products. If we do not obtain additional financing, our business prospects,
 financial condition, and results of operations will be adversely affected if required. 

Our
 industry is highly competitive, and we may not compete effectively. 

Defects
 or errors in our products and services or products made by our suppliers could harm our brand and relations with our customers and
 expose us to liability. If we experience product recalls, we may incur significant expenses and experience decreased demand for our
 products. 

We
 acknowledge material weaknesses in the controls and procedures of our financial reporting. In the future, we may identify additional
 material weaknesses that may cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, including timeliness, or result in material misstatements
 of our financial statements. 

We
 rely on key executive officers, and their knowledge of our business and technical expertise would be difficult to replace. 

We
 purchase some components, subassemblies, and products from a limited number of suppliers. The loss of these suppliers may substantially
 disrupt our ability to obtain orders and fulfill sales as we design and qualify new components. 

Our
 intellectual property protections may be insufficient to safeguard our technology adequately. 

We
 may be subject to claims of intellectual property infringement or invalidity. Expenses incurred for monitoring, protecting, and defending
 our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business. 

Enforcement
 of our intellectual property rights abroad, particularly in China, is limited, and it is often difficult to protect and enforce such
 rights. 

The
 intellectual property rights of others may prevent us from developing new products or entering new markets. 

We
 may be subject to infringement claims in the future. 

If
 our technology did not work as planned or was unsuccessful in developing and selling new products or penetrating new markets, our
 business and operating results would suffer. 

Demand
 for our defense-related products and products for emergency response services depends on government spending. 

Regulation
 of the telecommunications industry could harm our operating results and prospects. 

New
 regulations or standards or changes in existing laws or standards in the United States or internationally related to our products
 may result in unanticipated costs or liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
 and future sales, and could place additional burdens on the operations of our business. 

Our
 industry is subject to rapid technological change, and we must make substantial investments in new products, services, and technologies
 to compete successfully. 

At
 several of our annual stockholder meetings, including our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we failed to obtain ratification by
 our stockholders of specific proposals submitted for approval of our stockholders at prior annual meetings, which could be deemed
 defective corporate acts. 

14 

Risks
Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has unfavorably affected the Company s business, financial condition, and operating results and could affect
the Company s liquidity. We cannot predict, with any certainty, how future events may affect our operations in the near and long-term
in the COVID-19 pandemic environment. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and the continued measures to reduce its spread have negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted consumer/customer
demand and supply chains, and created significant volatility and financial market disruption. These measures and the continued volatility
of the worldwide economy adversely affected our results of operations for 2022. 

The
extent to which COVID-19 will impact our business remains uncertain and will depend on various changing factors on a day-to-day basis.
We may not be able to predict such items accurately as: 

the
 duration and scope of the pandemic, 

the
 disruption of the national and global economy, 

the
 span of the economic downturn, 

the
 laws, programs, actions, and vaccine mandates that federal, state, and local governments will enact or take, 

the
 possibility to which our clients businesses contract or fail, 

the
 applicability to which new regulations intended to help small and medium-sized businesses, 

the
 extent to which our operations are impacted by facility closures, remote work, and/or infections, 

and
 how quickly and to what time normal economic and operating conditions can resume. 

These
factors could exacerbate the risks and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Risks
Related to the Company and Our Business 

We
have incurred losses in the past and may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. 

We
have incurred net losses since inception, including net losses of 13.6 million and 16.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021, respectively. As a result of ongoing losses, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 300.1 million and
 25.6 million of cash. We expect to continue to incur significant sales and marketing, product development, regulatory and other expenses
as we seek to expand existing relationships with our customers, obtain new customers, reach new markets, and develop new products or
add new features to our existing products. Our net income (loss) may fluctuate significantly from fiscal period to period. We will need
to generate significant additional revenues and/or cost-cutting to achieve and sustain profitability, and even if we achieve profitability,
we cannot be sure that we will remain profitable for any substantial period of time. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability
could negatively impact the value of our common stock. 

15 

We
may need to raise additional capital to fund our existing commercial operations, develop and commercialize new products and expand our
operations. 

Suppose
our available cash balances, potential borrowing capacity, and anticipated cash flow from operations are insufficient to satisfy our
liquidity requirements, including because of lower demand for our products, whether as a result of the risks described in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K or otherwise, we may seek to sell common or preferred equity or debt securities, other forms of third-party funding
or seek debt financing. Our current and future funding requirements will depend on many different factors, including: 

our
ability to achieve revenue growth and improve operating margin; 

the
 cost of expanding our operations and offerings, including our sales and marketing efforts; 
 
 our
 rate of progress in, and cost of the sales and marketing activities associated with, establishing
 adoption of our products and maintaining or improving our sales to our current customers; 
 
 the
 cost of research and development activities, including research and development relating
 to new products and technologies or features for existing products; 
 
 the
 effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 
 costs
 related to international expansion; and 
 
 the
 potential cost and delays resulting from regulatory oversight of our business and products. 

We
may also consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business, pursue strategic investments, take advantage of financing
opportunities, or for other reasons, including: 

expand
 our sales and marketing efforts to increase market adoption of our products and address competitive
 developments; 
 
 fund
 development and marketing efforts of any future products or additional features to then-current
 products; 
 
 acquire,
 license, or invest in new technologies; 
 
 provide
 for supply and inventory costs associated with plans to accommodate potential increases in
 demand for our products; 
 
 acquire
 or invest in complementary businesses or assets; and 
 
 finance
 capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 

Additional
capital may not be available to us at such times or in needed amounts. Even if capital is available, it might be available only on unfavorable
terms. Any issuance of additional equity or equity-linked securities could be dilutive to our existing stockholders, and any new equity
securities could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Debt financing, if available,
may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt, pay dividends, repurchase our stock, make investments,
and engage in merger, consolidation, or asset sale transactions. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements
with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish or license some rights to our technologies or products on terms that are not favorable
to us. If access to sufficient capital is not available as and when needed, our business will be materially impaired, and we may be required
to cease operations, curtail one or more product development or expansion programs, significantly reduce expenses, sell assets, seek
a merger or joint venture partner, file for protection from creditors or liquidate all our assets. 

We
face risks related to COVID-19, which could significantly disrupt our operations and adversely impact us and our business. 

The
enduring effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the advent of Delta and Omicron variants, plus the uncertainty of possible future
variants, may subject the Company to particular challenges in its business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
The timing and efficacy of the vaccination programs in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates and the actions implemented to
contain the impact of COVID-19 by Federal and local governments limit determining the foreseeable resulting economic effects with any
level of predictability. 

We
may require additional capital to develop and market new products. If we do not obtain additional financing, our business prospects,
financial condition, and results of operations will be adversely affected if required. 

We
may require additional capital to develop new products in the future, and we may not be able to secure adequate additional financing
when needed on acceptable terms or at all. To execute our business strategy, we may issue additional equity securities in public or private
offerings, potentially at discounts to the current or future market price of our Common Stock. If we cannot secure additional funding,
we may be forced to forego strategic opportunities or delay, scale back, and eliminate future product development. 

Our
industry is highly competitive, and we may not compete effectively. 

The
communications industry is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and constantly technological change. We expect that new competitors
are likely to join existing competitors. Many of our competitors may be larger and have more excellent financial, technical, operational,
marketing, and other resources and experience than we do. If a competitor expends significant resources, we may not compete successfully.
Also, the pace of technological change makes it impossible for us to predict whether we will face new competitors using different technologies
to provide products. If our competitors were to offer better and more cost-effective products than our products, we might not be able
to capture any significant market share. 

16 

Defects
or errors in our products and services or products made by our suppliers could harm our brand and relations with our customers and expose
us to liability. If we experience product recalls, we may incur significant expenses and experience decreased demand for our products. 

Our
products are inherently complex and may contain defects and errors that are only detectable when the products are in use. Because our
products are used for personal and business purposes, such faults or errors could severely impact our end customers, damaging our reputation
and customer relationships and exposing us to liability. Defects or impurities in our components, materials, or software, equipment failures,
or other difficulties could adversely affect our customers ability to ship products on a timely basis and customer or licensee
demand for our products. Any shipment delays or declines in demand could reduce our revenues and harm our ability to achieve or sustain
desired levels of profitability. Our customers may also experience component or software failures or defects requiring significant product
recalls, rework, and/or repairs not covered by warranty reserves. 

We
acknowledge material weaknesses in the controls and procedures of our financial reporting. In the future, we may identify additional
material weaknesses that may cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, including timeliness, or result in material misstatements
of our financial statements. If we continue to remediate our material weaknesses or implement effective controls and procedures for our
financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be adversely affected, which would likely
adversely affect the value of our Common Stock. 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting is a process designed by and under the supervision of the Company s principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company s Board, management, and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes under generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of the Company; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements following generally
 accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only by authorizations of its management
 and Board; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement
of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. Also, projections of any effectiveness evaluation to future
periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). In their
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management concluded that such
control was ineffective and that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses because (i) we currently do not
employ the appropriate number of accounting personnel to ensure (a) we maintain proper segregation of duties, (b) conduct a tolerable
risk assessment, and (ii) we have not adequately documented a complete assessment of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our internal control over financial reporting. 

We
are designing and implementing measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the material weaknesses
related to our financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management has engaged a third-party consultant to identify and document
our internal control deficiencies and provide an assessment of current controls and recommendations regarding remediation efforts to
eliminate or mitigate the control deficiencies. Until we can remediate this situation, there are no assurances that the material weaknesses
in our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will not result in errors in our financial statements,
which could lead to a restatement of those financial statements. 

17 

The
Company is in the process of affecting the following: 

additional
 review procedures within our accounting and finance department, 

Implement
 application controls in our accounting system, and 

Implementing
 suitable accounting controls and processes. 

If
we cannot conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes
Oxley Act of 2002, in that case, our independent registered public accounting firm may not issue an unqualified opinion or cause us to
be untimely concerning our reporting obligations. If we cannot conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting,
investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on the trading price
of our common stock. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain
other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. We will not
fully correct the identified material weaknesses until the ongoing steps described above are effectively attained and operating efficiently
for an appropriate time. 

Our
charter documents and Delaware law could prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and reduce our Common Stock s
market price. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws contain provisions that
could delay or prevent a change in our Company s control. These provisions could also make it more difficult for stockholders to
elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions include: 

authorizing
 the Board to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock with rights senior to those of our Common Stock; 

limiting
 the persons who may call special meetings of stockholders; and 

they
 require advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals. 

Also,
the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL govern us. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, particularly those owning 15 
or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a specific time without our Board s consent. These
and other provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws and under Delaware law could discourage potential takeover attempts,
reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Common Stock and result in the market price of
our Common Stock being lower than it would be without these provisions. 

Although
our products may not cause users technical issues, our business and reputation may be harmed if users perceive our solutions to cause
a slow or unreliable network connection or a high-profile network failure. 

We
expect our products to be in many different locations and user environments and can provide transmission of video, mobile broadband connectivity,
and interference mitigation, among other applications. Our products ability to operate effectively can be negatively impacted
by many different elements unrelated to our products. Although our products may not cause technical issues, users often may perceive
the underlying cause of our technology s poor performance. This perception, even if incorrect, could harm our business and reputation.
Similarly, a high-profile network failure may be caused by improper operation or failure of a network component we did not supply. Still,
other service providers may perceive that our products were implicated, which, even if incorrect, could harm our business, operating
results, and financial condition. 

18 

Our
ability to sell our products will be highly dependent on the quality of our support and service offerings, and our failure to offer high-quality
support and services would adversely affect our sales and the results of operations. 

Once
our products are deployed, our channel partners and end customers will depend on our support organization to resolve any issues relating
to our products. A high level of support will be necessary for our products successful marketing and sale. In many cases, our
channel partners will likely provide support directly to our end customers, and we will not have complete control over the quality of
the support supplied by our channel partners. These channel partners may also support other third-party products, potentially distracting
resources from support for our products. Suppose our channel partners do not effectively assist our end customers in deploying our products,
succeed in helping our end customers quickly, resolve post-deployment issues, or provide adequate ongoing support. In that case, our
ability to sell our products to existing end customers could be adversely affected, and our reputation with potential end customers could
be harmed. We sometimes guarantee a certain performance level to our channel partners and end customers, which could prove resource-intensive
and expensive if unforeseen technical problems arise. 

We
are subject to increasing operating costs and inflation risks, which may adversely affect our performance. 

While
we attempt to offset increases in operating costs through various measures focused on increasing revenues, there is no assurance that
we will do so. Therefore, operating expenses may rise faster than associated revenues resulting in a material adverse impact on our cash
flow and margins. 

We
are also impacted by inflationary increases in wages and benefits, whether driven by competition for talent or ordinary course pay increases
and other rising costs. Increases in the rate of inflation could also significantly impact our cost base. In all countries in which we
operate, wage inflation, whether driven by competition for talent or ordinary course pay increases, may also increase our cost of providing
services and reduce our profitability if we are not able to pass those costs on to our clients or charge premium prices when justified
by market demand. 

We
are subject to increasing operating costs and inflation risks, which may adversely affect our performance. 

While
we attempt to offset increases in operating costs through various measures focused on increasing revenues, there is no assurance that
we will do so. Therefore, operating expenses may rise faster than associated revenues resulting in a material adverse impact on our cash
flow and margins. 

We
are also impacted by inflationary increases in wages and benefits, whether driven by competition for talent or ordinary course pay increases
and other rising costs. Increases in the rate of inflation could also significantly impact our cost base. In all countries in which we
operate, wage inflation, whether driven by competition for talent or ordinary course pay increases, may also increase our cost of providing
services and reduce our profitability if we are not able to pass those costs on to our clients or charge premium prices when justified
by market demand. 

We
may fail to recruit and retain qualified personnel. 

We
expect to rapidly expand our operations and grow our sales, development, and administrative functions. This expansion is expected to
significantly strain our management and require hiring a considerable quantity of qualified personnel. Accordingly, recruiting and retaining
such personnel in the future will be critical to our success. There is intense competition from other companies for qualified personnel
in our activities. Suppose we fail to identify, attract, retain, and motivate this highly skilled personnel. In that case, we may be
unable to continue our marketing and development activities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and prospects. 

We
rely on key executive officers, and their knowledge of our business and technical expertise would be difficult to replace. 

We
depend highly on our executive officers because of their expertise and experience in the telecommunications industry. We have agreements
with our executive officers containing customary non-disclosure, non-compete, confidentiality, and assignment of inventions provisions.
Our officers do not have key person life insurance policies. The loss of our key personnel s technical knowledge,
management, and industry expertise could result in delays in product development, loss of customers and sales, and diversion of management
resources, adversely affecting our operating results. 

19 

We
purchase some components, subassemblies, and products from a limited number of suppliers. The loss of these suppliers may substantially
disrupt our ability to obtain orders and fulfill sales as we design and qualify new components. 

We
sometimes rely on third-party components and technology to build and operate our products, and until full integration with IMT and VCS,
we may rely on our contract manufacturers to obtain the parts, subassemblies, and products necessary for the manufacture of our products.
Shortages in components we use in our products are possible, and our ability to predict such components availability is limited.
While parts and supplies are generally available from various sources, our contract manufacturers currently depend on a single or limited
number of suppliers for several of our products. If our suppliers of these components or technology were to enter into exclusive relationships
with other providers of wireless networking equipment or were to discontinue providing such components and technology to us, and we could
not replace them cost-effectively or at all, our ability to provide our products would be impaired. Our contract manufacturers generally
rely on purchase orders rather than long-term contracts with these suppliers. 

Specific
supply chains disruptions, such as the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine, trade sanctions, and similar events, may also arise.
It may be difficult for us to assess the ability of our suppliers to timely meet our demand in the future based on past performance.
As a result, even if available, our contract manufacturers and we may not secure sufficient components at reasonable prices or acceptable
quality to build our products on time. Therefore, we may be unable to meet customer demand for our products, adversely affecting our
business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We
do not have long-term contracts with our existing contract manufacturers. The loss of any of our current contract manufacturers could
adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We
do not have long-term contracts with our existing contract manufacturers. If any of our current contract manufacturers are unable or
unwilling to manufacture our products in the future, the loss of such contract manufacturers could adversely affect our business, operating
results, and financial condition. 

Our
intellectual property protections may be insufficient to safeguard our technology adequately. 

Given
the rapid pace of innovation and technological change within the wireless and broadband industries, our personnel, consultants, and contractors 
technical and creative skill and ability to develop, enhance, and market new products and upgrades to existing products are critical
to continued success. Our success and ability to compete effectively depend on the proprietary technology we have developed internally.
We rely primarily on patent laws to protect our proprietary rights. As of December 31, 2021, in the United States, we have 17 patents
granted, no patent applications pending, and no provisional applications pending. Internationally, we have 2 patents granted and no patent
applications pending. There can be no assurance that patents awaiting or future patent applications will be issued or that we would have
the resources to protect any such issued patent from infringement if issued. 

Further,
we cannot patent much critical technology to our business. To date, we have relied on copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws, as
well as confidentiality procedures, non-compete and/or work-for-hire invention assignment agreements, and licensing arrangements with
our employees, consultants, contractors, customers, and vendors, to establish and protect our rights to this technology and, to the best
extent possible, control the access to and distribution of our technology, software, documentation, and other proprietary information.
Despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third party to copy or otherwise obtain and use this technology without authorization.
Policing unauthorized use of this technology is challenging. There can be no assurance that our steps will prevent the misappropriation
of or prevent unauthorized third parties from obtaining or using the technology we rely on. Also, adequate protection may be unavailable
or limited in some jurisdictions. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or protect our rights. 

We
may be subject to claims of intellectual property infringement or invalidity. Expenses incurred for monitoring, protecting, and defending
our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business. 

Competitors
and others may infringe on our intellectual property rights or allege we have violated theirs. If we are found to infringe on others 
rights, we could be required to discontinue offering certain products or systems, pay damages, or purchase a license to use the intellectual
property in question from its owner. Monitoring infringement and misappropriation of intellectual property can be difficult and expensive,
and we may be unable to detect infringement or misappropriation of our proprietary rights. We may also incur significant litigation expenses
in protecting our intellectual property or defending our use of intellectual property, reducing our ability to fund product initiatives.
These expenses could hurt our future cash flows and the results of operations. Litigation can also distract management from the day-to-day
operations of the business. 

20 

Enforcement
of our intellectual property rights abroad, particularly in China, is limited, and it is often difficult to protect and enforce such
rights. 

Many
companies have encountered substantial intellectual property infringement in countries where we sell, or intend to sell, products or
have our products manufactured. Patent protection outside the United States is generally not as comprehensive as in the United States
and may not protect our intellectual property in some countries where our products are sold or may be sold in the future. Even if patents
are granted outside the United States, effective enforcement may not be available in those countries. 

In
particular, the legal regime relating to China s intellectual property rights is limited, and it is often difficult to protect
and enforce such rights. The regulatory scheme for implementing China s intellectual property laws may not be as developed as other
countries regulatory schemes. Any advancement of an intellectual property enforcement claim through China s regulatory system
may require extensive time, allowing intellectual property infringers to continue mostly unimpeded, to our commercial detriment in the
Chinese and other export markets. Also, rules of evidence may be unclear, inconsistent, or difficult to comply with, making it difficult
to prove infringement of our intellectual property rights. As a result, enforcement cases involving technology, such as copyright infringement
of software code or unauthorized manufacture or sale of products containing patented inventions, may be difficult or impossible to sustain. 

These
factors may make it increasingly complicated for us to enforce our intellectual property rights against parties misappropriating or copying
our technology or products without our authorization, allowing competing enterprises to harm our business in the Chinese or other export
markets by affecting the pricing for our products, reducing our sales and diluting our brand or product quality reputation. 

The
intellectual property rights of others may prevent us from developing new products or entering new markets. 

The
telecommunications industry is characterized by the rapid development of new technologies, which requires us to continuously introduce
new products and expand into new markets that may be created. Therefore, our success depends on adapting our products and systems, incorporating
new technologies, and growing into markets that new technologies may design. If technologies are protected by others intellectual
property rights, including our competitors, we may be prevented from introducing new products or expanding into new markets created by
these technologies. If others intellectual property rights prevent us from using innovative technologies, our financial condition,
operating results, or prospects may be harmed. 

We
may be subject to infringement claims in the future. 

We
may be unaware of filed patent applications and issued patents that could include claims covering our products. Parties making claims
of infringement may be able to obtain injunctive or other equitable relief that could effectively block our ability to sell or supply
our products or license our technology and cause us to pay substantial royalties, licensing fees, or damages. The defense of any lawsuit
could divert management s efforts and attention from ordinary business operations and result in time-consuming and expensive litigation,
regardless of the merits of such claims. These outcomes may (i) require us to stop selling products or using technology that contains
the allegedly infringing intellectual property; (ii) need us to redesign those products that have the allegedly infringing intellectual
property; (iii) require us to pay substantial damages to the party whose intellectual property rights we may be found to be infringing;
(iv) result in the loss of existing customers or prohibit the acquisition of new customers; (v) cause us to attempt to obtain a license
to the relevant intellectual property from third parties, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all; (vi) materially and
adversely affect our brand in the market place and cause a substantial loss of goodwill; (vii) cause our stock price to decline significantly;
(viii) materially and adversely affect our liquidity, including our ability to pay debts and other obligations as they become due; or
(ix) lead to our bankruptcy or liquidation. 

We
rely on the availability of third-party licenses. If these licenses are available only on less favorable terms or not in the future,
our business and operating results will be harmed. 

We
have incorporated third-party licensed technology into our products. It may be necessary to renew licenses relating to these products
or seek additional licenses for existing or new products. There can be no assurance that the required licenses will be available on acceptable
terms or at all. The inability to obtain specific licenses or other rights, or to obtain those licenses or rights on favorable terms,
or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters could result in delays in product releases until such time, if ever, as equivalent
technology could be identified, licensed or developed and integrated into our products and might have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results and financial condition. Moreover, the inclusion in our products of intellectual property licensed from third
parties on a nonexclusive basis could limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights. 

21 

We
expect to base our inventory purchasing decisions on our forecasts of customers demand, and if our forecasts are inaccurate, our
operating results could be materially harmed. 

As
our customer base increases, we expect to place orders based on customer demand forecasts with our contract manufacturers. Our forecasts
will be based on multiple assumptions, each of which may cause our estimates to be inaccurate, affecting our ability to provide products
to our customers. When demand for our products increases significantly, we may not be able to meet demand on a timely basis, and we may
need to expend a significant amount of time working with our customers to allocate limited supply and maintain positive customer relations,
or we may incur additional costs to rush the manufacture and delivery of other products. If we underestimate customers demand,
we may forego revenue opportunities, lose market share, and damage customer relationships. Conversely, if we overestimate customer demand,
we may purchase more inventory than we can sell at any given time or at all. Also, we grant our distributors stock rotation rights, which
require us to accept stock back from a distributor s inventory, including obsolete inventory. As a result of our failure to correctly
estimate the demand for our products, we could have excess or obsolete inventory, resulting in a decline in our inventory value, which
would increase our costs of revenues and reduce our liquidity. Our failure to accurately manage inventory relative to demand would adversely
affect our operating results. 

If
our technology did not work as planned or was unsuccessful in developing and selling new products or penetrating new markets, our business
and operating results would suffer. 

Our
ability to compete successfully depends on our ability to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market, and support new products
and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis to keep pace with market needs and satisfy customers demands. Our success
and ability to compete depend on the technology we have developed or may develop in the future. There is a risk that the technology we
have developed or may develop may not work as intended or that the technology marketing may not be as successful as anticipated. Further,
the markets in which our customers and we compete or plan to compete are characterized by regularly and rapidly changing technologies
and technological obsolescence. A fundamental technological shift in our target markets could harm our competitive position. Our failure
to anticipate these shifts, develop new technologies, or react to changes in existing technologies could materially delay our development
of new products, resulting in product obsolescence, decreased revenue, and a loss of customer wins to our competitors. New technologies
and products require substantial investment and long development and testing periods before being commercially viable. We intend to continue
to make significant investments in developing new technologies and products, and it is possible that we may not successfully be able
to build or acquire new products or product enhancements that compete effectively within our target markets or differentiate our products
based on functionality, performance or cost and that our latest technologies and products will not result in meaningful revenue. Any
delays in developing and releasing new or enhanced products could cause us to lose revenue opportunities and customers. Any technical
flaws in product releases could diminish our products innovative impact and harm customer adoption and reputation. If we fail
to introduce new products that meet our customers demands or target markets, do not achieve market acceptance, or fail to penetrate
new markets, our revenue will not increase over time, and our operating results and competitive position will suffer. 

We
rely extensively on information technology systems and could face cybersecurity risks. 

We
rely extensively and increasingly on information technologies and infrastructure to manage our business, including developing new business
opportunities and digital streaming products and services. Our business operations depend on secure transmission and other data and video
processing over the internet and interconnected systems. Malicious technology-related events, such as cyberattacks, computer hacking,
computer viruses, ransomware, worms, and other destructive or disruptive software and other attempts to gain access to confidential or
personal data, denial of service attacks, and other malicious activities are becoming increasingly diverse and sophisticated, and the
incidence of these events is on the rise worldwide and highlights the need for continual and effective cybersecurity awareness and education.
Our business, which involves the collection, use, transmission, and other distribution of data and video, may make us and our clients
and business partners attractive targets of hackers, denial of service attacks, malicious code, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks,
and other threat actors, including malicious insiders (such as employees and prior employees), which may result in security incidents,
including the unauthorized access, misuse, loss, corruption, inaccessibility, or destruction of this data (including personal, confidential
and sensitive information), unavailability of services, or other adverse events. We have in the past faced cyber-attacks of this nature,
and we expect to continue to face such attacks in the future. Some of these attacks have been successful, although none to date have
been material. We cannot guarantee that our defensive measures will prevent such attacks in the future. These types of cyber-attacks
and incidents can give rise to various losses and costs, including legal exposure and regulatory fines, damages to reputation, and others.
If successful, these incidents could also materially disrupt operational systems and result in the loss of intellectual property, trade
secrets, other proprietary or competitively sensitive information, and general data (including personal information). 

Data
breaches and improper use of social media by employees and others may risk sensitive data, such as personal information, strategic plans,
and trade secrets, being exposed to third parties or the general public. Any such breaches or breakdowns could expose us to legal liability,
be expensive to remedy, result in a loss of our or our clients or vendors proprietary information, and damage our reputation.
Efforts to develop, implement and maintain security measures are costly, may not successfully prevent these events from occurring, and
may require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and cyberattack techniques change frequently or are not recognized until
successful. 

Furthermore,
computer malware, viruses, hacking, and phishing attacks have become more prevalent in our industry and may occur in future systems.
Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any failure to maintain
performance, reliability, security, and availability of our products and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of our users may
harm our reputation and our ability to attract and retain customers. 

22 

Regulation
of the telecommunications industry could harm our operating results and prospects. 

The
traditional telecommunications industry is highly regulated, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by
changes in regulations relating to the Internet telecommunications industry. Currently, few laws or regulations apply directly to access
to or commerce on intellectual property networks, but future regulations could include sales taxes and tariffs in previously unregulated
areas and provider access charges. We could be adversely affected by the regulation of intellectual property networks and commerce in
any country where we market equipment and services to service or content providers. Rules governing the range of services and business
models that service providers or content providers can offer could adversely affect those customers needs for products designed
to enable a wide range of such services or business models. For instance, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission FCC has issued regulations governing aspects of fixed broadband networks and wireless networks. These regulations might impact service provider
and content provider business models and providers needs for Internet telecommunications equipment and services. Also, many jurisdictions
are evaluating or implementing cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection regulations, which could affect the market and networking
and security equipment requirements. 

Environmental
regulations concerning electronic equipment manufacturing or operations may adversely impact our business and financial condition. For
instance, the European Union has adopted electronic waste, e-waste, e-scrap, or electrical and electronic equipment waste, Restriction
of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances, Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals. Furthermore, some
governments have regulations prohibiting government entities from purchasing security products that do not meet specified indigenous
certification criteria, even though those criteria may conflict with accepted international standards. Similar regulations are in effect
or under consideration in several jurisdictions where we do business. 

Adopting
and implementing such regulations could decrease demand for our products, increase the cost of building and selling our products, impact
our ability to ship products into affected areas, and recognize revenue on time. Any of these impacts could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, and the results of operations. 

At
several of our annual stockholder meetings, including our 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, we failed to obtain ratification by our
stockholders of specific proposals submitted for approval of our stockholders at prior annual meetings, which could be deemed defective
corporate acts. 

At
our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our Board submitted to our stockholders for their approval (i) a proposal to approve our 2015
Employee Stock Purchase Plan and (ii) a proposal to approve our 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan. At our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
our Board submitted to our stockholders for their approval (i) a proposal to approve our 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and (ii) a
proposal to approve our 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan. At our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our Board submitted to our stockholders,
for their approval, (i) a proposal to approve an amendment to our 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares
of Common Stock available for sale under such plan; (ii) a proposal to approve an amendment to our 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan to
increase the number of shares of Common Stock available for sale under such plan; and (iii) a proposal to approve our 2017 Incentive
Compensation Plan. 

At
each of these annual meetings, our inspector of elections determined that the applicable proposal received the requisite stockholder
approval under our amended and restated bylaws Bylaws and certified that the proposal passed, which was subsequently
disclosed in an applicable Current Report on Form 8-K. Questions have been raised about whether the votes on such proposals were tabulated
following our Bylaws provisions and whether the requisite votes were obtained to approve each of these proposals. 

According
to the provisions of Section 204 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL and to continue to remain
in compliance with Nasdaq s Listing Rules, we submitted all of these proposals, again, to our stockholders at our 2019 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders for ratification to resolve any defects in the corporate acts relating to the approval of these proposals by our stockholders
at the prior meetings. We could not obtain ratification by our stockholders for any proposals submitted to them at the 2019 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders. Although we intend to resubmit these proposals to our stockholders for ratification, there can be no assurance that
any of these proposals will be ratified. Suppose we cannot secure such ratifications or are deemed inadequate, among other consequences.
In that case, this could result in a determination that none of the shares issued by us under these plans were duly authorized and validly
issued, which could create accounting issues, affect our liquidity and capital structure, and expose us to claims from recipients of
any stock awards granted according to such plans, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

23 

Demand
for our military and government-related products and products for emergency response services depends on government spending. 

A
portion of our business is derived from military and government markets. The military and government market largely depends on government
budgets and is subject to governmental appropriations. Although multi-year contracts may be authorized with major procurements, funds
are generally appropriated on a fiscal-year basis, even though a program may be expected to continue for several years. Consequently,
programs are often only partially funded, and additional funds are committed if further appropriations are made. We cannot assure you
that maintenance of or increases in military and government spending will be allocated to programs that would benefit our business. A
decrease in levels of military and government spending or the government s termination of, or failure to fully fund, one or more
of the contracts for the programs in which we participate could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and the results
of operations. Moreover, we cannot assure you that the new military and government-related communication and broadcasting programs we
participate in will enter full-scale production as expected. 

Our
potential customers for our communication, surveillance and satellite products and solutions will likely include U.S. Government or Government-related
entities that are subject to appropriations by Congress. Reduced funding for military and government procurement and research and development
programs would likely adversely impact our ability to generate revenues. 

We
anticipate that a portion of our revenue will be derived from our communication, surveillance, and satellite products and solutions,
at least in the foreseeable future, from U.S. Government and Government-related entities, including the U.S. Department of Defense and
other departments and agencies. Government programs in which we may seek to participate, and contracts for our products, must compete
with other programs for consideration during Congress budget and appropriations hearings and may be affected by changes in political
power and appointments and general economic conditions, and other factors beyond our control. A government closure based on a failure
of Congress to agree on federal appropriations or the uncertainty surrounding a continuing resolution may result in the termination or
delay of federal funding opportunities we are pursuing. Reductions, extensions, or terminations in a program in which we seek to participate,
or overall defense or another spending could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and realize profits. We cannot predict
whether potential changes in security, military, communications, and intelligence priorities will afford opportunities for our business
regarding research and development or product contracts. Still, a possible reduction in government spending on such programs could negatively
impact our ability to generate revenues. In addition, our ability to participate in U.S. Government programs may be affected by the adoption
of new laws or regulations relating to government contracting or changes in existing laws or regulations, changes in political or public
support for security, military and government programs, and uncertainties associated with the current global threat environment and other
geo-political matters. 

Contracting
with government entities can be complex, expensive, and time-consuming. 

The
procurement process for government entities is, in many ways, more challenging than contracting in the private sector. We must comply
with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration, performance, and pricing of contracts with government entities,
including U.S. federal, state, and local governmental bodies. 

Government
entities often require highly specialized contract terms that may differ from our standard arrangements. Government entities often impose
complicated compliance requirements, require preferential pricing or most favored nation terms and conditions, or are otherwise
time-consuming and expensive. Compliance with these exceptional standards or satisfaction with such requirements could complicate our
efforts to obtain business or increase costs. Even if we meet these particular standards or conditions, the increased costs of providing
our solutions to government customers could harm our margins. 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance
by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Events
involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance, or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional
counterparties, or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors
about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems.
Most recently, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection
and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as a receiver. Similarly, on March 12,
2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although we assess our banking and customer relationships
as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or
capitalize our current and projected future business operations and product development could be significantly impaired by factors that
affect us, the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity
constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit, or liquidity agreements or arrangements,
disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects
for companies in the financial services industry. 

24 

Any
decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to
develop and commercialize new products and meet our operating expenses and financial obligations or fulfill our other commitments, resulting
in breaches of our contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. In addition, investor concerns
regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest
rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby
making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any of these impacts, or any other consequences resulting
from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse effects on our
liquidity and our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry and its Regulatory Context 

Our
industry is subject to rapid technological change, and we must make substantial investments in new products, services, and technologies
to compete successfully. 

New
technological innovations generally require a substantial investment before they are commercially viable. We intend to continue to make
significant investments in developing new products and technologies, and it is possible that our development efforts will not be successful
and that our new technologies will not result in meaningful revenues. Our future success will depend on our ability to quickly develop
and introduce new products, technologies, and enhancements. Our future success will also depend on our ability to keep pace with technological
developments, protect our intellectual property, satisfy customer requirements, meet customer expectations, price our products and services
competitively, and achieve market acceptance. The introduction of products embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry
standards could render our existing products and technologies and products and technologies currently under development obsolete and
unmarketable. If we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to technological developments or customer requirements or experience any
significant delays in the development, introduction, or shipment of our products and technologies in commercial quantities, demand for
our products and our customers and licensees products that use our technologies could decrease, and our competitive position
could be damaged. 

New
regulations or standards or changes in existing laws or standards in the United States or internationally related to our products may
result in unanticipated costs or liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and
future sales, and could place additional burdens on the operations of our business. 

Our
products may be subject to governmental regulations in a variety of jurisdictions. Our technology and products must comply with these
regulations and many industry standards to achieve and maintain market acceptance. In the United States, our technology and products
must comply with various FCC rules and others. We may also have to comply with similar international regulations. For example, our wireless
communication products operate through the transmission of radio signals, and radio emissions are subject to regulation in the United
States and other countries in which we intend to do business. In the United States, various federal agencies, including the Center for
Devices and Radiological Health of the Food and Drug Administration, the FCC, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and
various state agencies, have promulgated regulations that concern the use of radio/electromagnetic emissions standards. Member countries
of the European Union have enacted similar standards relating to electrical safety, electromagnetic compatibility and emissions, and
chemical substances and use standards. 

As
these regulations and standards evolve, and if new rules or standards are implemented, we may be required to modify our technology or
products or develop and support new versions. Our compliance with these regulations and standards may become more burdensome. The failure
of technology or our products to comply, or delays in compliance with the various existing and evolving industry regulations and standards,
could prevent or delay the introduction of our technology or products, harming our business. End-customer uncertainty regarding future
policies may also affect demand for communications products, including our products. Moreover, channel partners or end-customers may
require us, or we may otherwise deem it necessary or advisable, to alter our technology or products to address actual or anticipated
changes in the regulatory environment. Our inability to change our technology or products to address these requirements and any regulatory
changes may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Compliance
with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including new regulations requiring higher standards, may increase costs,
limit our ability to utilize supply chains, and force product design changes. 

Our
operations are subject to various environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations and equivalent local, state, and regulatory
agencies in each jurisdiction we operate or may operate in the future. Our products manufacturing uses substances regulated under various
federal, state, and local laws governing the environment and worker health and safety. If we, including any contract manufacturers that
we may employ, do not comply with these laws, including any new regulations, such non-compliance could reduce our products net
realizable value, resulting in an immediate charge to our income statements. Our non-compliance with such laws could also negatively
impact our operations and financial position as a result of fines and penalties that may be imposed on us and increase the cost of mandated
remediation or delays to any contract manufacturers we may utilize; thus, we may suffer a loss of revenues, be unable to sell our products
in specific markets and/or countries, be subject to penalties and enforced fees and/or suffer a competitive disadvantage. If applicable,
costs to comply with current laws and regulations and/or similar future laws and regulations could include costs associated with modifying
our products, recycling and other waste processing costs, legal and regulatory costs, and insurance costs. We cannot assure you that
the costs to comply with these new laws or current and future environmental and worker health and safety laws will not adversely affect
our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

25 

Governmental
regulations affecting the import or export of products or affecting products containing encryption capabilities could negatively affect
our revenues. 

The
United States and various foreign governments have imposed controls, export license requirements, and restrictions on importing or exporting
some technologies, especially encryption technology. Also, governmental agencies have occasionally proposed additional regulation of
encryption technology, such as requiring certification, notifications, review of source code, or the escrow and governmental recovery
of private encryption keys. For example, Russia and China recently have implemented new requirements for encryption products, and India
has imposed certain warranties and other obligations associated with critical technology. Governmental regulation of encryption or IP
networking technology and regulation of imports or exports, or our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our products,
could harm our international and domestic sales prospects and adversely affect our revenue expectations. In addition, the U.S. and other
international organizations have imposed numerous sanctions and restrictions, such as the EU, on exporting specific goods and services
to Russia due to the armed conflict with Ukraine. Failure to comply with such regulations could result in penalties, costs, and restrictions
on import or export privileges or adversely affect sales to government agencies or government-funded projects. 

If
wireless devices pose safety risks, we may be subject to new regulations, and demand for our products, licensees, and customers may decrease. 

In
recent years, the FCC and foreign regulatory agencies have updated the guidelines and methods for evaluating radiofrequency emissions
from radio equipment, including wireless phones and other wireless devices. Even if unfounded, concerns over the effects of radiofrequency
emissions may discourage the use of wireless devices, decreasing demand for our products and those of our licensees and customers. Interest
groups have also requested that the FCC investigate claims that wireless communication technologies pose health concerns and cause interference
with airbags, hearing aids, and medical devices. Concerns have also been expressed over the possibility of safety risks due to a lack
of attention associated with wireless devices while driving. Any legislation adopted in response to these expressions of concern could
reduce demand for our products and those of our licensees and customers in the United States and foreign countries. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
stock price may be volatile, and you may not be able to resell shares of our Common Stock at or above the price you paid. 

Our
Common Stock trading price could be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, including factors
beyond our control. These factors include those discussed in the other Risk Factors section of this Report on Form 10-K. 

Also,
the stock markets in general and the markets for telecommunication stocks have experienced volatility. These broad market fluctuations
may adversely affect the trading price or liquidity of our Common Stock. In the past, when the market price has been volatile, holders
of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the issuer. If any of our stockholders were to bring
such a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the case, and our management s attention would be diverted
from the operation of our business, which could seriously harm our financial position. Any adverse determination in litigation could
also subject us to significant liabilities. 

If
we cannot regain or maintain compliance with Nasdaq s applicable continued listing requirements or standards, Nasdaq could delist
our Common Stock. 

We currently list our Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. To maintain such a listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other
continued listing requirements and standards, including director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders 
equity, minimum share price, and specific corporate governance requirements. According to Nasdaq Rule 5550(a)(2), we must maintain a minimum
bid price for our common stock, par value of 0.00001 per share Common Stock ), of at least 1.00
per share (the Bid Price Rule ). If our Common Stock stayed consistently traded below 1.00 per
share, our common stock would be at risk of delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market. As previously reported, on May 20, 2022, we received
notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company of its noncompliance with Bid Price Rule by failing to maintain
a minimum bid price for its common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market of at least 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. The
Company received a grace period of 180 days, or until November 16, 2022, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

On November 10, 2022, the Company submitted a request to Nasdaq for an additional 180-day grace period to regain compliance with the minimum
bid price requirement. On November 17, 2022, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq advising that the Company had been granted an additional
180-day grace period extension until May 15, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement and all other applicable
requirements for initial listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market except for the minimum bid price requirement. On January 11, 2023, the Company
held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting whereby stockholders approved a
proposal to authorize the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), in its discretion but
before the one-year anniversary of the date of the Special Meeting, to implement an amendment to the Company s certificate
of incorporation to effect a reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of all of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, of the Company, at a ratio in the range of 1-for-2 to 1-for-50. The Company intends to monitor the closing bid
price of its Common Stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule, including
initiating the Reverse Stock Split. 

26 

There can be no assurance that a Reverse Stock Split will result in a sustained increase in the per share market price for the Common
Stock for the minimum period necessary to permit the Company to timely regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. There can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule or otherwise comply with other Nasdaq Listing Rules during
or following the 180-day extension period ending May 15, 2023. If the Company does not regain compliance within the allotted compliance
period, Nasdaq will provide notice that the Common Stock will be subject to delisting. The Company would then be entitled to appeal that
determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. 

If the Company timely appeals, the Common Stock will continue to be listed and traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VISL, 
subject to the Company s compliance with the other continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market during
the pendency of the appeals process. 

Any
Nasdaq action relating to a delisting could have a negative effect on the price of our Common Stock, impair the ability to sell or purchase
our common Stock when persons wish to do so, and any such delisting action may materially adversely affect our ability to raise capital
or pursue strategic restructuring, refinancing or other transactions on acceptable terms, or at all. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital
Market could also have other negative results, including the potential loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development
opportunities. 

If
our Common Stock is delisted from Nasdaq, U.S. broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in shares of our Common
Stock because they may be considered penny stocks and thus be subject to the penny stock rules. 

The
SEC has adopted several rules to regulate penny stock that restrict transactions involving stock deemed penny stock. Such
rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. These rules may have the
effect of reducing the liquidity of penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than
 5.00 per share (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on Nasdaq if the exchange or system
provides current price and volume information concerning transactions in such securities). Our shares of Common Stock have in the past
constituted, and may again in the future constitute, penny stock within the meaning of the rules. The additional sales
practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers may discourage them from effecting transactions in shares of our
Common Stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of such shares of Common Stock and impede their sale in the secondary market. 

A
U.S. broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor (generally,
an individual with a net worth above 1,000,000 or an annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 together with their spouse) must make
a unique suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction before
a sale unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. Also, the penny stock regulations require the U.S.
broker-dealer to deliver, before any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared under SEC standards
relating to the penny stock market unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. A U.S. broker-dealer
must also disclose commissions payable to the U.S. broker-dealer, the registered representative, and current quotations for the securities.
Finally, a U.S. broker-dealer must submit monthly statements disclosing recent price information concerning the penny stock 
held in a customer s account and information for the limited market in penny stocks. 

According
to the SEC, stockholders should know that the penny stocks market has suffered from fraud and abuse patterns in recent
years. Such practices include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the
promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases;
(iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons;
(iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same
securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to the desired level, resulting in investor losses. Our
management is aware of the abuses historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to dictate the market s behavior
or broker-dealers who participate, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns
from being established concerning our securities. 

27 

General
Risk Factors 

We
may fail to meet publicly announced financial guidance or other expectations about our business, which would cause our Common Stock to
decline in value. 

We
provide preliminary financial results or forward-looking financial guidance to our investors from time to time. Such statements are based
on our current views, expectations, and assumptions, and they involve unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results,
performance, achievements, or share prices to materially differ from future performance, achievements, or share prices expressed or implied
by such statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, changes to the assumptions used to forecast or calculate such
guidance or expectations or the occurrence of risks related to our performance and business, including those discussed in these risk
factors. Failure to meet financial guidance or expectations regarding our future performance could harm our reputation and cause our
stock price to decline. 

The
requirements of being a U.S. public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention. 

As
a U.S. public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the listing requirements
of Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual
and current reports concerning our business and operating results. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal
and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, or costly, and increase demand for our systems and
resources. 

As
a result of the disclosure of information filing, our business and financial condition is more visible, which we believe may result in
threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating
results could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time
and resources necessary to fix them, could divert resources from our management and harm our business and operating results. 

SEC
regulations limit the funds we can raise during 12 months under our shelf registration statement on Form S-3. 

As
of March 16, 2023, our public float was approximately 18.8 million, based on 47,619,317 shares of outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates
and at 0.39 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 16, 2023. SEC
regulations limit the amount companies with a public float of less than 75 million may raise during 12 months under a shelf registration
statement on Form S-3. We are subject to General Instruction I.B.6, Form S-3, or the Baby Shelf Rule. As of the filing of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, we are subject to the Baby Shelf Rule. Under the Baby Shelf Rule, the amount of funds we can raise through primary
public securities offerings in any 12 months using a registration statement on Form S-3 is limited to one-third of the aggregate market
value of the shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates of the Company. Therefore, we will be limited in the proceeds we can raise
by selling shares of our common stock using our Form S-3 until our public float exceeds 75 million. Before our public float exceeds
 75 million, if our public float decreases, the number of securities we may sell under our Form S-3 shelf registration statement will
also decrease. Even if sufficient funding is available, there can be no assurance that it will be available on terms acceptable to our
stockholders or us. Furthermore, if we are required or choose to file a new registration statement on a form other than Form S-3, we
may incur additional costs and be subject to delays due to review by the SEC staff. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they
change their recommendations regarding our Common Stock adversely, our share price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our shares of Common Stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may
publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If any analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding
our Common Stock adversely or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our share price would likely decline.
If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of our Company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility
in the financial markets, which could cause our Common Stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Future
impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the results of operations. 

We
must test our finite-lived intangible assets for impairment if events occur or circumstances change that would indicate that the remaining
net book value of the intangible assets might not be recoverable. These events or circumstances could include a significant change in
the business climate, including a significant, sustained decline in an entity s market value, legal factors, operating performance
indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a considerable portion of our business, potential government actions, and other factors.
If our finite-lived intangible assets fair value is less than their book value in the future, we could be required to record impairment
charges. The amount of any future impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our reported financial
results for the period in which the charge is taken. 

28 

If
our estimates relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions or judgments that change or prove incorrect, our
operating results could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 

Preparing
financial statements conforming with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires our management to make estimates, assumptions,
and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue, and expenses that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Our operating results may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those
in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of financial analysts and investors, resulting
in a decline in our stock price. Management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates and assumptions include reserves and write-downs
related to receivables and inventories, the recoverability of long-lived assets, the valuation allowance relating to the Company s
deferred tax assets, valuation of equity and derivative instruments, and debt discounts, and the valuation of the assets and liabilities
acquired by us. 

Future
sales and issuances of our Common Stock or rights to purchase our Common Stock, stock incentive plans, and upon the exercise of outstanding
securities exercisable for shares of our Common Stock could result in substantial additional dilution of our stockholders, cause our
stock price to fall and adversely affect our ability to raise capital. 

We
will require additional capital to continue to execute our business plan and advance our research and development efforts. If we raise
additional capital by issuing additional equity securities and exercising outstanding warrants, our stockholders may experience substantial
dilution. We may sell shares of preferred stock or Common Stock in one or more transactions at prices that may be at a discount to the
then-current market value of our Common Stock and on such other terms and conditions as we determine from time to time. Any such transaction
could result in substantial dilution of our existing stockholders. If we sell shares of our Common Stock in more than one transaction,
stockholders who purchase our Common Stock may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales could also cause a drop in the market
price of our Common Stock. The issuance of shares of our Common Stock in connection with public or private financing, in connection with
our compensation programs, and upon exercise of outstanding warrants will have a dilutive impact on our other stockholders, and the issuance,
or even potential issuance, of such shares, could hurt the market price of our Common Stock. 

The
exercise of stock options, warrants, and other securities could cause our stockholders to experience substantial dilution. In addition
to warrants issued in 2018, 2019, and 2020, in February 2021, we issued warrants to purchase up to 9,090,910 shares of our common stock.
Moreover, holders of our stock options and warrants are likely to exercise them, if ever, when we otherwise could obtain a price for
the sale of our securities that is higher than the exercise price per security of the options or warrants. Such exercises, or the possibility
of such exercises, may impede our efforts to obtain additional financing by selling additional securities or making such financing more
costly. It may also reduce the price of our Common Stock. 

Risks
Relating to Acquisitions 

Our
acquisition strategy involves several risks. 

As
we engage in the acquisition discussion with other companies anticipating potential acquisition opportunities, including those that would
be material or could involve businesses with operating characteristics that differ from our existing business operations, it may become
available shortly. We intend to pursue them actively if appropriate acquisition opportunities are available. Acquisitions involve several
unique risks, including: 

Failure
 of the acquired business to achieve expected results, as well as the potential impairment of the acquired assets if operating results
 decline after acquisition; 

diversion
 of management s attention; 

additional
 financing, if necessary and available, which could increase leverage and costs, dilute equity, or both; 

the
 potential adverse effect on our financial statements from the increase in goodwill and other intangibles; 

difficulties
 in integrating the operations, systems, technologies, products, and personnel of acquired companies; 

initial
 dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners; 

the
 potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors, and other business partners of the companies we acquire after
 the acquisition; 

the
 high cost and expenses of identifying, negotiating, and completing acquisitions; 

the
 integration of acquisitions requires significant time and resources; and 

risks
 associated with unanticipated events or liabilities. 

29 

These
risks could adversely affect our business, the results of operations, and our financial condition. Furthermore, the inability to effectively
manage the integration of acquisitions could reduce our focus on subsequent acquisitions and current operations, which, in turn, could
negatively impact our earnings and growth. 

We
have faced intense competition for acquisition candidates and expect to continue to meet them, limiting our ability to make acquisitions
and leading to higher acquisition prices. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify, acquire or manage other businesses profitably
or successfully integrate any acquired businesses into our existing business without substantial costs, delays, or other operational
or financial difficulties. In future acquisitions, we could incur additional indebtedness or pay consideration above fair value, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Any
impairment of goodwill, other intangible assets, or long-lived assets could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our
goodwill, other intangible assets, and long-lived assets are subject to an impairment test annually and tested whenever events and circumstances
indicate that goodwill, intangible assets, and/or long-lived assets may be impaired. Any excess goodwill resulting from the impairment
test is written off in the determination period. Intangible assets (other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets) and other
long-lived assets are generally amortized or depreciated over the useful life of such assets. From time to time, we may acquire or invest
in a business that will require us to record goodwill based on the purchase price and the value of the acquired tangible and intangible
assets. We may subsequently experience unforeseen issues with the businesses we acquire, which may adversely affect the company s
anticipated returns or value of the intangible assets and trigger an evaluation of the recoverability of the recorded goodwill and intangible
assets. Future determinations of significant write-offs of goodwill, intangible assets, or other long-lived assets due to an impairment
test or any accelerated amortization or depreciation of other intangible or long-lived assets could have a material adverse impact on
our results of operations and financial condition. 

30 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Mount
Olive, NJ 

On
November 1, 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement with a non-affiliated third party (the Landlord to rent
approximately 7,979 square feet of commercial space for general business offices, light manufacturing, operating of a testing
laboratory, assembly, and inventory storage in Mount Olive, NJ. The lease commencement date was November 1, 2021, and the expiration
date is January 31, 2027. The initial monthly obligation is 10,869, with annual rent increases of 3.0 until the lease expires. The
Company relocated its corporate facilities from Hackettstown, NJ, in connection to Mount Olive, NJ, with the lease commencement date
of March 1, 2022. 

Lutton,
UK 

On
April 28, 2022, the Company entered a one-year lease for 600 square feet of administrative office space in Lutton, UK, commencing on
May 3, 2022, and terminating on May 31, 2023, for 1,320 monthly or approximately 1,800 per month 

Dubai,
UAE 

On
June 9, 2022, the Company renewed its lease for 976 square feet of administrative office space commencing on July 3, 2022, and terminating
on July 2, 2023, in Dubai Studio City, UAE, for approximately 1,632 monthly. 

Billerica,
MA 

On
January 20, 2020, the Company terminated its former lease agreement. On January 24, 2020, the Company negotiated a new lease agreement
with the landlord at our Billerica location, decreasing the required square footage to 8,204 from 39,327 square feet or approximately
79 . The new lease agreement s effective date is March 24, 2020, expiring December 31, 2026. The total annual rent under this lease
is approximately 95,000. During the third quarter of the fiscal year 2022, management vacated the Billerica property. Under ASC 360,
leased space abandonment is an impairment indicator, and the Company assessed the lease ROU assets for impairment, and we recognized
a loss on impairment of right-of-use assets of approximately 88,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Singapore 

On
July 3, 2020, the Company negotiated a new lease agreement with the landlord, maintaining 950 square feet of administrative office space. The new lease agreement s
effective date is August 10, 2020, expiring on August 9, 2023. The total annual rent under this lease is approximately 30,500. 

Hemel,
United Kingdom 

Under the original lease agreement dated April 28, 2017, a break clause signifying a break
date of October 28, 2020, sighted the following: the Company may terminate this lease on the break
date by giving the landlord such notice within six months of the break date. 
At the lease s commencement, it was not reasonably sure if the Company would exercise its right by the break clause s
date. These measures upheld the determination of the lease s noncancellable period for adopting ASC 842 on January
1, 2019. The lease term of 22 months as of January 1, 2019, helped calculate the remaining lease payments net present
value assigned to the right-of-use asset and operating lease liability upon the adoption date. Neither party exercised their unilateral
termination rights by the break date, triggering a lease extension. Both parties 
inaction creates new enforceable rights and obligations in the extended period, such that ending the lease agreement terminates on October
27, 2023. The total annual rent under this lease is approximately 175,000, covering 12,870 square feet of manufacturing and administrative
office space. 

Colchester,
UK 

On
February 2, 2017, the original lease agreement was for 16,000 square feet, with the initial lease commencing on March 25, 2007, and expiring
on March 24, 2025. The total annual rent under this lease is approximately 275,000, covering 16,000 square feet of manufacturing and administrative office space. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

The nature of our business and activities are such that we may faces frequent claims and litigation, including securities litigation,
claims regarding patent and other intellectual property rights, and other liability claims. As a result, we may be involved in various
legal proceedings from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation, nor are we aware of any pending or threatened
litigation against us that we believe, if adversely determined against us, would materially affect our business, operating results, financial
condition, or cash flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

31 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VISL. 

Holders

As
of March 16, 2023, 47,619,317 shares of common stock were outstanding, together with approximately 30 shareholders of record. 

The
Company s transfer agent and registrar are Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 17 Battery Place, 8 th Floor,
New York, New York 10004. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Reference
is made to Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans for the information required by this item. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Item
6. Reserved 

Not
applicable. 

32 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical
financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements based on current plans, expectations, and beliefs
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
due to various factors, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and those other factors discussed in the Risk Factors 
section and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our fiscal year-end is December 31. 

Overview

Vislink,
incorporated in Delaware in 2006, is a global technology business specializing in collecting, delivering, and managing high-quality,
live video and associated data from the action scene to the viewing screen. Vislink provides solutions for collecting live news, sports,
entertainment, and news events for the broadcast markets. Vislink also furnishes the surveillance and defense markets with real-time video
intelligence solutions using various tailored transmission products. The Vislink team also provides professional and technical services
utilizing a staff of technology experts with decades of applied knowledge and real-world experience in the terrestrial microwave, satellite,
fiber optic, surveillance, and wireless communications systems delivering a broad spectrum of customer solutions. 

Live
Broadcast: 

Vislink
delivers an extensive portfolio of solutions for live news, sports, and entertainment industries. These solutions include video collection,
transmission, management, and distribution via microwave, satellite, cellular, I.P. (Internet Protocol), MESH, and bonded cellular/5G
networks. We also provide solutions utilizing A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) technologies to provide automated news and sporting events
coverage. With over 50 years in operation, Vislink has the expertise and technology portfolio to deliver fully integrated, seamless,
end-to-end solutions. 

Industry-wide
contributors acknowledge Vislink s live broadcast solutions. The transmission of most of all outside wireless broadcast video content
uses our equipment, with over 200,000 systems installed worldwide. We work closely with the majority of the world s broadcasters.
Vislink wireless cameras and ultra-compact encoders help bring many of the world s most prestigious sporting and entertainment
events to life. Recent examples include globally watched international sporting contests, award shows, racing events, and annual music
and cultural events. 

Military
And Government: 

Vislink
has developed high-quality solutions to meet surveillance and defense markets operational and industry challenges based on our
knowledge of live video delivery. Vislink solutions are specifically designed with interagency cooperation, utilizing the internationally-recognized
I.P. platform and a web interface for video delivery. Vislink provides comprehensive video, audio, and data communications solutions
to law enforcement and the public safety community, including Airborne, Unmanned Systems, Maritime, and Tactical Mobile Command Posts.
These solutions may include: 

integrated
 suites of airborne downlink transmitters, receivers, and antenna systems 
 
 data
 and video connectivity for airborne, marine, and ground assets 
 
 UAV
 video distribution 
 
 flexible
 support for COFDM and bonded cellular/5G Networks 
 
 terrestrial
 point-to-point 
 
 tactical
 mobile command 
 
 IP-based,
 high-end encryption, full-duplex, real-time connectivity at extended operating ranges 
 
 high-throughput
 air/marine/ground-to-anywhere uplink and downlink systems 
 
 secure
 live streaming platforms for use in mobile and fixed assets 
 
 personal
 portable products 

Vislink
public safety and surveillance solutions are deployed worldwide, including throughout the U.S., Europe, and the Middle East, at the local,
regional, and federal levels of operation, criminal investigation, crisis management, mobile command posts, and field operations. These
solutions are designed to meet the demands of field operations, command centers, and central receiving sites. Short-range and long-range
solutions are available in areas including established infrastructure and exceptionally remote regions, making valuable video intelligence
available regardless of location. 

Satellite
Communications : 

Over
30 years of technical expertise support Vislink s satellite solutions. These solutions ensure robust, secure communications while
delivering low transmission costs for any organization that needs high-quality, reliable satellite transmission. We offer turnkey solutions
that begin with state-of-the-art coding, compression, and engine modulation and end with our robust, lightweight antenna systems. Vislink
Satellite solutions focus heavily on being the smallest, lightest, and most efficient in their categories, making transportation and
ease of use a key driver in the customer experience. Vislink offers an extensive range of satellite designs that allow customers to optimize
bit rate, size, weight, and total cost. Our satellite systems are used extensively globally, with over 2,000 systems deployed by governments,
militaries, and broadcasters. While we continue offering satellite solutions, we no longer invest in the engineering and product development necessary to stay relevant
in the sector. We will continue to market and sell our current solutions but do not anticipate introducing further upgrades or features
to our satellite product line. 

33 

Connected
Edge Solutions: 

Vislink
offers the hardware and software solutions needed to acquire, produce, contribute, and deliver video over all private and public networks
with the Mobile Viewpoint acquisition. Connected edge solutions aid the video transport concept of ubiquitous IP networks and cloud-scale
computing across 5G, WiFi6, Mesh, and COFDM-enabled networks. These solutions include: 

Live
 video encoding, stream adaptation, decoding, and production solutions 

Remote
 production workflows 

Wireless
 cameras 

AI-driven
 automated production 

Ability
 to contribute video over: 

Bonded cellular (3G and 4G) 

Satellite 

Fiber 

Emerging networks, including 5G and Starlink 

COVID-19
Update 

The
Company closely monitors the continued impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on all aspects of our business and geographies, including
how it will impact business partners. The Company continues to experience supply chain shortages and delays in obtaining specific inventory
items. The Company s operations team is mitigating the risk by increasing inventory levels in its purchase management of these
components. The execution of this policy has improved our ability to ship products. It is unclear how such restrictions will contribute
to a general slowdown in the global economy, and it is difficult to isolate the impact of the pandemic on our business, the results of
operations, our financial condition, and our future strategic plans. Further, while many companies have survived the past year, and some
have thrived, as the pandemic endures, we cannot predict how the global economy will respond to the return to normalcy or whether it
will continue to sustain steadily. 

In
addition, the Company is uncertain of the total effect the pandemic will have on it in the long term since the scope and duration of
the pandemic is unknown. The protocol followed in distributing effective vaccines worldwide, and the extent of any resurgences of the
virus or emergence of new variants, such as the Delta, Omicron, and others, will impact the stability of economic recovery and growth.
The extent to which the operations of the Company, and the operations of its customers and supply chain, may be adversely impacted by
the COVID-19 pandemic will depend mainly on these future developments. The Company may experience long-term disruptions to its operations
resulting from government policy or guidance; quarantines of employees, customers, and suppliers in areas affected by the pandemic; and
closures of businesses or manufacturing facilities critical to its business or supply chains. The Company is actively monitoring and
will continue monitoring the pandemic and its potential impact on its operations, financial condition, liquidity, suppliers, industry,
and workforce. 

For
further discussion of the challenges and risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic, please refer to Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
face various challenges and risks that we will need to address and manage as we pursue our strategies, including our ability to develop
and deliver high-quality live video products and video transmission solutions. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our commercialization efforts and research and development activities, we cannot
predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, if ever, we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we
can increase sales of our products, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or sustain profitability, we may be
unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. 

34 

Ukraine/Russian
Conflict 

The
war increasingly affects economic and global financial markets and exacerbates ongoing economic challenges, including rising inflation
and global supply-chain disruption. The degree to which entities are or will be mainly affected depends on the nature and duration of
uncertain and unpredictable events, such as further military action, additional sanctions, and reactions to ongoing developments by global
financial markets. Because of its broader impact on these macroeconomic conditions, many companies globally may need to consider the
war s effect on specific accounting and financial reporting matters. 

The
Company does not generate revenue from Russia or Ukraine, nor do we have a physical presence, employees, or contractors in these countries.
The Russian government s invasion of Ukraine and the resultant sanctions imposed by the U.S., EU, and other governments and international
organizations designed to inflict severe consequences on the Russian economy are impacting business continuity, liquidity,
and asset values in Ukraine and Russia. It is difficult to estimate the impact of the ongoing invasion on the global economy, including
increased inflation and higher energy and transportation costs. As a result, the invasion of Ukraine could adversely impact our financial
results. Although we do not presently foresee risks that may affect our Company s liquidity, operating results, and financial reporting,
we continue to monitor developments in Ukraine to assess direct material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, or results
of operations. 

Climate
Change-Related Effects 

Climate
change is an important global issue that presents opportunities and challenges for our Company, partners, and communities. Climate change
matters for our Company are likely to be driven by changes in physical climate parameters, regulations and/or public policy, and changes
in technology and product demand. 

The
lack of empirical data surrounding the credit and other financial risks posed by climate change renders it impossible to predict how
specifically climate change may impact our financial condition and results of operations; however, the physical effects of climate change
may also directly affect us. The global business community has increased its political and social awareness surrounding the issue, and
the United States has entered into international agreements to reduce global temperatures, such as reentering the Paris Agreement. Further,
the U.S. Congress, state legislatures, and federal and state regulatory agencies continue to propose numerous initiatives to supplement
the global effort to combat climate change. 

Further,
the effects of climate change may negatively impact regional and local economic activity, which could adversely affect our customers
and the communities in which we operate. In addition, there is a growing concern from advocacy groups and the general public that the
emissions of greenhouse gases and other human activities have caused, or will cause, significant changes in weather patterns and temperatures
and the frequency and severity of natural disasters. 

While
we seek to mitigate the risks associated with climate change, we recognize inherent climate-related risks regardless of where we conduct
our businesses. Any of our locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. Climate-related events can disrupt our
business, including our customers, and cause us to experience higher attrition, losses, and additional costs to resume operations. Access
to clean water and reliable energy in the communities where we operate our Company is a priority. 

35 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth the items in the consolidated statements of operations of the financial statements included herewith for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 (in thousands). 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue, net 
 28,402 
 33,882 
 
 Cost of revenue and operating expenses 

Cost of components and personnel 
 15,204 
 15,164 
 
 Inventory valuation adjustments 
 2,930 
 843 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 18,195 
 22,039 
 
 Research and development 
 4,058 
 3,051 
 
 Impairment of right-of-use assets 
 88 

Impairment of goodwill 
 
 9,189 
 
 Amortization and depreciation 
 1,722 
 1,343 
 
 Total cost of revenue and operating expenses 
 42,197 
 51,629 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (13,795 
 (17,747 
 
 Other income (expenses) 

Changes in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 
 22 
 
 Gain on settlement of debt 
 46 
 1,362 
 
 Other income 
 32 

Interest expense, net 
 (38 
 (29 
 
 Total other income 
 40 
 1,355 

Net loss before income taxes 
 (13,755 
 (16,392 

Revenue 

The
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 28.4 million and 33.9 million, respectively, representing a decrease of
 5.5 million or 16 . The revenue drop experienced a decline geographically of 6.0 million in North America, and 2.2 million in Europe,
offset by an increase in sales of 3.0 million in the rest of the world. 

The
decrease in revenue is primarily due to: (1) a delay in the completion of several large government contracts and (2) management s
decision to reevaluate and discontinue several product lines due to their decline in performance expectations and lack of appeal to our
customer base. 

Cost
of Revenue and Operating Expenses 

Cost
of Components and Personnel 

The cost of components and personnel is 15.2 million for each year ending December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company attributes
maintaining this cost to (1) adopting a cost-savings plan in the third quarter of 2022, including a partial workforce reduction, and (2)
eliminating specific product lines. 

Inventory
Valuation Adjustments 

Inventory
valuation adjustments are tools used to determine inventory measurement at lower-of-cost-or-market or lower-of-cost and net realizable
value. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 inventory valuation adjustments amounted to 2.9 million and 0.9 million, representing
an increase of 2.0 million or 222 . The cause of the increase is twofold: (1) the identifying of items of inventory considered obsolete,
and (2) the observation of a decline in the profitability and consumer demand of specific product lines prompting the write down in the
value of certain inventory items acknowledging a shift in market trends. 

36 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses are costs incurred in operating the business daily and include salary and benefit expenses, including stock-based
compensation and payroll taxes, as well as the costs of trade shows, marketing programs, promotional materials, professional services,
facilities, general liability insurance, travel and expenses associated with being a public company. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, general and administrative expenses were 18.2 million and 22.0 million, respectively,
representing a decrease of 3.8 million or 17 . 

The
decrease is principally connected with the reduction of 2.8 million in acquisition costs, 2.3 million in stock-based compensation,
and 1.4 million in salaries and benefits. It was offset by an increase of 0.9 million in advertising, 0.5 million in legal fees, and
 0.3 million in warranty costs and consulting fees. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of salary and benefit expenses, including stock-based compensation, payroll taxes, prototypes,
facilities, and travel costs. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, research and development expenses were 4.1 million and
 3.1 million, respectively, representing an increase of 1.0 million or 32 . The increase is primarily attributable to 0.8 million in
salaries and miscellaneous research and consulting fees of 0.2 million. 

Impairment
of right-of-use assets 

The
Company recorded impairments related to the right-of-use assets operating leases for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 totaling
 0.88 million and -0- million, respectively. The increase is due to the Company abandoning its leased facility in Billerica, Massachusetts. 

Amortization
and Depreciation 

Amortization
and depreciation expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 1.7 million and 1.3 million, respectively, representing
an increase of 0.4 million or 31 . The increase is attributable to the recognition of a full year of amortization of intangible assets
created by the acquisition of MVP. 

Gain
on settlement of debt 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized a gain on the settlement of debt amounting to 0.1 million and
 1.4 million, respectively, a decrease of 1.3 million or 93 . The decline is predominantly attributable to the forgiveness in July 2021
of the U.S. government Payroll Protection Program grant procured by the Company in 2020. 

Net
Loss 

Net
losses for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 13.8 million and 16.4 million, respectively, representing a decrease of
 2.6 million or 16 . 

The
Company experienced significant decreases in costs attributable to acquisition expenditures, stock-based compensation, salaries, and
benefits, offset by the recognition of inventory impairment and a decline in revenue. 

37 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company incurred an approximate 13.8 million loss from operations and 9.2 million of cash used in operating activities for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The Company had 38.6 million in working capital, 300.1 million in accumulated deficits, and 25.6 million
cash on hand as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 6,163,198 shares of common stock for net proceeds of 12,600,000 under its at-the-market
facility with Alliance Global Partners (the ATM ). As of March 31, 2022, approximately 4,500,000 of capacity remains under
the ATM. On February 8, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering for net proceeds of 46,820,000. The Company issued
18,181,820 shares of common stock, supplemented by 9,090,910 five-year warrants with an exercise price of 3.25 per share exercisable
for one share. 

The
enduring effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the advent of successive variants, plus the uncertainty of possible future variants,
may subject the Company to particular challenges in its business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The unpredictability
of the pandemic s scope, severity, duration, and actions implemented to alleviate its direct and indirect economic effects and
containment measures provide no assurances that the pandemic will not have material adverse repercussions on the Company s operations,
liquidity, financial condition, and any residual unfavorable consequences to global economics. 

Developments,
including those beyond our control, may cause us to consume our available capital more quickly. The Company bases its evaluation on possibilities
that may prove wrong and could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. These may include but are not limited to
economic conditions, including inflation, foreign exchange, fluctuations, and the markets in which we compete or wish to enter, strategic
acquisitions, our market strategy, our research and development activities, regulatory matters, and technology and product innovations.
The Company believes it will have sufficient funds to continue its operations for at least twelve months from the filing date of these
financial statements. 

Our
operations primarily have been funded through cash generated by debt and equity financing. Cash consists of cash on hand and demand deposits.
Our cash balances were as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash 
 25,627 
 36,231 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table sets forth the major components of our consolidated statements of cash flows data for the periods presented (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (9,226 
 (9,601 
 
 Net cash used in investment activities 
 (466 
 (17,547 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 (958 
 58,312 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 46 
 (123 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (10,604 
 31,041 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities of approximately 9.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, was principally
attributable to a decrease of 3.2 million in accounts receivable, 2.1 million in prepaid expenses and other current assets, 1.8
million in accrued expenses and interest expense, offset by an increase of 3.7 million in inventory. Additionally, the Company
experienced a net loss of 13.5 million, 1.8 million in inventory impairment, 1.7 million of depreciation and amortization, and
 1.1 million in inventory valuation adjustments. 

Net
cash used in operating activities of approximately 9.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, was principally attributable
to a decrease of 1.4 million in accounts payable, a decrease of 0.5 million in operating lease liabilities, offset by an increase of
 3.6 million in accounts receivable, 3.2 million of inventory, and 0.9 million of deferred revenue and customer deposits. Additionally,
the Company experienced a net loss of 7.2 million, a 1.4 million gain on debt settlement, offset by an impairment in goodwill of 8.2
million, 3.9 million in stock-based compensation, 1.3 million in depreciation and amortization, and 0.8 million of an inventory valuation
adjustment. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash in investing activities of 0.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, was principally related to the cash used to acquire
furniture and computer equipment. Net cash used in investing activities of 17.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, was
principally related to the cash used in the acquisition of 100 of MVP s outstanding shares, cash acquired from the MVP acquisition,
offset by a decrease in capital expenditures for furniture and computer equipment. 

38 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities of 0.96 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, was principally attributable to the principal
payment of 1.0 million for the Company D O insurance policy.Net cash provided by financing activities of 58.3 million during
the year ended December 31, 2021, was principally attributable to net proceeds from equity raises and common stock warrants exercise
offset by the principal payment of 1.0 million for the Company D O insurance policy. 

Nasdaq
Compliance 

As previously
reported, on May 20, 2022, the Company received notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company of its noncompliance with Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Rule by failing to maintain a minimum bid price for its common
stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market of at least 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. The Company received a grace period
of 180 days, or until November 16, 2022, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

On November
10, 2022, the Company submitted a request to Nasdaq for an additional 180-day grace period to regain compliance with the Rule. On November
17, 2022, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq advising that the Company had been granted an additional 180-day grace period extension
until May 15, 2023, to regain compliance with the Rule and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Nasdaq Capital
Market except for the minimum bid price requirement of the Rule. 

On January
11, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting whereby stockholders
voted and approved a proposal to authorize the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ),
in its discretion but before the one-year anniversary of the date of the Special Meeting, to implement an amendment to the Company s
certificate of incorporation to effect a reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of all
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value 0.00001 per share Common Stock ), of the
Company, at a ratio in the range of 1-for-2 to 1-for-50. The Company intends to monitor the closing bid price of its common stock and
may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the Rule, including initiating a Reverse Stock Split. 

There can
be no assurance that the Reverse Stock Split will result in a sustained increase in the per share market price for the Common Stock for
the minimum period necessary to permit the Company to regain compliance with the Rule timely. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to regain compliance with the Rule or other Nasdaq Listing Rules during the 180-day extension period ending May 15, 2023.
If the Company does not regain compliance within the allotted compliance period, Nasdaq will provide notice that the common stock will
be subject to delisting. The Company would then be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel; if the Company timely
appeals, the Company s common stock will continue to be listed and traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the
symbol VISL, subject to the Company s compliance with the other continued
listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market pending the outcome of the appeal process. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
had no off-balance sheet arrangements for December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

39 

Critical
Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared under the United States generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ),
which require us to make estimates and assumptions. Critical accounting policies affect the more significant accounts, particularly judgments,
assessments, and assumptions used to prepare our consolidated financial statements. Our management has determined the development and
selection of these critical accounting policies. We have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee
of our board of directors. Due to the significant judgment involved in selecting certain assumptions used in these policies, other parties
may choose different assumptions and reach different conclusions. We consider our policies relating to the following matters to be critical
accounting policies. 

Business
Combinations 

The
Company accounts for acquisitions that qualify as business combinations by applying the acquisition method according to Accounting Standards
Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). Transaction costs related to the acquisition of
a business are expensed as incurred and excluded from the fair value of consideration transferred. The identifiable assets acquired,
liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interests in an acquired entity are recognized and measured at their estimated fair values. The
excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair values of identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and
noncontrolling interests in an acquired entity, net of the fair value of any previously held interest in the acquired entity, is recorded
as goodwill. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America or U.S. GAAP as found in the Accounting Standards Codification ASC ), the Accounting Standards
Update ASU of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and the rules and regulations of the US Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. We have eliminated all intercompany accounts and transactions upon consolidating our subsidiaries. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments, and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. These estimates
also affect the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company s
consolidated financial statements include the useful lives of property, plant, and equipment, the useful lives of right-of-use assets,
the useful lives of intangible assets, impairment of long-lived assets, allowance for accounts receivable doubtful accounts, allowance
for inventory obsolescence reserve, allowance for deferred tax assets, valuation of warranty reserves, contingent consideration liabilities,
and the accrual of potential liabilities. Actual results could differ from estimates, and any such differences may be material to our
financial statements. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

The
future impacts of the Russia-Ukraine war, the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, and their residual effects include
economic uncertainty, an inflationary environment, currency fluctuations, disruption within the global supply chain, and labor markets
worldwide industries remain uncertain. These circumstances have created prevalent uncertainty and risk. The impact of these issues on
our business will vary by geographic market and discipline. In response to potential reductions in revenue, we may take actions to align
our cost structure with changes in customer demand and manage our working capital. However, there can be no assurance as to the effectiveness
of our efforts to mitigate any impact of the current and future adverse economic conditions, reductions in client revenue, changes in
client creditworthiness, and other developments. We monitor the circumstances mentioned above to assess direct material adverse effects
on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Therefore, these impacts may change accounting estimates and assumptions
over time. Interim period results are not necessarily indicative of the expected results for the full fiscal year. 

Segment
Reporting 

The
Company identifies operating segments as components of an enterprise about which separate discrete financial information is available
for evaluation by the operating decision-makers, or decision-making group, in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance.
The Company s decision-making group is the senior executive management team. The Company and the decision-making group view the
Company s operations and manage its business as one operating segment with different product offerings. All long-lived assets of
the Company reside in the U.S., the U.K., and the Netherlands. 

40 

Critical
Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments (continued) 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

The
Company extends credit to its customers in the ordinary course of business. Further, the Company regularly reviews outstanding receivables
and provides for estimated losses through an allowance for doubtful accounts. In evaluating the level of established loss reserves, the
Company makes judgments regarding its customer s ability to make required payments, prevailing economic conditions, previous experience,
and other factors. As these factors financial situation changes, circumstances develop, or additional information becomes available,
adjustments to the allowance for doubtful accounts may be required. The Company maintains reserves for credit losses, and losses have
been within its expectations. 

Inventories 

Inventories
consist of raw materials, work-in-process, and finished goods and are recorded at the lower of cost, on a first-in, first-out basis,
or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable
completion, disposal, and transportation costs. The Company evaluates inventory balances and either writes down obsolete inventory or
records a reserve for slow-moving or excess inventory based on net realizable value analysis. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are presented at cost at the date of acquisition, less depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method
over estimated useful asset lives, ranging from 1 to 14 years. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property and equipment and repairs
and maintenance are recognized in expenses as incurred. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill
represents the excess cost of an acquired business over the fair value of the identifiable tangible, and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed in a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting under ASC 805 Business Combinations 
(see Note 4). Goodwill is not amortized but, per ASC 350, is tested for impairment annually. Goodwill is also tested for impairment between
annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below
its carrying amount. Judgment determines if an indicator of impairment has occurred during a year. When testing goodwill for impairment,
we may assess qualitative factors for some or all of our reporting units to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, a
likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. Alternatively,
we may bypass this qualitative assessment for some or all of our reporting units and perform step 1 of the two-step goodwill impairment
test. If we perform step 1 and the reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, we will perform step 2 to measure such
impairment. We have completed our annual impairment test and recorded -0- and 9,189,000 in goodwill impairment charges for the year
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Intangible
Assets 

Patents
and licenses: 

Patents
and licenses, measured initially at purchase cost, are included in intangible assets on the Company s balance sheet and are amortized
on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 18.5 to 20 years. Amortization totaled 535,000 and 668,000 for the years
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Other
intangible assets: 

The
Company s remaining intangible assets include the trade names, technology, and customer lists acquired in IMT, Vislink, and Mobile
Viewpoint Corporate B.V., a third-party appraiser, determined the value of these acquired assets for these business combinations. Absent
an indication of fair value from a potential buyer or similar specific transactions, we have determined that using the methods employed
provided a reasonable estimate in reporting the values assigned. 

The
Company amortizes intangible asset costs over their useful lives of 3 to 15 years with its net book value reported on the balance sheet.
Amortization totaled approximately 986,000 and 480,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation by transferring control of the promised goods or services to a customer
in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those services. The Company determines revenue recognition
through the five (5) steps identified in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers. 

41 

Critical
Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments (continued) 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for stock compensation with persons classified as employees for accounting purposes under ASC 718 Compensation-Stock
Compensation, which recognizes awards at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation over the service period
for awards expected to vest. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, and the fair
value of common stock issued for services is determined based on the Company s stock price on the issuance date. 

The
expansion of Topic 718 fell under ASU 2018-07 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees.
The measurement date for equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards is no longer at the earlier date at which a commitment
for performance by the counterparty is reached or the date at which the counterparty s performance is complete. Instead, the grant
date is now considered the measurement date. Under today s guidance, the measurement of nonemployee share-based payment awards
with performance conditions is at the lowest aggregate fair value, often resulting in a zero value. The new ASU aligns the accounting
for nonemployee share-based payment awards with performance conditions with accounting for employee share-based payment awards under
Topic 718 by requiring entities to consider the probability of satisfying performance conditions. Current guidance requires entities
to use the contractual term to measure the nonemployee share-based payment awards. The new ASU allows entities to make an award-by-award
election to use the expected duration (consistent with employee share-based payment awards) or the contractual term for nonemployee awards. 

Stock-Option
Awards Time-based and performance-based: 

Under
ASC Topic 718, the compensation cost is measured based on an award s fair value at the grant s date for the time vested option
award using the Black Scholes-Merton formula as a valuation technique. The Company used the U.S. Treasury note s rate over the
expected option term for the risk-free rate. Employees expected term represents the period that options granted are expected to
be outstanding using the simplified method. The Company s historical share option exercise experience does not provide a reasonable
basis for estimating the expected term. For nonemployee options, the expected term is the entire term of the option. Expected volatility
is based on the average weekly share price changes over the shorter expected term or the period from the Nasdaq Capital Markets Exchange
placement to the grant s date. The Company estimates forfeiture and volatility using historical information. The risk-free interest
rate is based on the implied yield on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues over the options equivalent lives. 

The
Company has not paid dividends on its common stock, and no assumption of dividend payment(s) is made in the model. For employee equity-classified
awards, compensation cost is recognized over the employee s requisite service period with a corresponding credit to additional
paid-in capital. The employee s requisite service period begins at the service inception date and ends when the requisite service
has been provided. 

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards RSUs Time-Based: 

Under
ASC 718, the exercise price for RSUs is determined using the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date.
For an award with graded vesting subject only to a service condition (e.g., time-based vesting), ASC 718-10-35-8 provides an accounting
policy choice between either graded vesting attribution or straight-line attribution. The Company elects the graded vesting method, recognizing
compensation expense for only the portion of awards expected to vest. Forfeitures of time-based units and awards are recognized as they
occur. Stock-based compensation costs are calculated using the closing stock price on the grant date to estimate the fair value of time-based
restricted stock units. 

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards RSUs Performance-Based: 

The
accruals of compensation cost for an award with a performance condition are related to that performance condition s probable outcome.
Under ASC 718, a performance condition is the achievement of a specified target that is defined by referring to the employer s
operations or activities, such as an option that vests if the employer s growth rate increases by a certain amount or there are
the attainments of regulatory approval for a product. There is an accrual of compensation cost upon the likely achievement of the performance
condition, and there is no accrual if the accomplishment of the performance condition is not probable. The exercise price for RSUs is
determined using the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. Stock-based compensation costs are calculated
using the closing stock price on the grant date to estimate performance-based restricted stock units fair value. 

42 

Critical
Accounting Policies, Estimates, and Judgments (continued) 

Impairment
of long-lived assets 

Management
reviews long-lived assets, including property, plant, equipment, other intangible assets with definite lives, and right-of-use operating
lease assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable.
We conduct the Company s long-lived asset impairment analyses under ASC 360-10-15, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets. ASC 360-10-15 requires the Company to group assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows
are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities and evaluate the asset group against the sum of the undiscounted
future cash flows. The contemplation of measuring an impairment charge occurs if the undiscounted cash flows do not indicate the asset s
carrying amount is recoverable, by which the asset group s carrying amount exceeds its fair value based on discounted cash flow
analysis appraisals. Under Topic 360, consideration is given to asset impairment, for intangible assets with definite lives continue
to be amortized over their estimated useful lives and are subject to impairment testing as part of their asset group if and when events
or changes in circumstances indicate. In performing the impairment tests, management utilizes considerable judgment and assumptions. 

Right-of-use
operating lease abandonment 

Management
decided to vacate the Billerica, MA facility as part of the Company s cost savings strategy implemented in the third quarter of
the fiscal year 2022. The economic environment of the location precluded the action of sub-letting, and management determined the (leased
facility) to be abandoned. Under ASC 360, leased space abandonment is an impairment indicator, and the Company assessed the lease right-of-use ROU assets for impairment. The Company considered approximately 131,000 of right-of-use operating assets impaired, and
for the years ending December 31, 2022, and 2021, we recognized a loss on impairment of right-of-use assets of approximately 88,000 and -0-. 

Common
Stock Purchase Warrants and Other Derivative Financial Instruments 

The
Company assesses the classification of its freestanding derivatives at each reporting date to determine whether a change in classification
between assets and liabilities is required. The Company classifies common stock purchase warrants and other freestanding financial instruments
as equity if the contracts (i) require physical settlement or net-share settlement in common stock or (ii) give the Company a choice
of net-cash settlement or settlement in common stock (physical settlement or net-share settlement). The Company classifies the following
contracts as either an asset or a liability: contracts that (i) require net-cash settlement (including a requirement to net cash settle
the contract if an event occurs and if that event is outside the control of the Company), (ii) give the counterparty a choice of net-cash
settlement or settlement in common stock (physical settlement or net-share settlement) or (iii) contain reset provisions. 

Commitments
and Contingencies 

Unless
otherwise disclosed in this Report, we have no material commitments or contingent liabilities. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards Adopted and Not Yet Adopted 

Adopted
on January 1, 2023 

In
June 2016, the FASB established Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
(ASU) No. 2016-13, which requires a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of
reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates, including accounts receivable. 

The
standard replaces the existing incurred credit loss model with the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL model. It is required
to measure credit losses based on the Company s estimate of expected losses rather than incurred losses, which generally results
in earlier recognition of allowances for credit losses. Under ASC 326, the Company evaluates specific criteria, including aging and historical
write-offs, the current economic condition of particular customers, and future economic conditions of countries utilizing a consumption
index to determine the appropriate allowance for credit losses. The Company completed its assessment of the new standard, and no adjustment
will be made to its opening balance of retained earnings relating to its trade receivables. The Company writes off receivables once it
is determined that the receivables are no longer collectible and as allowed by local laws. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Other
recent accounting standards issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants, and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future
consolidated 

 financial
statements. 

43 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

There
is no requirement to include the disclosures required under Item 7A as a smaller reporting company under SEC rules. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
Company s audited financial statements and notes appear in this report beginning on page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that the disclosure of required information in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
requiring disclosure in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Certifying Officers ), to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Management s
assessment of the Company s design and operation of disclosure controls is ongoing. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, our Certifying Officers have concluded
that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level, due to material
weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, as described below. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Certifying Officers, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes under generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance (a) that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements under generally accepted accounting principles, (b) that our
receipts and expenditures are being made only following authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding the prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any effectiveness evaluation in future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(c) under the Exchange Act, our Certifying Officers evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). In their assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, management concluded that such control was ineffective and that there were control deficiencies that constituted
material weaknesses because (i) we currently do not employ the appropriate number of accounting personnel to ensure (a) we maintain proper
segregation of duties, (b) conduct a tolerable risk assessment, and (ii) we have not adequately documented a complete assessment of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management
has engaged a third-party consultant to identify and document our internal control deficiencies and provide an assessment of current
controls and recommendations regarding remediation efforts to eliminate or mitigate the control deficiencies. 

Notwithstanding
the identified material weakness as of December 31, 2022, management, including the Certifying Officers, believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements contained in this Annual Report filing fairly present, in all material respect, our financial condition, results
of operations, and cash flows for the fiscal period presented in conformity with GAAP. 

c)
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our
remediation efforts specifically targeted the supervisory review of our accounting procedures. Additionally, these efforts have included
integrating the August 16, 2021, acquisition of Mobile Viewpoint Corporate B.V. MVP ). Our assessment of the effectiveness
of internal controls over financial reporting concerning MVP runs similar to the Company s conclusion above of the material weaknesses
identified in our annual report for December 31, 2022. See Note 3 of Notes to The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

44 

d)
Auditor s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. According to SEC rules, management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public
accounting firm, which permits us to provide only management s report on internal control over financial reporting in this annual
report on Form 10-K. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

45 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this Item 10 is incorporated into this Report by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy
statement related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or an amendment to this Annual Report, which we intend to file with the
SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 10 is incorporated into this Report by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy
statement related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or an amendment to this Annual Report, which we intend to file with the
SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
information required by Item 12 is incorporated into this Report by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy
statement related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or an amendment to this Annual Report, which we intend to file with the
SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this Item 13 is incorporated into this Report by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy
statement related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or an amendment to this Annual Report, which we intend to file with the
SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 is incorporated into this Report by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy
statement related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or an amendment to this Annual Report, which we intend to file with the
SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year. 

46 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements: 

The
audited consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive
loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, the footnotes
thereto, and the report of Marcum LLP, independent registered public accountants, are filed herewith. 

(2) 
 Financial
 Schedules: 

None. 

Financial
statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is included in the financial
statements or notes thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits: 

The
exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Report. 

(b) 
 The
 following are exhibits to this Report, and, if incorporated by reference, we have indicated the document previously filed with the
 SEC in which the exhibit was included. 

Certain
agreements filed as exhibits to this Report contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements made solely for the
agreement s benefit. These representations and warranties: 

may
 have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements, which
 disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements; 

may
 apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and 

were
 made only as specified dates in the agreements and subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances. 

Accordingly,
these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations and warranties
were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact. 

47 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 
 Sales
 Agreement, dated May 5, 2020, by and between Vislink Technologies, Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (1) 
 
 3.1(i) 
 
 Amended
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (2) 
 
 3.1(i)(a) 
 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Incorporation filed June 11, 2014 (3) 
 
 3.1
 (i)(b) 
 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Incorporation filed July 10, 2015 (4) 
 
 3.1(i)(c) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (5) 
 
 3.1(i)(d) 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (6) 
 
 3.1(i)(e) 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (7) 
 
 3.1(i)(f) 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (9) 
 
 3.1(i)(g) 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, dated November 9, 2022 (12) 
 
 3.1(i)(h) 
 
 Certificate
 of Elimination for Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (5) 
 
 3.1(i)(i) 
 
 Certificate
 of Elimination for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (8) 
 
 3.1(i)(j) 
 
 Certificate
 of Elimination for Series D Preferred Stock of the Company, dated November 9, 2022 (12) 
 
 3.1(i)(k) 
 
 Certificate
 of Elimination for Series E Preferred Stock of the Company, dated November 9, 2022 (12) 
 
 3.1(i)(l) 
 
 Certificate
 of Elimination for Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, dated March 24, 2023 (32) 
 
 3.1(i)(m) 
 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Incorporation filed June 10, 2016 (31) 
 
 3.1(i)(n) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February
 11, 2019 (10) 
 
 3.1(i)(o) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July
 31, 2020 (11) 
 
 3.1(ii) 
 
 Third
 Amended Restated Bylaws (13) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant (14) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Warrant Agreement by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and Form of Warrant Certificate
 for the offering closed July 24, 2013, and August 19, 2013 (15) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Warrant (16) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form
 of Vislink Promissory Note (17) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form
 of Underwriters Warrant for February 2017 Offering (18) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form
 of Warrant for August 2017 Offering (19) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form
 of 6 Senior Secured Convertible Debenture (20) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (20) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form
 of Amended and Restated 6 Senior Secured Debenture (21) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, including Form of Common Warrant and Form of Pre-Funded Warrant from July 2019 Offering (22) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 10.1 
 
 2013
 Long Term Incentive Plan (23) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment
 No.1 to 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan (24) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Forms
 of Agreement Under 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan (23) 

48 

Exhibit
 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between the Company and Carleton Miller, dated as of January 22, 2020 (25) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Notice
 of Grant of Stock Option for Time-Vested Options and Stock Option Agreement by and between the Company and Carleton Miller, dated
 as of January 22, 2020 (25) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Notice
 of Grant of Stock Option for Performance-Vested Options and Stock Option Agreement by and between the Company and Carleton Miller,
 dated as of January 22, 2020 (25) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between the Company and Michael Bond, dated as of February 27, 2020 (26) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Company and its officers and directors (26) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Non-Employee
 Director Compensation Policy (27) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form
 of Non-Employee Director Restricted Shares Agreement (27) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (28) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant (29) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

49 

In
accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are being furnished and not filed. 

Filed
 herewith 
 
 (1) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on May 5, 2020. 
 
 (2) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Form S-1 with the SEC on October 23, 2013. 
 
 (3) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on June 13, 2014. 
 
 (4) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on July 20, 2015. 
 
 (5) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 10, 2016. 
 
 (6) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 26, 2015. 
 
 (7) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on April 27, 2016 
 
 (8) 
 Filed as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 7, 2016. 
 
 (9) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 27, 2016. 
 
 (10) 
 Filed
 an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 26, 2019. 
 
 (11) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on August 5, 2020. 
 
 (12) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on November 9, 2022. 
 
 (13) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on August 20, 2021. 
 
 (14) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Form S-1/A with the SEC on May 21, 2013. 
 
 (15) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report to Form 8-K with the SEC on August 19, 2013. 
 
 (16) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on May 13, 2016. 
 
 (17) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 6, 2017. 
 
 (18) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on February 10, 2017. 
 
 (19) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on August 16, 2017. 
 
 (20) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on May 29, 2018. 
 
 (21) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on October 11, 2018. 
 
 (22) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on July 16, 2019. 
 
 (23) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Form S-1 with the SEC on March 7, 2013. 
 
 (24) 
 Filed as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on January 7, 2021. 
 
 (25) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K/A with the SEC on January 24, 2020. 
 
 (26) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC on April 1, 2020. 
 
 (27) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the SEC on November 12, 2020. 
 
 (28) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC on March 6, 2014. 
 
 (29) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Form S-1/A with the SEC on October 30, 2019. 
 
 (30) 
 Filed as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on March 26, 2023. 
 
 (31) 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit on Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on June 20, 2016. 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VISLINK
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Carleton Miller 

Carleton
 Miller 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Duly
 Authorized Officer and Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael C. Bond 

Michael
 C. Bond 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Duly
 Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Carleton Miller 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Carleton
 Miller 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Michael C. Bond 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Michael
 C. Bond 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Susan Swenson 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Susan
 Swenson 

/s/
 Jude T. Panetta 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jude
 T. Panetta 

/s/
 James T. Conway 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 James
 T. Conway 

/s/
 Ralph Faison 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Ralph
 Faison 

/s/
 Brian K. Krolicki 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Brian
 K. Krolicki 

51 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 December
31, 2022, and 2021 

Page 
 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Vislink
Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vislink Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021 , the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, change in stockholders equity and
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

Marcum
 LLP 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2015 

March
 31, 2023 

F- 2 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA) 

2022 
 2021 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Right of use assets, operating leases 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Notes payable 

Operating lease obligations, current 

Customer deposits and deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease obligations, net of current portion 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 1) 
 - 
 - 

Series A Preferred stock, par value per share: and - - shares authorized on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively; and - - shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively at a redemption value equal to in cash for each ten thousand whole shares. 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value per share: shares authorized on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively: 

Common stock, and were issued, and and were outstanding on December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Common stock value 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Treasury stock, at cost shares as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT NET LOSS PER SHARE DATA) 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue, net 

Cost of revenue and operating expenses 

Cost of components and personnel 

Inventory valuation adjustments 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development 

Impairment of right-of-use assets 

Impairment of goodwill 

Amortization and depreciation 

Total cost of revenue and operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Changes in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Gain on settlement of debt 

Other income 

Interest expense, net 

Total other income 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Deferred tax benefits 

Net loss 

Dividends 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Net loss per share attributable to Common Shareholders: 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding: 

Basic and Diluted 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Unrealized gain (loss) on currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (IN
THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income (Loss) 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Series A
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income (Loss) 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Unrealized gain on currency translation adjustment 

Issuance of common stock in connection with: 

Underwriting equity raises, net of offering costs 

Exercise of common stock warrants 

Exercise of cashless common stock warrants 

Stock issuance commitments 

Warrants issued in settlement agreement 

Stock-based compensation 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Net loss 

Unrealized gain on currency translation adjustment 

Issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock as dividends for common stock shareholders 

Issuance of common stock in connection with: 

Satisfaction of accounts payable vendor balance 

Satisfaction of withholding tax upon conversion of restricted stock units 

Satisfaction with the conversion of restricted stock units 

Stock-based compensation 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (IN
THOUSANDS) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Gain on settlement of debt 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock issuance commitments 

Warrants issued in settlement agreement 

Provision for bad debt 

Recovery of bad debt 

Inventory valuation adjustments 

Amortization of right-of-use assets, operating assets 

Impairment of right-of-use assets 

Impairment of goodwill 

Depreciation and amortization 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Deferred tax benefits 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and interest expense 

Operating lease liabilities 

Deferred revenue and customer deposits 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows used in investing activities 

Cash acquired from MVP for acquisition 

Cash used in MVP stock acquisition 

Cash used for property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities 

Proceeds received from equity financings 

Costs incurred in connection with equity financing 

Proceeds from the exercise of common stock warrants 

Principal payments made on D O notes payable 

Net cash (used) provided in financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 

 (IN
THOUSANDS) 

Years Ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash payments: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash information: 

Notes payable recognized on D O Insurance policy (Note 11) 

Issuance of shares of Series A Preferred Stock as dividends for common stock shareholders 

Common stock issued in connection with: 

Board compensation awards previously accrued 

Settlement of amounts due accounts payable 

Warrants issued in settlement agreement 

ROU assets and operating lease obligations recognized (Note 12): 

Operating lease assets recognized 

Less: non-cash changes to operating lease assets amortization 

amortization 

impairments 

loss on lease impairments 

ROU
 assets and operating lease obligations recognized 

Operating lease liabilities recognized 

Less: non-cash changes to operating lease liabilities accretion 

() 

() 

Operating
 lease liabilities recognized 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS (continued) 

Connected
Edge Solutions: 

Vislink
offers the hardware and software solutions needed to acquire, produce, contribute, and deliver video over all private and public networks
with the Mobile Viewpoint acquisition. Connected edge solutions aid the video transport concept of ubiquitous IP networks and cloud-scale
computing across 5G, WiFi6, Mesh, and COFDM-enabled networks. These solutions include: 

Live
 video encoding, stream adaptation, decoding, and production solutions 

Remote
 production workflows 

Wireless
 cameras 

AI-driven
 automated production 

Ability
 to contribute video over: 

Bonded cellular (3G and 4G) 

Satellite 

Fiber 

Emerging networks, including 5G and Starlink 

million loss from operations and million of cash used in operating activities for the year
ended December 31, 2022. The Company had million in working capital, million in accumulated deficits, and million
cash on hand as of December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock for net proceeds of under its at-the-market
facility with Alliance Global Partners (the ATM ). As of March 16, 2023, approximately of capacity remains under
the ATM. On February 8, 2021, the Company completed an underwritten public offering for net proceeds of . The Company issued
 shares of common stock, supplemented by five -year warrants with an exercise price of per share exercisable
for one share. 

The
enduring effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the advent of successive variants, plus the uncertainty of possible future variants,
may subject the Company to particular challenges in its business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The unpredictability
of the pandemic s scope, severity, duration, and actions implemented to alleviate its direct and indirect economic effects and
containment measures provide no assurances that the pandemic will not have material adverse repercussions on the Company s operations,
liquidity, financial condition, and any residual unfavorable consequences to global economics. 

Developments,
including those beyond our control, may cause us to consume our available capital more quickly. The Company bases its evaluation on possibilities
that may prove wrong and could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. These may include but are not limited to
economic conditions, including inflation, foreign exchange, fluctuations, and the markets in which we compete or wish to enter, strategic
acquisitions, our market strategy, our research and development activities, regulatory matters, and technology and product innovations.
The Company believes it will have sufficient funds to continue its operations for at least twelve months from the filing date of these
financial statements. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

. The Company
maintains cash balance accounts at financial institutions in the United Kingdom insured by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme
up to , subject to currency translation rates to the United States dollar. Lastly, the Company maintains cash balance accounts
at financial institutions in the Netherlands insured by the Dutch deposit guarantee scheme up to per person,
per bank. 

On
December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had approximately million and million above insured limits, respectively. The Company
has not experienced any losses in its bank accounts between December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Management
assesses their credit quality for customers, considering their financial position and historical experience. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded sales to a single customer of ), in excess of 10 of the Company s total sales. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded sales to a single customer of in excess of 10 of the Company s
total sales. 

On
December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded accounts receivable of approximately and ),
respectively, to a single customer in excess of 10 of the Company s total consolidated accounts receivable. 

to years. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property and equipment and repairs
and maintenance are recognized in expenses as incurred. 

in goodwill impairment charges for the years
ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

to years. Amortization totaled approximately and 
for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Other
intangible assets: 

The
Company s remaining intangible assets include the trade names, technology, and customer lists acquired in its acquisition of IMT,
Vislink, and Mobile Viewpoint Corporate B.V. MVP ). A third-party appraiser determined the value of these acquired assets
for these business combinations. Absent an indication of fair value from a potential buyer or similar specific transactions, we have
determined that using the methods employed provided a reasonable estimate in reporting the values assigned. 

The
Company amortizes intangible asset costs over their useful lives of to years with its net book value reported on the balance sheet.
Amortization totaled approximately and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Warranty reserve expense 

Warranty claims settled, and true-up of accrual 

December 31, 2021 

Warranty reserve expense 

Warranty claims settled, and true-up of accrual 

December 31, 2022 

and , respectively. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Stock-Based
Compensation (continued 

Restricted
Stock Unit Awards RSUs Performance-Based : 

The
accruals of compensation cost for an award with a performance condition are related to that performance condition s probable outcome.
Under ASC 718, a performance condition is the achievement of a specified target that is defined by referring to the employer s
operations or activities, such as an option that vests if the employer s growth rate increases by a certain amount or there are
the attainments of regulatory approval for a product. There is an accrual of compensation cost upon the likely achievement of the performance
condition, and there is no accrual if the accomplishment of the performance condition is not probable. The exercise price for RSUs is
determined using the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. Stock-based compensation costs are calculated
using the closing stock price on the grant date to estimate performance-based restricted stock units fair value. 

of right-of-use operating assets impaired, less of accumulated amortization, and for the years ending December 31, 2022, and
2021, the Company recognized a loss on impairment of ROU assets of approximately 
and - -,
respectively. 

and for the years ended
December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company includes advertising costs in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Warrants 

Total 

Net foreign exchange transactions: Losses 

Accumulated comprehensive income: 

Unrealized (gains) losses on currency translation adjustment 

Accumulated comprehensive income: Unrealized losses on
 currency translation adjustment 

The
exchange rates adopted for the foreign exchange transactions are quoted on OANDA, a Canadian-based foreign exchange company, and an internet
website providing currency conversion, online retail foreign exchange trading, foreign currency transfers, and forex information. The
Company translated amounts from British Pounds into United States Dollars and Euros to British Pounds at the following exchange rates
for the respective periods: 

As
 of December 31, 2022 to ; to 

The
 average exchange rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 to ; to 

As
 of December 31, 2021 to ; to 

The
 average exchange rate for the year ended December 31, 2021 to ; to 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Liabilities: 

Other 

The
Company did not have reportable assets and liabilities under ASC Topic 820 disclosure requirements for the year ended December 31, 2021.
See Note 13 for additional disclosure regarding the Company s warrants liabilities accounted for at fair value. 

per share. The Preferred Stock was redeemable upon the holder participating
at any meeting of stockholders held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split immediately before the opening of the polls at such meeting (the
 Initial Redemption Time shall automatically be redeemed by the Corporation at the Initial Redemption Time without further
action on the part of the Corporation or the holder thereof (the Initial Redemption ). Any outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock that were not redeemed under an Initial Redemption were redeemed in whole, but not in part (i) if such redemption was
ordered by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, automatically and effective on such time and date specified by the Board of
Directors in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the approval by the Corporation s stockholders of the Reverse Stock
Split at the Special Meeting held for voting on the Reverse Stock Split proposal. 

Under
the guidance of ASC Topic 480, all Series A Preferred Stock shares have been presented outside of permanent equity in the mezzanine equity
section on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

of the outstanding capital of MVP for an aggregate
purchase price of (or approximately million based on a USD to EUR exchange rate of as of August 13, 2021)
plus the assumption and payment of of intercompany indebtedness, all paid by the Company in cash, subject to certain routine
closing adjustments in respect of working capital and net indebtedness The Transaction ). The Transaction was closed on
August 16, 2021. 

The
Company accounts for the acquisition under the acquisition method under ASC 805 Business Combinations, and we elected not
to apply pushdown accounting upon the purchase of MVP. Therefore, we recognized the preliminary historical basis of MVP s acquired
assets and liabilities. We identified any excess of the consideration paid in excess of the net assets acquired in the table below. In
addition, we recorded approximately million of preliminary acquisition-related transaction costs (e.g., legal, due diligence, valuation,
and other professional fees) not included as a component of consideration transferred but are required to be expensed as incurred and
included in our consolidated statement of operations. Future transaction costs are indeterminable as the Company progresses to the finalization
of the Transaction. 

The
Company received a final valuation report from our third-party appraiser regarding allocating the consideration paid in excess of the
net assets acquired. Additionally, the Company received an updated list of certain assets and liabilities acquired on August 16, 2021.
Under ASC 805, we recorded measurement period adjustments under the previously mentioned revisions. 

We
have completed integrating MVP into our operations and internal control processes. As we finished this integration, we analyzed, evaluated,
and, where necessary, made changes in control and procedures related to the MVP business. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
4 ACQUISITION OF MOBILE VIEWPOINT CORPORATE B.V. (continued) 

The
following table summarizes the historical value of the assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date, allocation of the consideration
paid in excess of net assets acquired, relative useful lives, and the amortization method of the listed intangible assets. 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Customer deposits and deferred revenue 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Total identifiable net assets 

Consideration paid 

Total identifiable assets acquired 

Excess of consideration paid over net assets acquired 

Preliminary allocation of the consideration paid in excess of the net assets acquired: 

Trade name 

Proprietary technology 

Customer relationship 

Goodwill 

Total intangible assets acquired 

As
a result of the updated purchase price allocations for the MVP acquisition on August 16, 2021, specific fair value amounts previously
estimated were adjusted during the measurement period. These measurement period adjustments resulted from our external valuation specialists 
updated valuation reports and appraisals and revisions to internal account classifications. The changes from the final valuation report
included an increase of million in inventory, million in the trade name, million in proprietary technology, and 
million in goodwill, offset by a reduction of million in customer relationships. The revision in internal account classification
resulted in a decrease of million in prepaid expenses and other current assets with a reciprocal increase of million in inventory. 

In estimating the fair value of the assets and liabilities,
the valuation specialist considered three fundamental techniques or approaches to valuing an asset: the Income Approach (present value
of future economic benefits for customer lists), the Market Approach (analysis of recent comparable entity asset sales for trade names,
and proprietary technology) and the Cost Approach (replacement or reconstruction cost of similar assets of like utility for the step-up
in inventory). To ascribe value to the Subject Assets, it was necessary first to determine an appropriate discount rate. The discount
rate for the acquired assets was developed using a Weighted Average Cost of Capital WACC methodology. The discount rate
applied under WACC was . To perform the process outlined by ASC 805, the valuation specialists defined the buyer s expected rate
of return, referred to as the internal rate of return IRR, ), a market participant s rate of return, which is
WACC; and the rates of returns for the identified assets: working capital ), intangible assets ), and goodwill ). 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
4 ACQUISITION OF MOBILE VIEWPOINT CORPORATE B.V. (continued) 

Intangible
assets acquired: 

The
Purchaser acquired intangible assets from MVP as a result of the Transaction. The Tradename, Proprietary Technology, and Customer Relationships
are intangible assets noted to have a finite life, while Goodwill has an indefinite life span. The finite life intangible assets will
be amortized using the straight-line method of the respective lives of each asset, while the indefinite life intangible assets will not
be amortized. 

Years 
 
 Straight-line 
 
 Proprietary
 Technology 

Years 
 
 Straight-line 
 
 Customer
 Relationships 

Years 
 
 Straight-line 
 
 Goodwill 

N/A 

Net loss allocable to common stockholders 

Net loss per share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

The
revenue and earnings of MVP since the acquisition date included in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss amount
to approximately 2.3 million for the year ending December 31, 2021. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Net accounts receivable 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company incurred bad debt expenses of and , respectively. Additionally,
for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company experienced bad debt recoveries of and , respectively. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Sub-total inventories 

Less reserve for slow-moving and excess inventory 

Total inventories, net 

Inventory
valuation adjustments consist primarily of written-off items due to obsolescence or reserved for slow-moving or excess inventory. The
Company recorded inventory valuation adjustments of and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. Additionally, under the
Company s product rationalization program, management eliminated specific product lines impairing and - - of inventory
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Leasehold improvements (a) 
 - 

Computers, software, and equipment 
 - 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
of property and equipment amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Additionally,
the Company removed of fully depreciation leasehold improvement from its records. 

(a)
The shorter economic life or remaining lease term. 

in goodwill impairment charges on the consolidated operations statements and comprehensive loss for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The Company did not recognize goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
8 GOODWILL (continued) 

Additions 

Deferred tax liabilities associated with MVP acquisition 

Impairments 

Ending balance 
 - - 
 - - 

Additions 

Amortization 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Amortization 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Proprietary
Technology: 

The
Company amortizes proprietary technology over their useful lives of to years. The proprietary technology consists of wireless multiplex
transmitters, and artificial intelligence developed and used by MVP internally to produce and sell products or services to the end-user
or customer. 

Patents
and Licenses: 

The
Company amortizes filed patents and licenses over their useful lives, ranging from to years. The amortization of the costs incurred
by processing provisional patents and pending applications begins after successful review and filing. 

Trade
Name, Technology, and Customer Relationships: 

The
Company amortizes these other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives of to years. Prior acquisitions of the Company s
subsidiaries, IMT, Vislink, and MVP, created these intangible assets of trade names, technology, and customer lists. 

Patents and Licenses 

Trade Names and Technology 

Customer Relationships 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
9 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued) 

Patents and Licenses 

Trade Names and Technology 

Customer Relationships 

years. The following table represents the estimated amortization expense for total intangible assets
for the succeeding five years: 
 SCHEDULE OF ESTIMATED AMORTIZATION EXPENSE FOR INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Period ending December 31, 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Finite-Lived
 Intangible Assets, Net, Total 

Commissions 

Warranty 

Rent 

Accrued expenses other 

Deferred Equity 

Accrued
 expenses 

On April 5, 2021, the Company renewed its D O insurance policy and increased the premium to approximately , less a down payment of , financing the remaining balance of approximately . The loan s terms are nine months at a annual interest rate and a monthly principal and interest payment of approximately . As of March 31, 2022, the loan is paid in full. The Company recorded interest expense of - - and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

On April 5, 2022, the Company renewed its D O insurance policy, decreasing the premium to approximately , less a down payment of , financing the remaining balance of approximately . The loan s terms are nine months at a annual interest rate and a monthly principal and interest payment of approximately . The Company recorded interest expense of and - - for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

remaining as of December
31, 2022. Certain individual leases contain rent escalation clauses and lease concessions that require additional rental payments later
in the term. We recognize rent expense for these contracts straight-line over the minimum lease term. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded approximately million of ROU assets net of million accumulated amortization on the
balance sheet. Additionally, the Company recorded relatively million of operating lease liabilities, of which million is current
and million is non-current, as reported on the balance sheet. The weighted-average remaining term for lease contracts was years
on December 31, 2022, with maturity dates from and a weighted-average discount rate of on December 31,
2022. 

Adjustments
for straight-line rental expense for the respective periods was not material. Most costs recognized are reflected in cash used in operating
activities for the respective periods. This expense consisted primarily of payments for base rent on office and warehouse leases. Amounts
related to short-term lease costs, taxes, and variable service charges on leased properties were immaterial. Besides, we have the right
to renew individual leases for various renewal terms but no obligation. 

The
following represents lease activity for the year ending December 31, 2022: 

Lutton,
UK 

On
April 28, 2022, square feet of administrative office space in Lutton, UK, commencing on
May 3, 2022, and terminating on , for monthly or approximately per month. 

Dubai,
UAE 

The
Company renewed its square feet of administrative office space commencing on July 3, 2022, and terminating on ,
in Dubai Studio City, UAE, for AED or approximately US monthly. 

Billerica,
MA 

During
the third quarter of the fiscal year 2022, management vacated the Billerica property. The economic environment of this location precluded
the action of sub-letting an unoccupied site and determined the leased facility abandoned. Under ASC 360, leased space abandonment is
an impairment indicator, and the Company assessed the lease ROU assets for impairment, and we recognized a loss on impairment of right-of-use
assets of approximately . 

The
following represents lease activity for the year ending December 31, 2021 : 

Lutton,
UK 

On
February 1, 2021, square feet of administrative office space in Lutton, UK, commencing
on February 1, 2021, and terminating on , for or approximately monthl y. 

Dubai,
UAE 

On
May 24, 2021, the Company renewed its lease for office space , for square
feet of administrative office space in Dubai Studio City, UAE, for AED or approximately monthly. 

Mount
Olive, NJ 

On
November 1, 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement with a non-affiliated third party (the Landlord to rent approximately
 square feet of commercial space for general business offices, light manufacturing, operating of a testing laboratory, assembly,
and inventory storage in Mount Olive, NJ. The lease commencement date is November 1, 2021, and the expiration date is .
The initial monthly obligation is , with annual rent increases of per year until the lease expiration date. The Company is
relocating its corporate facilities from Hackettstown, NJ, to Mount Olive, NJ, with the projected completion date by March 2022, as part
of the strategic initiative plan implemented in early 2020. The Company recognized approximately of Right of Use Assets and
Operating lease obligations for the new lease under ASC Topic 842. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
12 LEASES (continued) 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Cash paid for lease liabilities: 

Cash flows from operating leases 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases 
 years 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Less: Current lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 

Singapore 

Billerica,
 MA 

Hemel,
 UK 

Mount
 Olive, NJ 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The fair market value of stock 

Exercise price 
 to 
 to 
 
 Volatility 
 to 
 to 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 to 
 to 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Warrant life (years) 
 to 
 to 

Level
3 liabilities are valued using unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology significant in measuring the liabilities fair
value. For fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the Company s accounting and finance
department, subject to the approval of the Chief Financial Officer, determines the applicable valuation policies and procedures. 

Level
3 Valuation Techniques: 

Level
3 financial liabilities consist of the derivative liabilities for which there is no current market for these securities, such that determining
fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded as appropriate. The Company deems financial
instruments that do not have fixed settlement provisions as derivative instruments. Under US GAAP, the fair value of these warrants is
classified as a liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheets because, according to the terms of the warrants, a fundamental
transaction could give rise to an obligation of the Company to pay cash to its warrant holders. Such instruments do not have fixed settlement
provisions and have also been recorded as derivative liabilities. Corresponding changes in the fair value of the derivative liabilities
are recognized in earnings on the Company s consolidated operations statements in each subsequent period. The Company uses a binomial
model style simulation to calculate fair value, as the standard Black-Scholes model would not capture the value of certain features of
the warrant derivative liabilities. 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Ending balance 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million shares of Blank Check preferred stock with a par value of per share received
approval from the majority of stockholders. 

The
following shares were designated as authorized: 

Three
 million shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock on December 31, 2014. 

Three
 million shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock on February 11, 2015. 

Three
 million shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock on February 24, 2015. 

On
February 5, 2016, the Company terminated the Series A Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock and increased the number of designated
shares of Series B Preferred Stock to . The following shares were designated as authorized: million shares of Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Preferred Stock on April 25, 2016. On December 6, 2016, the Company terminated the
Series B Preferred Stock. The following shares were designated as authorized: thousand shares of Series E Convertible Preferred
Stock Series E Preferred Stock on December 21, 2016. On November 9, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors (i)
terminated the Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock and (ii) designated the following shares as authorized: shares
of new Series A Preferred Stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company s board of directors declared a dividend of one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock,
par value per share Series A Preferred Stock ), for each outstanding share of the Company s common stock,
to stockholders of record on November 21, 2022. 

. The outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock voted together with the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as a single class exclusively concerning
the proposal to adopt an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to reclassify the outstanding shares
of the Company s Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of common stock at a ratio specified in or determined under the terms
of such amendment (the Reverse Stock Split ). The Series A Preferred Stock was not entitled to vote on any other matter
except to the extent required under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

The
holders of Series A Preferred Stock were not entitled to receive dividends. 

On
January 11, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting whereby stockholders voted on
a proposal to authorize the Board, at its discretion, to effect the Reverse Stock Split. All shares of Series A Preferred Stock that
were not present in person or by proxy at the Special Meeting held to vote on the Reverse Stock Split immediately before the opening
of the polls at such meeting (the Initial Redemption Time were automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, by the
Company at the Initial Redemption Time without further action on the part of the Company or the holder of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock (the Initial Redemption ). Any outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock that were not redeemed according to
an Initial Redemption were redeemed in whole but not in part (i) if the Board ordered such redemption in its sole discretion, automatically
and effective on such time and date specified by the Board in its sole discretion or (ii) automatically upon the approval by the Company s
stockholders of the Reverse Stock Split at the Special Meeting held for the purpose of voting on a such proposal the Subsequent
Redemption ). 

. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
14 PREFERRED SHARES (continued) 

Series
A Preferred Stock (continued) 

The
Series A Preferred Stock was not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class, series of stock, or other securities
of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock had no stated maturity and is not subject to any sinking fund. The Series A Preferred Stock
was not restricted to the Company s redemption or repurchase of shares while there is any arrearage in the payment of dividends
or sinking fund installments. The Certificate of Designation was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State and became effective on November
9, 2022. 

The
Company was not solely in control of the redemption of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock since the holders had the option of deciding
whether to vote in respect of the above-described Reverse Stock Split, which determined whether a given holder s shares of Series
A Preferred Stock were redeemed in the Initial Redemption or the Subsequent Redemption. Since the redemption of the Series A Preferred
Stock was not solely in the control of the Company, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock were classified within mezzanine equity in
the Company s audited consolidated balance sheet. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock were measured at redemption value. The
value of Series A Preferred Stock shares as of December 31, 2022, was de minimis. 

Certificate
of Elimination 

On
April 25, 2016, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, designating 
shares out of the Company s authorized but unissued shares of its preferred stock as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, par
value per share. 

On
December 21, 2016, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, designating 
shares out of the Company s authorized but unissued shares of its preferred stock as Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, par
value per share. 

On
November 9, 2022, the Company filed Certificates of Elimination for each of the Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which, effective upon filing, eliminated all matters outlined in the Certificates
of Designation of Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock previously filed by the Company. According to the Certificates
of Elimination, the shares that were previously designated as Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock resume the status
of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of the Company, issuable from time to time, in one
or more series, under the Certificate of Incorporation. 

On
March 24, 2023, the Company filed a certificate of elimination (the Certificate of Elimination with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware for the Series A Preferred Stock. The Certificate of Elimination (i) eliminated the previous designation of
 shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, none of which were outstanding
at the time of the filing of such Certificate of Elimination, and (ii) caused such shares of Series A Preferred Stock to resume their
status as authorized but unissued and non-designated shares of preferred stock of the Company. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Common Stock, par value per share. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021,
the Company had and shares issued, and and shares outstanding, respectively. 

Common
Stock Issuances 

For
the year ending December 31, 2022 

Issued
 shares of common stock as payment of the minimum withholding tax obligation due upon the vesting of shares restricted stock
 units. 

Issued
 shares of common stock, net of shares attributable to withholding tax, upon the exercise of restricted stock units
 under the Company s various stock compensation plans. 

Under
 the terms of an consulting agreement: on May 4, 2022, issued shares of common stock were valued at per share
 on the issuance date with a total value of in satisfaction of . The value of the common stock issued was based on
 the fair value of the stock at the time of the issuance. On July 19, 2022, shares of common stock were valued at per
 share on the issuance date, with a total value of in satisfaction of the remaining balance of . The Company recognized
 a total gain on debt settlement of . 

Other
stockholders equity transactions 

Recognized
 approximately of stock-based compensation costs associated with outstanding stock options recorded in general and administrative
 expenses offsetting additional paid-in capital. 

For
the year ending December 31, 2021 

February
2021 Financing 

The
Company issued shares of common stock, supplemented by five -year warrants with an exercise price of per share
exercisable for one share of common stock. The Company has earmarked the net proceeds from equity financing for working capital and general
corporate purposes. Specifically, on February 8, 2021, the Company closed on equity financing and received gross proceeds of approximately
 , less offering costs of for net proceeds of . 

Other
Stockholders Equity Transactions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company: 

Issued
 shares of common stock and received gross proceeds of approximately , less offering costs of for net
 proceeds of under the Company s shelf registration filed on May 5, 2020. 

Issued
 shares of common stock upon warrant holders exercising common stock warrants, receiving approximately in net proceeds. 

Issued
 shares of common stock upon warrant holders exercising cashless public common stock warrants. 

Issued
 three -year common stock warrants with an exercise price of per share exercisable for one share each of common stock
 in satisfaction of a settlement agreement. We computed the value of approximately under the Cox-Rubenstein binomial lattice
 valuation model method. The Company used the following assumptions in connection with the warrants valuation: fair market
 value of the stock of , the exercise price of , volatility of , risk-free interest rate of , expected dividend
 yield of - -, and the warrant life of 3 years . 

Issued
 shares of common stock to specific board members under a commitment agreement valued at . The value of the common
 stock was determined on the original date of the agreement. 

Recognized
 approximately of stock-based compensation costs associated with outstanding stock options and restricted stock units recorded
 in general and administrative expenses with the offset to additional paid-in capital. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
15 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 

Common
Stock Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, warrants expired. As of December 31, 2022, these outstanding warrants contained no intrinsic
value. The weighted average exercise price of warrants outstanding on December 31, 2022, is , with a weighted average remaining
contractual life of years. 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants canceled/expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Warrants expired 

Outstanding and exercisable, December 31, 2022 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

yrs 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Remaining expense of stock-based compensation 

Remaining amortization period 
 years 
 years 

Weighted average remaining contractual life options outstanding and exercisable 
 years 
 years 

Intrinsic value per share 

Range of exercise prices 
 to 
 to 

Quantity: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding options 

Stock options forfeited 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding options 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable options 

Weighted Averages: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding options 

Stock options forfeited 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding options 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable options 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
16 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued) 

Time-vested
stock options: 

Michael Bond CFO 

Michael Bond CFO 

Note:
no time-vested option awards were granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Remaining expense of stock-based compensation 

Remaining amortization period 
 years 
 years 

Weighted average remaining contractual life options outstanding and exercisable 
 years 
 years 

Intrinsic value per share 

Range of exercise prices 
 to 
 to 

Quantity: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding 

Granted, canceled, expired 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable 

Weighted Averages: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding 

Granted, canceled, expired 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
16 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued) 

Performance-based
stock options: 

upon attainment of applicable performance conditions for each tranche (all subject to continued employment): 

SCHEDULE OF STOCK OPTION PLANS FOR VESTED OPTION 

Date of 
 Options 
 Exercise 
 Options Vesting Dates 
 Options Vesting Schedule 
 
 Recipient 
 Grant 
 Granted 
 Price 
 Commencement 
 Expiration 
 Tranche 1 
 Tranche 2 
 Tranche 3 

Carleton M. Miller CEO 

Applicable performance conditions: 

. 

. 

. 

Note:
no time-vested option awards were granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
16 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued) 

Performance-based
stock options (continued): 

Remaining amortization period 
 years 
 years 

Weighted average remaining contractual life options outstanding and exercisable 
 years 
 years 

Intrinsic value per share 
 
 . 

Range of exercise prices 

Quantity: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding 

Granted, canceled, expired 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable 

Weighted Averages: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding 

Granted, canceled, expired 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable 

The
probability of achieving any required metrics for vesting is inconclusive, and no options are exercisable as of December 31, 2022. When
the Company determines that the remaining performance metrics achievement becomes probable, the Company will record a cumulative
catch-up stock-based compensation amount. We will record any unrecognized costs over the remaining requisite service period of the awards. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
16 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued) 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Restricted
stock awards time-based: 

Michel Bais Managing Director 

Ronnie Hamilton VP Global Operations 

Group of 22 Employees 

Carleton M. Miller CEO 

Mike Bond CFO 

Remaining expense of stock-based compensation 

Remaining amortization period 
 years 
 years 

Weighted average remaining contractual life options outstanding and exercisable 
 years 
 years 

Intrinsic value per share 

Range of exercise prices 
 to 
 
to 

Quantity: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable 

Weighted Averages: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
16 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued) 

Restricted
Stock Units (continued) 

Restricted
stock awards performance-based: 

The
Company granted the following awards under the amended Plan for restricted stock units RSUs subject to performance vesting
conditions and continued employment: 

Michael Bond CFO 

Note:
 The above performance-based restricted stock units met all three revenue thresholds in the last quarter of 2021, and the Company
 recognized stock-based compensation expense accordingly for the year ending December 31, 2021. 

Grant 
 
 Units Vesting Schedule 
 
 Recipient 
 Date 
 Units 
 Exercise Price 
 Tranche 1 
 Tranche 2 
 Tranche 3 
 
 Carleton M. Miller CEO 

Michael Bond CFO 

. 

. 

Note:
the determination of revenue for any fiscal period shall be made based on the Company s revenues on a consolidated basis for each
such fiscal period if the employee remains in continuous employment with the Company through the date the Compensation Committee certifies
the revenue for such fiscal period and authorizes the issuance of the underlying shares of common stock to the employee according to
his award agreement. Except as provided in each employment agreement, if an individual ceases to be an employee of the Company before
any vesting date, the remaining portion of the total number of shares unvested is forfeited. The probability of achieving any required
metrics for vesting is inconclusive, and no awards are exercisable as of December 31, 2022. When the Company determines that the remaining
performance metrics achievement becomes probable, the Company will record a cumulative catch-up stock-based compensation amount.
We will record any unrecognized costs over the remaining requisite service period of the awards. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
16 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (continued) 

Restricted
Stock Units (continued) 

Restricted
stock awards performance-based (continued): 

Remaining expense of stock-based compensation 

Remaining amortization period 
 years 
 years 

Weighted average remaining contractual life options outstanding and exercisable 
 years 
 years 

Intrinsic value per share 

Range of exercise prices 
 
 to 

Quantity: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding 

Granted, canceled, expired 

Exercised 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable 

Weighted Averages: 

Beginning balance-January 1 st , outstanding 

Granted, canceled, expired 

Exercised 

Ending balance-December 31 st , outstanding 

Ending balance-December 31 st , exercisable 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Nasdaq
Compliance: 

As
previously reported, on May 20, 2022, Vislink Technologies, Inc. (the Company received notice from the Nasdaq Listing
Qualifications Department (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company of its
noncompliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Rule by failing to maintain a minimum bid price for its common
stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market of at least per share for 30 consecutive business days. The Company received a grace period
of 180 days, or until November 16, 2022, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

On
November 10, 2022, the Company submitted a request to Nasdaq for an additional 180-day grace period, or until May 15, 2023, to regain
compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. On November 17, 2022, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq advising that the
Company had been granted an additional 180-day grace period extension until May 15, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price
requirement and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market except for the minimum bid price requirement. 

On
January 11, 2023, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting whereby stockholders voted and
approved a proposal to authorize the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), in its discretion but before the one-year
anniversary of the date of the Special Meeting, to implement an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation to effect
a reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split of all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value per
share Common Stock ), of the Company, at a ratio in the range of to . The Company intends to monitor the
closing bid price of its common stock and may, if appropriate, consider available options to regain compliance with the Rule, including
initiating the Reverse Stock Split. 

There
can be no assurance that the Reverse Split will result in a sustained increase in the per share market price for the Common Stock for
the minimum period necessary to permit the Company to be timely regain compliance with the Rule. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be able to regain compliance with the Rule or otherwise be in compliance with other Nasdaq Listing Rules during this additional
180-day extension period. If the Company does not regain compliance within the allotted compliance period, Nasdaq will provide notice
that the common stock will be subject to delisting. The Company would then be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings
panel. 

The
Nasdaq notice has no immediate impact on the listing of the Company s common stock, which will continue to be listed and traded
on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol VISL, subject to the Company s compliance with the other continued
listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

), in excess of 10 of the Company s
total sales. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded sales to a single customer of in excess of 10 
of the Company s total sales. 

On
December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded accounts receivable of approximately and ), respectively,
to a single customer in excess of 10 of the Company s total consolidated accounts receivable. 

Vendor
concentration risk 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were no individual vendor inventory purchases in excess of 10 of the Company s
consolidated inventory purchases, respectively. 

On
December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded one vendor balance of approximately million and - -, respectively, in
excess of 10 of the Company s total consolidated accounts payable. 

South America 

Europe 

Asia 

Rest of World 

Primary revenue source: 

Equipment sales 

Installation, integration, and repairs 

Warranties 

Other (See Note 20) 

Long-Lived Assets: 

United States 

Netherlands 

United Kingdom 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

with a remittance settlement of 

On July 26, 2021, the Payroll Protection Program PPP loan of received on April 10, 2020, was forgiven. Under ASC 405-20, the Company recorded the transaction as a gain on settlement of debt 
 - 

On May 4, 2022, and July 19, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock on each date with an accumulated value of in satisfaction of an amount payable of 

On November 21, 2022, the Company settled the dividends payable in the amount of by issuing Series A Preferred shares with a zero carrying value 

GAINS
 ON SETTLEMENT OF DEBT 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Current
 income tax expense, total 

Deferred tax provision (benefit) 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Change in the valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax provision (benefit) 

Income tax provision 

State and local taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Executive compensation 

Equity compensation 

Provision to return 

DTA adjustment for state NOL 

Foreign Rate Differential 

Change rate 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

Under
the provisions of ASC 740, the Company may recognize the benefits of uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the
merits of the position(s) will be sustained upon audit by the relevant tax authorities. No uncertain tax positions were taken or expected
on a tax return that would be determined to be an unrecognized tax benefit recorded on the Company s financial statements for the
years ended December 31, 2022, or 2021. The Company does not expect its unrecognized tax benefit position to change during the next twelve
months 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
22 INCOME TAXES (continued) 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial accounting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax reporting. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets are as follows: 

Inventory 

Allowance for bad debt 

Compensation related 

Pension 

Other accruals 

State net operating losses 

Federal net operating losses 

Interest disallowance 

Stock options 

Other 

Valuation Allowance 

Total Deferred Tax Assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Property and Equipment 

Intangibles 

Prepaid Expenses 

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Net Deferred Tax Liability 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has federal net operating losses NOL of approximately million that will expire
beginning in 2027. The Company has federal NOLs of approximately million that may be carried forward indefinitely. The Company
also has state NOL carryforwards of million, which will expire beginning in 2027. Besides, the Company has foreign NOL carryforwards
of approximately million that generally do not expire except under certain circumstances. The Company also has research and development
credits of approximately million, which will begin to . The years that remain open for review by taxing authorities
are 2019 to 2022 for Federal, Foreign, and State Income Tax returns. 

Realizing
the NOL carryforwards and other temporary deferred tax differences is contingent on future taxable earnings. The Company s deferred
tax assets were reviewed for expected utilization using a more likely than not approach by assessing the available positive
and negative evidence surrounding its recoverability. Accordingly, a valuation allowance has been recorded against the Company s
deferred tax assets, as it was determined, based on past and present losses, that it was more likely than not that the
Company s deferred tax assets would not be realized. The valuation allowance was increased to the full carrying amount of the Company s
deferred tax assets. In future years, if the deferred tax assets are determined by management to be more likely than not 
to be realized, the recognized tax benefits relating to the reversal of the valuation allowance will be recorded. The Company will continue
to assess and evaluate strategies that enable the deferred tax asset, or portion thereof, to be utilized. It will reduce the valuation
allowance appropriately when it is determined that the more likely than not criteria are satisfied. 

The
net operating loss carryovers may be subject to annual limitations under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and similar state provisions
should there be a greater than 50 ownership change as determined under the applicable income tax regulations. The limitation amount
would be determined based on the company s value immediately before the ownership change, and subsequent ownership changes could
further impact the annual limitation amount. An ownership change under Section 382 may have occurred in the past or could happen in the
future, such that the NOLs available for utilization could be significantly limited. The Company plans to perform a Section 382 analysis
in the future. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
22 INCOME TAXES (continued) 

Effective
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, 

For
tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the Tax Act introduced a new limitation on the deduction of interest expense whereby current-year
interest deductions are limited (among other restrictions) to 30 of adjusted taxable income, with various modifications and exceptions.
The Company does incur interest expenses and evaluates each year the impact, if any, of the new limitation. 

The
Company has not provided for deferred taxes and foreign withholding taxes on the excess of the financial reporting basis over the tax
basis in our investments in foreign subsidiaries that are nearly permanent in duration. In general, it is the Company s practice
and intention to reinvest our foreign subsidiary s earnings in those operations. Generally, our foreign subsidiary s earnings
have become subject to U.S. taxation based on specific U.S. tax law provisions, such as the recently enacted territorial transition tax
under section 965 and under certain other circumstances. Due to the complexities of the provisions introduced with the Tax Act, and the
underlying assumptions that would have to be made, it is not practicable to estimate the amount of tax provision required to account
for these foreign undistributed earnings. The Company will account for any additional expense or deduction in the year it is claimed.
The Company will continue to review each year whether this treatment is appropriate. 

The
Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions and is not under any income tax examinations. 

VISLINK
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 44 

<EX-4.11>
 2
 ex4-11.htm

Exhibit 4.11 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of December 31, 2022, Vislink Technologies,
Inc. (the Company, we, us, or our has one class of securities registered under
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): our common stock, par value 0.00001 per
share (the Common Stock). 

General 

The following description of our capital stock
and specific provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws are summaries and are qualified by reference to our Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws. Copies of these documents can be accessed through hyperlinks to those documents in the list of exhibits in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. 

Our authorized capital stock comprises 100,000,000
shares of common stock, a par value of 0.00001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock.
As of March 24, 2023, we had 47,619,317 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock were outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Voting Rights 

Each stockholder has one vote for each share of Common
Stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. A stockholder may vote in person or by proxy. A plurality of the votes
cast determines the elections of directors. 

Because our stockholders do not have cumulative voting
rights, stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of our shares of Common Stock will be able to elect all of our directors.
Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that stockholder actions may be effected at a duly called meeting of stockholders
or pursuant to the written consent of the majority of stockholders. A special meeting of stockholders may be called by the majority of
our Board of Directors or by a committee determined by the Board of Directors with the power to call such meetings. 

Dividend Rights 

The holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock
are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available at times and in the amounts that our Board of Directors may determine,
provided that required dividends, if any, on the preferred stock have been paid or provided. However, to date, we have not paid or declared
cash distributions or dividends on our common stock and do not currently intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. The Board of Directors will determine the declaration of cash dividends in the future based on our earnings, financial condition,
capital requirements, and other relevant factors. To finance our operations, we intend to retain all earnings if and when generated. 

No Preemptive or Similar Rights 

Holders of our Common Stock do not have preemptive
rights, and our Common Stock is not convertible or redeemable. 

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 

Upon our dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up,
the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders and remaining after payment to holders of preferred stock of the amounts,
if any, to which they are entitled are distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock subject to any senior class of securities. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

The authorization of undesignated preferred stock
makes it possible for our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the
success of any attempt to change our control. 

Provisions such as these, which are intended to make
an acquisition of control by a third party more difficult, are designed to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition
of our Board of Directors and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition
of us. 

These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability
to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and discourage certain tactics used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect
of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes
in our control or management. Consequently, these provisions also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our stock that may result
from actual or rumored takeover attempts. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include
a number of provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our company, including the following: 

No Cumulative Voting. The Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL provides that stockholders are denied the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless the company s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders and Stockholder Action by Written Consent. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that all stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called meeting of stockholders and eliminate the right of stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting. Our bylaws also provide that only our chairman of the board, Chief Executive Officer (or if there is no Chief Executive Officer, the President) or the board of directors, pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors may call a special meeting of stockholders. 

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals . Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders, including the nomination of director candidates, must provide timely advance notice in writing and specifies requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s notice. 

Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the stockholders cannot amend the provisions described above except by a vote of 66 2/3 or more of our outstanding common stock. 

These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood
of continued stability in the composition of our Board and its policies and to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover
bids. These provisions are also designed to reduce our vulnerability to hostile takeovers and discourage tactics used in proxy fights.
However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and may have the effect
of delaying changes in our control or management. Consequently, these provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of
our stock that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. We believe that the benefits of these provisions, including increased
protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure
our company, outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover proposals because negotiation of takeover proposals could result in an
improvement of their terms. 

Choice of Forum 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that the
Court of Chancery of the state of Delaware (the Chancery Court is the exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or
proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a
claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Corporation s certificate of incorporation or by-laws or (iv) any action
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to said Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction
over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. 

This exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits
brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )or any other claim
for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section
27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Our bylaws further provide that the federal district
courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act. However, stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The enforceability
of similar choice of forum provisions in some other companies bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible
that, in connection with any action, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable. 

Section 203 of the DGCL 

We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits
a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years
after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder. In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder 
as an entity or person who, together with the person s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior
to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

 We are subject to Section 203 with the following exceptions: 

before the date that such a stockholder became an interested stockholder, the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon closing of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or after such date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that the interested stockholder does not own. 

In general, Section 203 defines business combination
to include the following: 

any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge, or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 

any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 

Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent, and Registrars 

Our transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock
in the United States is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. Our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under
the symbol VISL. 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement of Vislink Technologies, Inc. on Forms S-3 [File Nos.
333-228793 and 333-238013] and Forms S-8 [File Nos. 333-270912, 333-264124, 333-255305, 333-233849, 333-233848, 333-224107,
333-224106, 333-224105, 333-215461, 333-214658, 333-212621, 333-210773, 333-208313, 333-206486, 333-205687, and 333-203399] of our
report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Vislink Technologies, Inc. as of
December 31, 2022 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Vislink Technologies, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 Marcum LLP 

Marcum
 LLP 

New
 York, NY 

March
 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Carleton M. Miller, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Vislink Technologies, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(c)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether material, involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Carleton M. Miller 

Carleton
 M. Miller 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael C. Bond, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Vislink Technologies, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(c)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether material, involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Michael C. Bond 

Michael
 C. Bond 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Vislink Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Carleton M. Miller,
Chief Executive Officer of Vislink Technologies, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Carleton M. Miller 

Carleton
 M. Miller 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Vislink Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Carleton M. Miller,
Chief Executive Officer of Vislink Technologies, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Michael C. Bond 

Michael
 C. Bond 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 visl-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 visl-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 visl-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 visl-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

