<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_92230_0000092230-23-000034.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>38320900</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>536186</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4450918</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>17480927</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7461705</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7491059</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000092230-23-000034.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228164754
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000092230-23-000034
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		165
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TRUIST FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092230
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				560939887
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10853
		FILM NUMBER:		23686560

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 NORTH TRYON STREET
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3367332000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		214 NORTH TRYON STREET
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BB&T CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970527

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTHERN NATIONAL CORP /NC/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000092230-23-000034.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 tfc-20221231.htm
 10-K

tfc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 _________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 At January 31, 2023, the Company had shares of its common stock, 5 par value, outstanding. As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the Company was approximately billion. Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the definitive proxy statement relating to the registrant s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders are incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K in response to Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION FORM 10-K December 31, 2022 Page No. PART I Glossary of Defined Terms 1 
 Forward-Looking Statements 3 
 Item 1 Business 4 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 18 
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments (None to be reported) Item 2 Properties 36 
 Item 3 Legal Proceedings (see Note 16) 121 
 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures (Not applicable) PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Executive Overview 40 
 Analysis of Results of Operations 43 
 Analysis of Financial Condition 49 
 Risk Management 62 
 Liquidity 72 
 Capital 74 
 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (see Market Risk) 64 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 81 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 84 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 85 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 86 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 87 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1. Basis of Presentation 88 
 Note 2. Business Combinations 102 
 Note 3. Securities Financing Activities 102 
 Note 4. Investment Securities 103 
 Note 5. Loans and ACL 105 
 Note 6. Premises and Equipment 111 
 Note 7. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 111 
 Note 8. Loan Servicing 112 
 Note 9. Other Assets and Liabilities 113 
 Note 10. Deposits 114 
 Note 11. Borrowings 114 
 Note 12. Shareholders Equity 115 
 Note 13. AOCI 116 
 Note 14. Income Taxes 117 
 Note 15. Benefit Plans 118 
 Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies 121 
 Note 17. Regulatory Requirements and Other Restrictions 126 
 Note 18. Fair Value Disclosures 127 
 Note 19. Derivative Financial Instruments 132 
 Note 20. Computation of EPS 136 
 Note 21. Operating Segments 136 
 Note 22. Parent Company Financial Information 140 
 Note 23. Subsequent Events 141 
 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure (None to be reported) Item 9A Controls and Procedures 142 
 Item 9B Other Information (None to be reported) Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections (Not applicable) PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Item 11 Executive Compensation Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Financial Statements (see Listing in Item 8 above) Exhibits 143 
 Financial Statement Schedules (None required) Item 16 Form 10-K Summary (None) 

For information regarding executive officers, refer to Executive Officers in Part I. The other information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the information that appears under the headings Nominees for Election as Directors for a One-Year Term Expiring in 2024, Nominating and Governance Committee Director Nominations, Ethics at Truist, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Audit Committee Report and Audit Committee in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the information that appears under the headings Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation of Executive Officers, Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report on Executive Compensation, Compensation and Human Capital Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Compensation of Directors in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 For information regarding the registrant s securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, refer to Equity Compensation Plan Information in Part II herein. The other information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the information that appears under the heading Stock Ownership Information in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the information that appears under the headings Director Independence and Related Person Transactions in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the information that appears under the headings Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

Glossary of Defined Terms 
 The following terms may be used throughout this report, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes. Term Definition ACL 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 AFS 
 Available-for-sale 
 Agency MBS 
 Mortgage-backed securities issued by a U.S. government agency or GSE 
 ALLL 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 ALM Asset/Liability management ARRC 
 Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the FRB and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
 AOCI 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Basel III Rules Rules issued by the FRB, OCC, and FDIC on capital adequacy and liquidity requirements in the U.S for banking organizations. BB T 
 BB T Corporation and subsidiaries (changed to Truist Financial Corporation effective with the Merger) 
 BCBS 
 Basel Committee on Banking Supervision 
 BHC 
 Bank holding company 
 BHCA 
 Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
 Board Truist s Board of Directors Branch Bank 
 Branch Banking and Trust Company (changed to Truist Bank effective with the Merger) 
 BSA/AML 
 Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering 
 C CB 
 Corporate and Commercial Banking, an operating segment 
 CARES Act The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CB W 
 Consumer Banking and Wealth, an operating segment 
 CCAR 
 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
 CCB Capital Conservation Buffer CD 
 Certificate of deposit 
 CDI 
 Core deposit intangible CECL Current expected credit loss model CEO 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 CFTC Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFO 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 CET1 
 Common equity tier 1 
 CIB Corporate and Investment Banking CFPB 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 CMO 
 Collateralized mortgage obligation 
 Company 
 Truist Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries (interchangeable with Truist below) 
 COVID-19 Coronavirus disease 2019 CRA 
 Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 
 CRE 
 Commercial real estate 
 CRO 
 Chief Risk Officer 
 DC Disclosure Committee DEI Diversity, Equity Inclusion 
 DIF 
 Deposit Insurance Fund administered by the FDIC 
 Dodd-Frank Act 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 DTA Deferred tax asset DTL Deferred tax liability EBPCC Ethics, Business Practices, and Conduct Committee ECRC Enterprise Credit Risk Committee EGRRCPA 
 Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act 
 ERC Enterprise Risk Committee ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 EPS 
 Earnings per common share 
 ESG Environmental, Social, and Governance Exchange Act 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FDIC 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 FHA 
 Federal Housing Administration 
 FHC 
 Financial holding company 
 FHLB 
 Federal Home Loan Bank 
 FHLMC 
 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
 FINRA 
 Financial Industry Regulatory Authority 
 FNMA 
 Federal National Mortgage Association 
 FRB 
 Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
 FTE 
 Full-time equivalent employee 
 GAAP 
 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
 GDP Gross Domestic Product GLBA Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GNMA 
 Government National Mortgage Association 
 Grandbridge 
 Grandbridge Real Estate Capital, LLC 
 GSE 
 U.S. government-sponsored enterprise 
 HFI 
 Held for investment 
 HMDA 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 1 

Term Definition HQLA 
 High-quality liquid assets 
 HTM 
 Held-to-maturity 
 IDI 
 Insured depository institution 
 IH 
 Insurance Holdings, an operating segment 
 IPV 
 Independent price verification 
 IRC 
 Internal Revenue Code 
 IRS 
 Internal Revenue Service 
 ISDA 
 International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
 LCR 
 Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
 LHFS 
 Loans held for sale 
 LIBOR 
 London Interbank Offered Rate 
 LOCOM Lower of cost or market Market Risk Rule Market risk capital requirements issued jointly by the OCC, U.S. Treasury, FRB, and FDIC MBS 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Merger Merger of BB T and SunTrust effective December 6, 2019 MRLCC 
 Market Risk, Liquidity and Capital Committee 
 MRO 
 Model Risk Oversight 
 MSR 
 Mortgage servicing right 
 MSRB 
 Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board 
 NA 
 Not applicable NCCOB 
 North Carolina Office of the Commissioner of Banks 
 NFA National Futures Association NIM 
 Net interest margin, computed on a TE basis 
 NM 
 Not meaningful 
 NPA 
 Nonperforming asset 
 NPL 
 Nonperforming loan 
 NSFR 
 Net stable funding ratio 
 NYSE 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 OAS 
 Option adjusted spread 
 OCC Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCI 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 OFAC 
 U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control 
 OPEB 
 Other post-employment benefit 
 OREO 
 Other real estate owned 
 OT C 
 Other, Treasury and Corporate 
 OTC Over-the-counter Parent Company 
 Truist Financial Corporation, the parent company of Truist Bank and other subsidiaries 
 Patriot Act 
 Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 
 PCD 
 Purchased credit deteriorated loans 
 PCI 
 Purchased credit impaired loans 
 PPP Paycheck Protection Program, established by the CARES Act PSU Performance share units Re-REMICs Re-securitizations of Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits RMO 
 Risk Management Organization 
 ROU assets 
 Right-of-use assets 
 RSA Restricted stock award RSU 
 Restricted stock unit 
 RUFC 
 Reserve for unfunded lending commitments 
 S P 
 Standard Poor s 
 SBA Small Business Administration SBIC 
 Small Business Investment Company 
 SCB Stress Capital Buffer SEC 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 SunTrust SunTrust Banks, Inc. 
 Tailoring Rules The final rules changing the applicability thresholds for regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, issued by the OCC, FRB, and FDIC, together with the final rules changing the applicability thresholds for enhanced prudential standards issued by the FRB 
 TDR 
 Troubled debt restructuring 
 TE 
 Taxable-equivalent 
 TMC Technology Management Committee TRS Total Return Swap Truist 
 Truist Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries (interchangeable with the Company above) 
 Truist Bank Truist Bank, formerly Branch Banking and Trust Company U.S. 
 United States of America 
 U.S. Treasury 
 United States Department of the Treasury 
 UPB 
 Unpaid principal balance 
 USAA United Services Automobile Association UTB Unrecognized tax benefit VaR 
 Value-at-risk 
 VIE Variable interest entity 
 
 2 Truist Financial Corporation 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, regarding the financial condition, results of operations, business plans and the future performance of Truist. Words such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, plans, projects, may, will, should, would, could, and other similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts but instead represent management s expectations and assumptions regarding Truist s business, the economy, and other future conditions. Such statements involve inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. As such, Truist s actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements. While there can be no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements include the following, without limitation, as well as the risks and uncertainties more fully discussed in Item 1A-Risk Factors: 
 
 changes in the interest rate environment, including the replacement of LIBOR as an interest rate benchmark, could adversely affect Truist s revenue and expenses, the value of assets and obligations, and the availability and cost of capital, cash flows, and liquidity; 
 Truist is subject to credit risk by lending or committing to lend money, may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent that loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type or location of the borrower or collateral, and may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions; 
 inability to access short-term funding or liquidity, loss of client deposits or changes in Truist s credit ratings could increase the cost of funding or limit access to capital markets; 
 general economic or business conditions, either globally, nationally or regionally, may be less favorable than expected, including as a result of supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures and labor shortages, and instability in global geopolitical matters, including due to an outbreak or escalation of hostilities, or volatility in financial markets could result in, among other things, slower deposit or asset growth, a deterioration in credit quality, or a reduced demand for credit, insurance, or other services; 
 the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government and its agencies, including in response to rising inflation, could have a material adverse effect on the economy and Truist s profitability; 
 the effects of COVID-19 adversely impacted the Company s operations and financial performance and similar adverse impacts resulting from pandemics could occur in future periods; 
 risk management oversight functions may not identify or address risks adequately, and management may not be able to effectively manage credit risk; 
 there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in Truist s business, which may impact decisions made by management and regulators; 
 deposit attrition, client loss or revenue loss following completed mergers or acquisitions may be greater than anticipated; 
 Truist could fail to execute on strategic or operational plans, including the ability to successfully complete or integrate mergers and acquisitions; 
 increased competition, including from (i) new or existing competitors that could have greater financial resources or be subject to different regulatory standards or compliance costs, and (ii) products and services offered by non-bank financial technology companies, may reduce Truist s client base, cause Truist to lower prices for its products and services in order to maintain market share or otherwise adversely impact Truist s businesses or results of operations; 
 failure to maintain or enhance Truist s competitive position with respect to new products, services, and technology, whether it fails to anticipate client expectations or because its technological developments fail to perform as desired or do not achieve market acceptance or regulatory approval or for other reasons, may cause Truist to lose market share or incur additional expense; 
 negative public opinion could damage Truist s reputation and adversely impact business and revenues; 
 regulatory matters, litigation or other legal actions may result in, among other things, costs, fines, penalties, restrictions on Truist s business activities, reputational harm, negative publicity, or other adverse consequences; 
 Truist faces substantial legal and operational risks in safeguarding personal information; 
 evolving legislative, accounting and regulatory standards, including with respect to climate, capital, and liquidity requirements, and results of regulatory examinations may adversely affect Truist s financial condition and results of operations; 
 increased scrutiny regarding Truist s consumer sales practices, training practices, incentive compensation design, and governance could damage its reputation and adversely impact business and revenues; 
 accounting policies and processes require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain, including the potential write down to goodwill if there is an elongated period of decline in market value for Truist s stock and adverse economic conditions are sustained over a period of time; 
 Truist faces risks related to originating and selling mortgages, including repurchase and indemnity demands from purchasers related to representations and warranties on loans sold, which could result in an increase in the amount of losses for loan repurchases; 
 there are risks relating to Truist s role as a loan servicer, including an increase in the scope or costs of the services Truist is required to perform without any corresponding increase in servicing fees or a breach of Truist s obligations as servicer; 
 Truist s success depends on hiring and retaining key teammates, and if these individuals leave or change roles without effective replacements, Truist s operations could be adversely impacted, which could be exacerbated in the increased work-from-home environment as job markets may be less constrained by physical geography; 
 Truist s operations rely on its ability, and the ability of key external parties, to maintain appropriate-staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of teammates; 
 Truist faces the risk of fraud or misconduct by internal or external parties, which Truist may not be able to prevent, detect, or mitigate; 
 security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting Truist s teammates and clients, malware intrusion, data corruption attempts, system breaches, cyberattacks, which have increased in frequency with geopolitical tensions, identity theft, ransomware attacks, and physical security risks, such as natural disasters, environmental conditions, and intentional acts of destruction, could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect Truist s business or reputation or create significant legal or financial exposure; and 
 widespread outages of operational, communication, or other systems, whether internal or provided by third parties, natural or other disasters (including acts of terrorism and pandemics), and the effects of climate change, including physical risks, such as more frequent and intense weather events, and risks related to the transition to a lower carbon economy, such as regulatory or technological changes or shifts in market dynamics or consumer preferences, could have an adverse effect on Truist s financial condition and results of operations, lead to material disruption of Truist s operations or the ability or willingness of clients to access Truist s products and services. 
 
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, Truist undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation is a purpose-driven financial services company committed to inspiring and building better lives and communities. Truist has leading market share in many high-growth markets in the country. The Company offers a wide range of services. Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, Truist is a top 10 U.S. commercial bank. 
 
 Truist Bank, Truist s largest subsidiary, was chartered in 1872 and is the oldest bank headquartered in North Carolina. Truist Bank provides a wide range of banking and trust services for clients through 2,123 offices as of December 31, 2022 and its digital platform. 
 
 Services 
 
 Truist s subsidiaries offer commercial and consumer clients a full array of products and services to meet their financial needs. The following table reflects examples of services provided by Truist: Table 1: Services Consumer Services: Commercial Services: Asset management Asset based lending Automobile lending Asset management Credit card lending Commercial deposit and treasury services Consumer finance Commercial lending Home equity and other direct retail lending Floor plan lending Home mortgage lending Derivatives Insurance Institutional trust services Investment brokerage services Insurance Mobile/online banking Insurance premium finance Payment solutions International banking Point-of-sale lending Investment banking and capital markets services Retail and small business deposit products Leasing Small business lending Merchant services Student lending Mortgage warehouse lending Wealth management/private banking Payment solutions Real estate lending Supply chain financing 
 
 Market Area 
 
 The following table reflects Truist s deposit market share and branch locations by state: Table 2: Deposit Market Share and Branch Locations by State of Truist s Deposits (2) Deposit Market Share Rank (2) Number of Branches (3) Florida 23 3rd 472 Georgia 19 1st 222 Virginia 15 2nd 286 North Carolina (1) 13 1st 297 Maryland 7 3rd 155 Tennessee 5 4th 108 Pennsylvania 4 8th 157 South Carolina 4 3rd 99 Texas 2 22nd 106 West Virginia 2 1st 48 Kentucky 2 4th 61 Washington, D.C. 2 5th 24 Alabama 1 7th 59 New Jersey 1 25th 23 Other states NA NA 6 
 (1) Deposit market share rank excludes home office deposits. 
 (2) Source: FDIC.gov data as of June 30, 2022. 
 (3) As of December 31, 2022. 
 
 4 Truist Financial Corporation 

Competition 
 
 The financial services industry is intensely competitive and constantly evolving. Management believes that Truist s client-first approach is a competitive advantage that strengthens the Company s ability to effectively provide financial products and services to businesses and individuals in its markets. In addition, management has made significant investments in recent years to develop Truist s digital platform and believes that its mobile and online applications are highly competitive in meeting clients expectations. Legislative, regulatory, economic, and technological changes, as well as continued consolidation within the industry, could result in increased competition from new and existing market participants. Truist s subsidiaries compete actively with national, regional, and local financial services providers, including banks, thrifts, securities dealers, mortgage bankers, finance companies, financial technology companies, and insurance companies. The ability of non-banking entities, including financial technology companies, to provide services previously limited to commercial banks has increased competition. Non-banking entities are not subject to the same regulatory framework as banks and BHCs, and therefore, can often operate with greater flexibility and lower costs. In addition, the ability to access and use technology is an increasingly significant competitive factor in the financial services industry. Having the right technology is a critically important component to client satisfaction because it affects the Company s ability to deliver the products and services that clients desire in a manner that they find convenient and attractive. Management believes that the Company is well positioned to compete and that its continued focus on touch and technology will engender trust among its current and future clients. 
 
 General Business Development 
 
 Truist seeks to satisfy all of its clients financial needs, enabling the Company to grow and diversify its sources of revenue and profitability. Truist s long-term strategy encompasses both organic and inorganic growth, including mergers or acquisitions of complementary financial institutions or other businesses. 
 
 Merger and Acquisition Strategy 
 
 The Company operates a diverse set of business lines nationally, with strong market shares concentrated in high growth markets in the Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions. Truist will continue to pursue strategic mergers and acquisitions to enhance growth, when market conditions, business objectives, profitability, and market share considerations align to create favorable opportunities. Such opportunities might include insurance agencies, financial services businesses that strengthen Truist s capabilities, and banks that enhance Truist s market position. 
 
 Truist s merger and acquisition strategy focuses on meeting the following criteria: 
 
 the merger or acquisition must be strategically attractive in that it: 
 enhances scale and increases revenue via expanded markets and/or products; 
 improves the client experience; and 
 solidifies Truist s position within the future of banking; 
 the organization must be a good fit with Truist s culture; 
 associated risks must be identified and mitigation plans put in place, such that any residual risks fall within Truist s risk appetite; and 
 the transaction must meet Truist s financial criteria. 
 
 Regulatory Considerations 
 
 The regulatory framework applicable to banking organizations is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the stability of the U.S. financial system, rather than for the protection of shareholders and creditors. In addition to banking laws and regulations, Truist is subject to various other laws and regulations, all of which directly or indirectly affect the operations and management of Truist and its ability to make distributions to shareholders. Truist and its subsidiaries are also subject to supervision and examination by multiple regulators. 
 
 Banking and other financial services statutes, regulations, and policies are continually under review by Congress, state legislatures, and federal and state regulatory agencies. In addition to laws and regulations, state and federal bank regulatory agencies may issue policy statements, interpretive letters, and similar written guidance applicable to Truist and its subsidiaries. Any change in the statutes, regulations, or regulatory policies applicable to Truist, including changes in their interpretation or implementation, could have a material effect on its business or organization. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 5 

The scope of the laws and regulations, and the intensity of the supervision to which Truist is subject have increased in recent years, initially in response to the financial crisis, and more recently in light of other factors, including technological factors, market changes, climate change concerns, as well as increased scrutiny and possible denials of bank mergers and acquisitions by federal bank regulators. Regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. Truist expects that its business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. 
 
 The descriptions below summarize certain significant federal and state laws to which Truist is subject. These descriptions do not summarize all possible or proposed changes in laws or regulations and are not intended to be a substitute for the related statues or regulatory provisions. 
 
 General 
 
 As a BHC, Truist is subject to regulation under the BHCA and to regulation, examination, and supervision by the FRB. Truist Bank, a North Carolina state-chartered commercial bank that is not a member of the Federal Reserve System, is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the NCCOB and the FDIC. Truist Bank and its affiliates are also subject to examination by the CFPB for compliance with most federal consumer financial protection laws. 
 
 Truist and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates, including those that engage in derivatives transactions, securities underwriting, market making, brokerage, investment advisory, and insurance activities, are subject to other federal and state laws and regulations, as well as supervision and examination by other federal and state regulatory agencies and other regulatory authorities, including the SEC, CFTC, FINRA, and NFA. Truist Bank is also subject to additional state and federal laws, as well as various compliance regulations, that govern its activities, the investments it makes, and the aggregate amount of loans that may be granted to one borrower. 
 
 Examinations by Truist s regulators consider not only compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and supervisory policies of the agency, but also capital levels, asset quality, risk management effectiveness, the ability and performance of management, and the board of directors, the effectiveness of internal controls, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. Following those examinations, Truist and Truist Bank are assigned supervisory ratings. This supervisory framework, including the examination reports and supervisory ratings, which are considered confidential supervisory information, could materially impact the conduct, growth, and profitability of Truist s operations. 
 
 Under the FRB s Large Financial Institution Rating System, component ratings are assigned for capital planning, liquidity risk management, and governance and controls. To be considered well managed under this rating system, a firm must be rated broadly meets expectations or conditionally meets expectations for each of its three component ratings. 
 
 The results of examinations by any of Truist s federal bank regulators potentially can result in the imposition of significant limitations on Truist s activities and growth. These regulatory agencies generally have broad enforcement authority and discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity, including the imposition of substantial monetary penalties and nonmonetary requirements against a regulated entity where the relevant agency determines that the operations of the regulated entity or any of its subsidiaries fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations, are conducted in an unsafe or unsound manner, or represent an unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice. 
 
 FHC Regulation 
 
 Truist has elected to be treated as an FHC, which allows it to engage in a broader range of activities than would otherwise be permissible for a BHC, including activities that are financial in nature or incidental thereto, such as securities underwriting or merchant banking. While FHCs may engage in certain acquisitions without prior approval of the FRB, any acquisition over 10 billion in assets would require prior approval by the FRB. In order to maintain its status as an FHC, Truist and its affiliated IDI must be well-capitalized and well-managed and Truist Bank must have at least a satisfactory CRA rating. If the FRB determines that a FHC is not well-capitalized or well-managed, the FRB may impose corrective capital and managerial requirements on the FHC and may place limitations on its ability to conduct certain business activities that FHCs are generally permitted to conduct and its ability to make certain acquisitions. If the failure to meet these standards persists, a FHC may be required to divest its IDI subsidiaries or cease all activities other than those activities that may be conducted by BHCs that are not FHCs. Furthermore, if an IDI subsidiary of a FHC has not maintained a satisfactory CRA rating, the FHC would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company that engages in such activities, although the FHC would still be allowed to engage in activities closely related to banking and make investments in the ordinary course of conducting banking activities. Longstanding federal regulations require a FHC to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. In times of severe financial stress, the obligation to serve as a source of strength could cause Truist to commit significant resources to supporting Truist Bank that otherwise would be available to Truist s creditors and shareholders. 
 
 6 Truist Financial Corporation 

Resolution Planning 
 
 As a Category III banking organization, Truist is required to submit to the FRB and FDIC a resolution plan every three years with submissions alternating between a full resolution plan and a targeted resolution plan. The FRB and the FDIC must review and evaluate Truist s resolution plan. The FRB and FDIC are authorized to impose restrictions on growth and activities or operations if the agencies determine that a resolution plan is not credible or would not facilitate a rapid and orderly resolution of the company under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, and could require the banking organization to divest assets or take other actions if it did not submit an acceptable resolution plan within two years after any such restrictions were imposed. Truist submitted its inaugural resolution plan to the FRB and FDIC in September 2021. On September 30, 2022, the FRB and FDIC announced that they did not identify any shortcomings or deficiencies in Truist s resolution plan. On the same date, the FRB and FDIC also announced that they intend to issue guidance to assist Category II and Category III banking organizations in further developing their resolution plans, in advance of the next round of resolution plans due on July 1, 2024. 
 
 In addition, Truist Bank, as an IDI, is required by FDIC regulation to file a separate bank level resolution plan every three years. The FDIC issued a policy statement in June 2021 announcing that it will resume requiring bank level resolution plans for large banks, including Truist Bank, and that such bank-level resolution plans will have more streamlined content requirements than previous requirements. During 2021, Truist Bank was informed by the FDIC that its next resolution plan was due on or before December 1, 2022. Truist Bank submitted its inaugural IDI resolution plan to the FDIC in November 2022, which is currently under review. 
 
 Enhanced Prudential Standards and Regulatory Tailoring Rules 
 
 Certain U.S. BHCs, including Truist, are subject to enhanced prudential standards. As such, Truist is subject to more stringent liquidity and capital requirements, leverage limits, stress testing, single-counterparty credit limits, resolution planning and risk management standards than those applicable to smaller institutions. Certain larger banking organizations are subject to additional enhanced prudential standards. 
 
 Under the Tailoring Rules, Truist is subject to the standards applicable to Category III banking organizations, which generally include BHCs with greater than 250 billion, but less than 700 billion, in total consolidated assets and less than 75 billion in certain risk-related exposures. 
 
 Capital Requirements 
 
 Truist and Truist Bank are subject to certain risk-based and leverage capital ratio requirements established by the FRB, for Truist, and by the FDIC, for Truist Bank. These requirements are based on the capital framework developed by the BCBS for strengthening the regulation, supervision, and risk management of banks under Basel III rules, as well as certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. These quantitative calculations are minimums, and the FRB and FDIC may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity, or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Failure to be well capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on Truist s operations or financial condition. These actions could include requiring Truist to commit capital to Truist Bank in abnormal operating conditions which would otherwise be available to Truist s creditors and shareholders. Failure to be well capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could also result in restrictions on Truist s or Truist Bank s ability to pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital or to receive regulatory approval for acquisitions. 
 
 Under the regulatory capital rules, Truist s and Truist Bank s assets, exposures, and certain off-balance sheet items are subject to risk weights under the standardized approach used to determine the institutions risk-weighted assets. These risk-weighted assets are used to calculate the following minimum capital ratios for Truist and Truist Bank: 
 
 CET1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio, equal to the ratio of CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets. CET1 capital primarily includes common shareholders equity subject to certain regulatory adjustments and deductions, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets, and AOCI. 
 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio, equal to the ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets. Tier 1 capital is primarily comprised of CET1 capital, perpetual preferred stock, and certain qualifying capital instruments. 
 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio, equal to the ratio of total capital, including CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and Tier 2 capital, to risk-weighted assets. Tier 2 capital primarily includes qualifying subordinated debt and qualifying ALLL. Tier 2 capital also includes, among other things, certain trust preferred securities. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 7 

Under the FRB s capital framework for BHCs, Truist is subject to capital requirements, including the SCB, that are determined from the supervisory stress test results. The SCB is equal to the greater of (i) the difference between Truist s starting and minimum projected CET1 capital ratios under the severely adverse scenario in the supervisory stress test, plus the sum of the dollar amount of its planned common stock dividends for each of the fourth through seventh quarters of the planning horizon as a percentage of risk-weighted assets, or (ii) 2.5 . The FRB assigned Truist an SCB of 2.5 , which is effective from October 1, 2022 to September 30, 2023, at which point a revised SCB will be calculated and provided to Truist. Truist is required to describe its planned capital actions in its CCAR capital plan, but is no longer required to seek prior approval if it makes capital distributions in excess of those included in its CCAR capital plan. Instead, Truist is subject to automatic distribution limitations if its capital ratios fall below its buffer requirements, which include the SCB. 
 
 For certain large banking organizations, the SCB could be supplemented by a countercyclical capital buffer of up to an additional 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. This buffer is currently set at zero. An FRB policy statement establishes the framework and factors the FRB would use in setting and adjusting the amount of the countercyclical capital buffer. Covered banking organizations would generally have 12 months after the announcement of any increase in the countercyclical capital buffer to meet the increased buffer requirement, unless the FRB determines to establish an earlier effective date. If the full countercyclical buffer amount is implemented, Truist and Truist Bank would be required to maintain a CET1 capital ratio of at least 9.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 11.0 , and a Total capital ratio of at least 13.0 to avoid limitations on capital distributions and certain discretionary incentive compensation payments. 
 
 Certain large banking organizations with trading assets and liabilities above certain thresholds, including Truist, are subject to the Market Risk Rule and must adjust their risk-based capital ratios to reflect the market risk of their trading activities. Refer to the Market Risk section of the MD A for additional disclosures related to market risk management. 
 
 Truist and Truist Bank are subject to a Tier 1 leverage ratio, equal to the ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average assets, net of goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and certain other deductions. Category III banking organizations are also subject to a minimum 3.0 supplementary leverage ratio. The supplementary leverage ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by total leverage exposure, which takes into account on-balance sheet assets as well as certain off-balance sheet items, including loan commitments and potential future exposure of derivative contracts. 
 
 The FRB has not yet revised the well-capitalized standard for BHCs to reflect capital requirements imposed under the Basel III Rules. For purposes of certain FRB rules, including determining whether a BHC meets the requirements to be a FHC, BHCs, such as Truist, must maintain a Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio of 6.0 or greater and a Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio of 10.0 or greater to meet the well-capitalized minimum. The FRB may require BHCs, including Truist, to maintain capital ratios in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and a BHC s particular condition, risk profile, and growth plans. In September 2022, the FRB, FDIC, and OCC announced that they are developing a joint proposed rule to implement enhanced regulatory capital standards that align with those included in the Basel III Rules and plan to seek public input on the new capital standards as soon as possible. Refer to the Capital section in MD A for disclosures containing the minimum regulatory capital ratios and well-capitalized minimum ratios applicable to Category III banking organizations. 
 
 In 2020, the U.S. banking agencies adopted a final rule that permitted banking organizations to elect to delay temporarily the implementation of CECL until January 2022 and subsequently to phase in the effects of CECL on regulatory capital through January 2025, which Truist elected to use. Under the five-year transition, Truist deferred for two years 100 of the day-one effect of adopting CECL and 25 of the cumulative increase or decrease in the allowance for credit losses since adoption of CECL. Following the first two years, Truist began to phase in the aggregate capital effects over the next three years consistent with the transition in the original three-year transition rule. 
 
 Capital Planning and Stress Testing Requirements 
 
 In addition to the regulatory capital requirements, under the FRB s CCAR process, Truist must submit an annual capital plan to the FRB that reflects its projected financial performance under hypothetical macro-economic scenarios, including a supervisory severely adverse scenario provided by the FRB. 
 
 The FRB s CCAR framework and the Dodd-Frank Act stress testing framework also require BHCs subject to Category III standards, such as Truist, to conduct company-run stress tests and submit to supervisory stress tests conducted by the FRB. The company-run stress tests employ stress scenarios provided by the FRB and incorporate the Dodd-Frank Act capital actions, which are intended to normalize capital distribution assumptions across large U.S. BHCs. In addition, Truist is required to conduct annual stress tests using internally-developed scenarios intended to stress the unique risk profile of the institution. The FRB also conducts CCAR and Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress tests employing internal supervisory models on the supervisory stress scenarios. As a Category III banking organization, Truist is subject to supervisory stress testing on an annual basis and company-run stress testing on a biennial basis. 
 
 8 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist is required to submit its next capital plan and the results of its own stress tests to the FRB by April 5, 2023. The FRB is required to announce the results of its supervisory stress tests by June 30, 2023. 
 
 In addition to the CCAR stress testing for Truist, Truist Bank conducts company-run stress tests on an annual basis, while only required biennially. 
 
 Liquidity Requirements 
 
 Certain BHCs and their bank subsidiaries, including Truist and Truist Bank, are subject to a minimum LCR. The LCR is designed to ensure that BHCs have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to survive a significant liquidity stress event lasting for 30 calendar days. 
 
 Truist also is subject to FRB rules that require certain large BHCs to conduct internal liquidity stress tests over a range of time horizons, maintain a buffer of highly liquid assets sufficient to meet projected net outflows under the BHC s 30-day liquidity stress test, and maintain a contingency funding plan that meets certain requirements. 
 
 In July 2021, Truist became subject to final rules implementing the NSFR, which are designed to ensure that banking organizations maintain a stable, long-term funding profile in relation to their asset composition and off-balance sheet activities. The NSFR, calculated as the ratio of available stable funding to required stable funding, must exceed 1.0x. Available stable funding represents a weighted measure of a company s funding sources over a one-year time horizon, calculated by applying standardized weightings to the company s equity and liabilities based on their expected stability. Required Stable Funding is calculated by applying standardized weightings to assets, derivatives exposures and certain other items based on their liquidity characteristics. As a Category III banking organization, Truist and Truist Bank are subject to an NSFR requirement equal to 85 of the full requirement. 
 
 Payment of Dividends 
 
 The Parent Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries, and it depends in part upon dividends received from its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Truist Bank, to fund its activities, including its ability to make capital distributions, such as paying dividends or repurchasing shares. Under federal law, there are various limitations on the extent to which Truist Bank can declare and pay dividends to the Parent Company, including those related to regulatory capital requirements, general regulatory oversight to prevent unsafe or unsound practices, and federal banking law requirements concerning the payment of dividends out of net profits, surplus, and available earnings. Certain contractual restrictions also may limit the ability of Truist Bank to pay dividends to the Parent Company. No assurances can be given that Truist Bank will, in any circumstances, pay dividends to the Parent Company. 
 
 The Parent Company s ability to declare and pay dividends is similarly limited by federal banking law and FRB regulations and policy. The FRB has authority to prohibit BHCs from making capital distributions if they would be deemed to be an unsafe or unsound practice. The FRB has indicated generally that it may be an unsafe or unsound practice for BHCs to pay dividends unless a BHC s net income is sufficient to fund the dividends and the expected rate of earnings retention is consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. In addition, the Parent Company s ability to make capital distributions, including paying dividends and repurchasing capital securities, is subject to the FRB s automatic restrictions on capital distributions under the FRB s capital rules. Truist s risk-based capital and leverage ratio requirements are discussed above in the Capital Requirements section. 
 
 North Carolina law provides that, as long as a bank does not make distributions that reduce its capital below its applicable required capital, the board of directors of a bank chartered under the laws of North Carolina may declare such distributions as the directors deem proper. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 
 The federal banking agencies are required to take prompt corrective action with respect to FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. The law establishes five categories for this purpose: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. To be considered well-capitalized, an IDI must maintain minimum capital ratios and must not be subject to any order or written directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. An institution that fails to remain well-capitalized becomes subject to a series of restrictions that increase in severity as its capital condition weakens. Such restrictions may include a prohibition on capital distributions, restrictions on asset growth, or restrictions on the ability to receive regulatory approval of applications. The regulations apply only to banks and not to BHCs. However, the FRB is authorized to take appropriate action at the holding company level, based on the undercapitalized status of the holding company s subsidiary banking institutions. In certain instances relating to an undercapitalized banking institution, the BHC, in its capacity as a source of strength would be required to guarantee the performance of the undercapitalized subsidiary s capital restoration plan and could be liable for civil money damages for failure to fulfill those guarantee commitments. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 9 

In addition, failure to meet capital requirements may cause an institution to be directed to raise additional capital. Federal law further mandates that the agencies adopt safety and soundness standards generally relating to operations and management, asset quality and executive compensation, and authorizes administrative action against an institution that fails to meet such standards. Failure to meet capital guidelines may subject a banking organization to a variety of other enforcement remedies, including additional substantial restrictions on its operations and activities, termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC and, under certain conditions, the appointment of a conservator or receiver. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 There are various legal restrictions on the extent to which Truist and its non-bank subsidiaries may borrow or otherwise engage in certain types of transactions with Truist Bank. Under the Federal Reserve Act and FRB regulations, Truist Bank and its subsidiaries are subject to quantitative and qualitative limits on extensions of credit, purchases of assets, and certain other transactions involving its non-bank affiliates. In addition, transactions between Truist Bank and its non-bank affiliates are required to be on arm s length terms and must be consistent with standards of safety and soundness. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 Truist is subject to numerous laws that may require regulatory approval for acquisitions. For example, under the BHCA, a BHC may not directly or indirectly acquire ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares or substantially all of the assets of any BHC or bank or merge or consolidate with another BHC without the prior approval of the FRB. The BHCA and other federal laws enumerate the factors the FRB must consider when reviewing the merger of BHCs, the acquisition of banks or the acquisition of voting securities of a bank or BHC. These factors include the competitive effects of the proposal in the relevant geographic markets; the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the companies and banks involved in the transaction; the effect of the transaction on the financial stability of the United States; the organizations compliance with anti-money laundering laws and regulations; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served; and the records of performance under the CRA of the IDIs involved in the transaction. 
 
 Federal law authorizes interstate acquisitions of banks and BHCs without geographic limitation, and a bank headquartered in one state is authorized to merge with a bank headquartered in another state, subject to market share limitations, regulatory approvals and any state requirement that the target bank shall have been in existence and operating for a minimum period of time. The market share limitations impose conditions that the acquiring BHC, after and as a result of the acquisition, control no more than 10 of the total amount of deposits of IDIs in the U.S. and no more than 30 , subject to variation by state law, of such deposits in applicable states. FRB rules also prohibit a FHC from combining with another company if the resulting company s liabilities would exceed 10 of the aggregate consolidated liabilities of all financial companies. 
 
 After a bank has established branches in a state through an interstate merger transaction, the bank may establish and acquire additional branches at any location in the state where a bank headquartered in that state could have established or acquired branches under applicable federal or state law. These regulatory considerations are applicable to privately negotiated acquisition transactions. 
 
 The standards by which bank and financial institution acquisitions are evaluated are under review. Among other things, in July 2021, an executive order was issued on competition that requires the banking agencies to review the standards for bank mergers, and the Department of Justice has announced that it is reviewing its bank merger guidelines. In March 2022, the FDIC requested information and public input on all aspects of the existing regulatory framework that applies to bank merger transactions. Additionally, some members of Congressional leadership are closely tracking the standards for bank mergers and can be expected to engage in hearings and public statements in connection with any pending or future merger activity. These reviews and engagements could change the standards for bank mergers. 
 
 Other Safety and Soundness Regulations 
 
 The FRB has supervisory and enforcement powers over BHCs and their nonbanking subsidiaries. The FRB has authority to prohibit activities that represent unsafe or unsound practices or constitute violations of law, rule, regulation, administrative order, or written agreement with a federal regulator. These powers may be exercised through the issuance of confidential supervisory actions, cease and desist orders, civil monetary penalties, or other actions. 
 
 There also are a number of obligations and restrictions imposed on BHCs and their IDI subsidiaries by federal law and regulatory policy that are designed to reduce potential loss exposure to depositors and the DIF in the event the IDI is insolvent or is in danger of becoming insolvent. For example, the FRB requires a BHC to serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary IDIs and to commit financial resources to support such institutions in circumstances where it might not do so otherwise. 
 
 10 Truist Financial Corporation 

Banking regulators also have broad supervisory and enforcement powers over Truist Bank, including the power to impose confidential supervisory actions, fines and other civil and criminal penalties, and to appoint a receiver in order to conserve the assets of Truist Bank for the benefit of depositors and other creditors. The NCCOB also has the authority to take possession of a North Carolina state bank in certain circumstances, including when it appears that such bank has violated its charter or any applicable laws, is conducting its business in an unauthorized or unsafe manner, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to transact its business or has an impairment of its capital stock. 
 
 DIF Assessments 
 
 Truist Bank s deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable limits, which is currently 250,000 per account ownership type. The FDIC imposes a risk-based deposit premium assessment system that determines assessment rates for an IDI based on an assessment rate calculator, which is based on a number of elements to measure the risk each IDI poses to the DIF. The assessment rate is applied to total average assets less tangible equity, as defined under the Dodd-Frank Act. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. Under the current system, premiums are assessed quarterly. 
 
 The FDIC, as required under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, established a plan in September 2020 to restore the DIF reserve ratio to meet or exceed the statutory minimum of 1.35 within eight years. This plan did not include an increase in the deposit insurance assessment rate. Based on the FDIC s recent projections, however, the FDIC determined that the DIF reserve ratio is at risk of not reaching the statutory minimum by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028 without increasing the deposit insurance assessment rates. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning on January 1, 2023. This rule is expected to increase Truist s regulatory premiums by approximately 100 million annually. The FDIC also concurrently maintained the Designated Reserve Ratio for the DIF at 2 . 
 
 Consumer Protection Laws and Regulations 
 
 In connection with its lending and leasing activities, Truist Bank is subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect borrowers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population. The CFPB examines Truist and Truist Bank for compliance with a broad range of federal consumer financial laws and regulations, including the laws and regulations that relate to deposit products, credit card, mortgage, automobile, student, and other consumer loans, and other consumer financial products and services offered. The federal consumer financial protection laws that are subject to the CFPB s supervision and enforcement powers include, among others, the Truth in Lending Act, Truth in Savings Act, HMDA, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Electronic Funds Transfer Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and Fair Housing Act. The CFPB also has authority to take enforcement actions to prevent and remedy acts and practices relating to consumer financial products and services that it deems to be unfair, deceptive, or abusive, and to impose new disclosure requirements for any consumer financial product or service. 
 
 The CFPB may issue regulations that impact products and services offered by Truist or Truist Bank. The regulations could reduce the fees that Truist receives, alter the way Truist provides its products and services, or expose Truist to greater risk of private litigation or regulatory enforcement action. 
 
 Patriot Act 
 
 The Patriot Act is intended to strengthen the ability of U.S. law enforcement agencies and intelligence communities to cooperate in the prevention, detection, and prosecution of international money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The Patriot Act contains anti-money laundering measures affecting IDIs, broker-dealers and certain other financial institutions. The Patriot Act includes the International Money Laundering Abatement and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001, which requires such financial institutions to implement policies and procedures to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorism and grants the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury broad authority to establish regulations and to impose requirements and restrictions on financial institutions operations. The Patriot Act imposes substantial obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and processes to detect, prevent, and report money laundering, terrorist financing, and other financial crimes. Failure to comply with these regulations may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, reputational damage, or restrictions on business. In addition, the Patriot Act requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to consider the effectiveness of a financial institution s anti-money laundering activities when reviewing bank mergers and BHC acquisitions. 
 
 BSA/AML and Sanctions 
 
 Truist continues to be subject to examinations and ongoing monitoring to assess compliance with BSA/AML laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are designed to protect the financial system by requiring financial institutions to develop and implement BSA/AML programs designed to detect, deter, and prevent the use of the financial system to facilitate the funding of illicit and criminal activities. In addition, Truist is also subject to prohibitions with respect to engaging in financial transactions with certain individuals, entities, and countries as prohibited by the OFAC regulator of the U.S. Treasury. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 11 

Federal law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal financial institution regulators, OFAC and law enforcement agencies with respect to AML laws and regulations. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against financial institutions and institution-affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. 
 
 Privacy, Data Protection, and Cyber Security 
 
 Various federal and state laws and regulations contain extensive data privacy and cybersecurity provisions, and the regulatory framework for data privacy and cybersecurity is rapidly evolving. The FRB, FDIC, and other bank regulatory agencies have adopted guidelines for safeguarding confidential, personal customer information. These guidelines require each financial institution, under the supervision and ongoing oversight of its board of directors or an appropriate committee thereof, to create, implement, and maintain a comprehensive written information security program designed to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such information and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. In addition, various U.S. regulators, including the FRB and the SEC, have increased their focus on cyber security through guidance, examinations, and regulations. 
 
 At the federal level, the GLBA requires financial institutions to implement policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of nonpublic personal information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. In general, the statute requires explanations to consumers on policies and procedures regarding the disclosure of such nonpublic personal information and, except as otherwise required by law, prohibits disclosing such personal information except as provided in the banking subsidiary s policies and procedures. 
 
 In addition, in November 2021, the FRB, OCC, and FDIC adopted a new regulation that, among other things, requires a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulators within 36 hours after identifying a computer-security incident that the banking organization believes in good faith could materially disrupt or degrade its business or operations in a manner that would, among other things, jeopardize the viability of its operations, result in customers being unable to access their deposit and other accounts, result in a material loss of revenue, profit or franchise value, or pose a threat to the financial stability of the U.S. 
 
 States are also increasingly proposing or enacting legislation that relates to data privacy and data protection such as the California Consumer Privacy Act. Truist has undertaken significant efforts to comply with these laws and continues to assess their requirements and applicability to Truist. These laws and proposed legislation are still subject to revision or formal guidance and may be interpreted or applied in a manner inconsistent with the Company s understanding. California voters also recently passed the California Privacy Rights Act, which became effective on January 1, 2023, and significantly modifies the California Consumer Privacy Act, including by imposing additional obligations on covered companies and expanding California consumers rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information, potentially resulting in further uncertainty and requiring Truist to incur additional costs to comply. Truist may be subject to similar laws in other states where Truist does business or in states where Truist may collect personal information of residents. 
 
 In addition, the promulgation in 2017 of the New York Department of Financial Services Cybersecurity Regulation, which was proposed to be updated in November 2022, and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners Insurance Data Security Model Law are driving significant cybersecurity compliance activities for Truist. Both of these regulations include phased compliance periods as well as attestation of compliance by Truist. 
 
 Like other lenders, Truist Bank uses credit bureau data in its underwriting activities. The Fair Credit Reporting Act regulates reporting information to credit bureaus, prescreening individuals for credit offers, sharing of information between affiliates, and using affiliate data for marketing purposes. Similar state laws may impose additional requirements on Truist Bank. Truist is also subject to rules and regulations issued by the Federal Trade Commission, which regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including with respect to data privacy and cybersecurity. Moreover, the U.S. Congress has recently considered, and is currently considering various proposals for more comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity legislation, to which we may be subject if passed. 
 
 CRA 
 
 The CRA requires Truist Bank s primary federal bank regulatory agency, the FDIC, to assess the bank s record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the bank, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods and persons. Institutions are assigned one of four ratings: Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve, or Substantial Noncompliance. This assessment is considered for any bank that applies to merge or consolidate with or acquire the assets or assume the liabilities of an IDI, or to open or relocate a branch office. The CRA record of each subsidiary bank of a FHC also is assessed by the FRB in connection with reviewing any proposed acquisition or merger application. For its most recent CRA examination period, Truist received the highest possible overall rating of Outstanding from the FDIC. 
 
 12 Truist Financial Corporation 

In June 2022, the FRB, FDIC, and OCC issued a joint proposal to amend their regulations implementing the CRA. The proposed rules would materially revise the current CRA framework, including new assessment area requirements, new methods of calculating credit for lending, investment and service activities, and additional data collection and reporting requirements. The proposed rule included analysis indicating a significant increase in the thresholds for large banks to receive Outstanding ratings in the future. 
 
 Automated Overdraft Payment Regulation 
 
 There are federal consumer protection laws related to automated overdraft payment programs offered by financial institutions. The CFPB prohibits financial institutions from charging consumers fees for paying overdrafts on automated teller machine and one-time debit card transactions, unless a consumer consents, or opts in, to the overdraft service. Financial institutions must also provide consumers with a notice that explains the financial institution s overdraft services, including the associated fees and the consumer s choices. In addition, FDIC-supervised institutions must monitor overdraft payment programs for excessive or chronic client use and undertake meaningful and effective follow-up action with clients that overdraw their accounts more than six times during a rolling 12-month period. Financial institutions must also impose daily limits on overdraft charges, review and modify check-clearing procedures, prominently distinguish account balances from available overdraft coverage amounts, and ensure board and management oversight regarding overdraft payment programs. In 2022, Truist launched a new approach to the checking account experience, designed to address clients direct feedback, which includes no overdraft fees. 
 
 Volcker Rule 
 
 Truist is prohibited under the Volcker Rule from (i) engaging in proprietary trading activities, and (ii) having certain ownership interests in and relationships with covered private funds. The fundamental prohibitions of the Volcker Rule apply to banking entities of any size, including Truist and its affiliates. The Volcker Rule regulations contain exemptions or exclusions, including for market-making, hedging, underwriting, trading in U.S. government and agency obligations and also permit certain ownership interests in certain types of funds. They also permit the offering and sponsoring of funds under certain conditions. The Volcker Rule regulations impose significant compliance obligations on banking entities. Truist has put in place the compliance programs required by the Volcker Rule and has either divested or received extensions for any holdings in illiquid funds. 
 
 Regulatory Regime for Swaps 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act established a comprehensive regulatory regime for the OTC swaps market, aimed at increasing transparency, and reducing systemic risk in the derivatives markets, including requirements for central clearing, exchange trading, capital adequacy, margin, reporting, and recordkeeping. The Dodd-Frank Act requires that certain swap dealers and security-based swap dealers register with one or both of the SEC and CFTC, depending on the nature of the swaps business. Truist Bank provisionally registered with the CFTC as a swap dealer, subjecting Truist Bank to requirements under the CFTC s regulatory regime, including trade reporting and recordkeeping requirements, business conduct requirements (including daily valuations, disclosure of material risks associated with swaps and disclosure of material incentives and conflicts of interest), and mandatory clearing and exchange trading requirements for certain standardized swaps designated by the CFTC. The NFA is the primary self-regulatory organization for Truist s swap dealer. 
 
 In November 2021, Truist Bank conditionally registered with the SEC as a security-based swap dealer. As a result, Truist Bank s security-based swaps business is now subject to requirements that are similar to the CFTC rules applicable to swap dealers, including trade reporting, business conduct standards, recordkeeping, and clearing and exchange trading requirements. 
 
 Truist Bank s uncleared swaps and security-based swaps are subject to variation margin and initial margin requirements, which have been fully phased-in across the industry as of September 2022. 
 
 Broker-Dealer and Investment Adviser Regulation 
 
 Truist s broker-dealer and investment adviser subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the SEC. FINRA is the primary self-regulatory organization for Truist s registered broker-dealer subsidiaries. Truist s broker-dealer and investment adviser subsidiaries also are subject to additional regulation by states or local jurisdictions. The SEC and FINRA have active enforcement functions that oversee broker-dealers and investment advisers and can bring actions that result in fines, restitution, a limitation on permitted activities, disqualification to continue to conduct certain activities and an inability to rely on certain favorable exemptions. Certain types of infractions and violations also can affect Truist s ability to issue new securities expeditiously. In addition, certain changes in the activities of a broker-dealer require approval from FINRA, and FINRA takes into account a variety of considerations in acting upon applications for such approval, including internal controls, capital levels, management experience and quality, prior enforcement and disciplinary history, and supervisory concerns. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 13 

FDIC Recordkeeping Requirements 
 
 Truist is subject to certain enhanced deposit insurance recordkeeping requirements adopted by the FDIC. To facilitate prompt payment of FDIC-insured deposits when large IDIs fail, FDIC rules require IDIs with two million or more deposit accounts to maintain complete and accurate data on each depositor s ownership interest by right and capacity and to develop the capability to calculate the insured and uninsured amounts for each deposit owner by ownership right and capacity. 
 
 Tax Regulation 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was signed into law effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The Company continues to analyze the impacts of the Inflation Reduction Act on its future results of operations but does not currently expect that the Inflation Reduction Act will have a material impact on its financial statements. 
 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 
 Truist is subject to examinations by federal and state banking regulators, as well as the SEC, CFTC, FINRA, NFA, various taxing authorities, and various state insurance and securities regulators. Truist periodically receives requests for information on business and accounting practices from regulatory authorities in various states, including state insurance commissions and state attorneys general, securities regulators, and other regulatory authorities. Such requests are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 Truist works as One Team unified by its purpose, mission, and values to deliver real care by meeting clients needs, uplifting communities, and empowering teammates. Truist recognizes that attracting the best talent, making investments in teammates, caring to better understand their backgrounds and experiences, and helping to bolster their career trajectory ultimately leads to more engaged and productive teammates, which can contribute to better business outcomes for Truist overall. Truist aims to provide teammates an inclusive and energizing environment that empowers teammates to learn, grow, and have meaningful careers. 
 
 Truist s Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversees Truist s compensation and benefit programs consistent with its compensation philosophy. The Committee provides oversight on Truist s human capital strategy (including DEI, teammate engagement, and talent development) that supports attracting, developing, and retaining qualified teammates. 
 
 Truist s Enterprise Ethics Risk Office partners with a broad group of internal stakeholders to set standards for teammate conduct and facilitate the timely intake and routing of teammate concerns for review. As part of that effort, the team seeks to identify trends that may reflect on organizational culture and/or operational challenges and to develop solutions. The results of these efforts are regularly shared with Truist s Executive-Level Ethics, Business Practices, and Conduct Committee and its Board of Directors. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of teammates as of December 31, 2022: Table 3: Teammate Summary # of Teammates of Population Full-Time 52,848 95.9 Part-Time 2,278 4.1 Total 55,126 100.0 
 
 Truist also leverages a skilled contingent workforce, which is not reflected in the table, as an important part of the Company s overall workforce strategy. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 
 Truist remains committed to further building a culture where teammates feel a sense of belonging and can bring their authentic selves to work daily. DEI is instrumental to and embedded across our business. Truist has a dedicated DEI Office that oversees the company s DEI strategy, objectives, and shared execution across the enterprise. The Truist DEI Office partners closely with various internal stakeholders to develop tools, resources, and programs to further support the commitments to attracting, developing, and advancing diverse talent across all levels, embedding DEI in Truist s business strategies, and further investing in diverse communities. 
 
 14 Truist Financial Corporation 

Teammate diversity continues to be a leading priority for Truist. Ethnic diversity within leadership populations has historically been underrepresented across financial services companies. The Company aspired to increase ethnically diverse representation among senior leadership positions to 15 ; this was surpassed with ethnically diverse teammates holding 17.2 of senior leadership positions as of December 31, 2022. Truist remains committed to increasing all dimensions of diversity across our teammate population and all levels within the organization. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of diversity statistics as of December 31, 2021 using the category classifications on the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission s EEO-1 report, which differ from those recognized internally by Truist. Truist s leadership diversity commitment was based on Truist s internal senior leader category. The Truist senior leader category is made up of a broader population than the EEO-1 Executive/Senior-Level Manager category. Table 4: Teammate Diversity (1) Gender Race / Ethnicity Female Male Caucasian Black/African American Hispanic or Latino Asian American Indian/Alaska Native Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Executive Leadership senior leaders 28.6 71.4 80.9 7.3 4.5 5.5 0.5 1.3 First / mid-level managers 52.3 47.7 74.0 12.1 7.0 4.7 0.3 0.2 1.7 Professionals 45.9 54.1 71.4 12.3 5.1 9.2 0.4 0.1 1.5 All others 77.3 22.7 54.1 24.5 13.8 4.0 0.8 0.4 2.4 All teammates 63.5 36.5 62.7 18.7 10.0 5.7 0.6 0.3 2.0 
 (1) Source: EEO-1 data as of December 31, 2021. All others includes sales workers and administrative support EEO-1 job categories. 
 
 Talent Development and Engagement 
 
 Truist teammates have access to extensive programs and benefits for career advancement. Teammates can partner with a certified coach to help them identify and focus on potential career paths, create clear goals, and remain accountable in achieving those goals. For teammates who qualify, Truist also provides tuition assistance so teammates can continue formal education by seeking degrees that align with career goals and/or develop needed emerging skills through our Future Skills program. Truist offers career and job transparency through a comprehensive set of resources including career discovery and career planning online services. Truist is committed to achieving a career destination culture through career mobility and pipeline strategies and programs. 
 
 In addition to career development opportunities, Truist provides a differentiated learning experience to new and existing teammates, including onboarding training to prepare new teammates through learning content libraries for individual development needs. Truist provides a wide range of forums for learning that include relevant current trends and emerging skills in the marketplace. 
 
 Truist also has a Leadership Institute, a differentiator where Truist creates positive outcomes through developmental experiences, team optimization, executive coaching, and leadership development. Truist Leadership Institute leverages a personalized, collaborative approach that is rooted in the knowledge and application of psychology and neuroscience to human behavior in business. Truist strives to succeed in maximizing the potential in every individual and instilling values and behaviors that create a strong culture of leadership. 
 
 Similar to learning and development, listening to teammates is one of the many ways Truist demonstrates its value of Caring. In addition to Employee Engagement and Pulse surveys, Truist takes a holistic approach to teammate listening by providing multiple, always-on channels to collect feedback and gain insight. These insights often help inform the attraction and retention strategies that enable Truist to remain an employer of choice. 
 
 Compensation and Total Rewards 
 
 Truist s Compensation and Total Rewards enable its Purpose, Mission, and Values, specifically Truist s mission to create an inclusive and energizing environment that empowers teammates. Truist places special emphasis on providing compensation and benefits that help foster an environment of economic security and social mobility for its teammates. 
 
 Truist s Total Rewards build better lives for teammates today and in the future 
 As teammates grow and develop meaningful careers, their compensation and long-term earning potential grows 
 Truist s Total Rewards promote the value of Caring 
 Truist s pay for performance approach ensures that when clients win, teammates win 
 
 As part of its comprehensive total rewards program, Truist increased its minimum U.S. hourly pay rate for eligible roles to 22 effective October 1, 2022. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 15 

Truist s benefits program for qualified teammates include a company-funded defined benefit pension plan, a 401(k) Plan, an employee stock purchase plan, Truist Momentum financial well-being education, healthcare and insurance benefits, Lifeforce lifestyle program, well-being and mental well-being support, paid time off, teammate and family resources such as child-care centers and family care resources, tuition assistance, and on-site services such as health centers and fitness centers. A detailed overview on all of the benefits Truist offers can be found on Truist s Benefits website, Benefits.Truist.com . 
 
 Truist provides market competitive total rewards to attract and retain talent while enabling Truist s short- and long-term performance. Truist provides compensation and rewards that aim to achieve positive business results, are based on market and internal assessment, and are aligned with risk management principles. Truist conducts annual studies, factoring teammates roles, levels of experience, and geography. Based on Truist s 2022 pay equity study, the average salary of female teammates is 98 of male teammates, and the average salary of racially diverse teammates is 100 of non-racially diverse teammates. 
 
 Website Access to Truist s Filings with the SEC 
 
 Truist s electronic filings with the SEC, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as amended, are made available at no cost on the Company s Investor Relations website, IR.Truist.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after Truist files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. Truist s SEC filings are also available through the SEC s website at sec.gov . 
 
 Corporate Governance 
 
 Information with respect to Truist s Board of Directors, Executive Officers and corporate governance policies and principles is presented on Truist s Investor Relations website, IR.Truist.com . Specifically, the Company makes available on its Investor Relations website, under the heading Governance Responsibility (i) its code of ethics for the Board, senior financial officers, and teammates, (ii) its Corporate Governance Guidelines, and (iii) the charters of the Company s Board committees. If the Company makes changes in, or provides waivers from, the provisions of its code of ethics that the SEC requires it to disclose, the Company intends to disclose these events in the Governance Responsibility section of its Investor Relations website. 
 16 Truist Financial Corporation 

Executive Officers Executive Officer Recent Work Experience Years of Service Age William H. Rogers, Jr. 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Chairman since March 2022. Chief Executive Officer since September 2021. President and Chief Operating Officer from December 2019 to September 2021. Previously SunTrust Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from January 2012 to December 2019. 
 42 65 Michael B. Maguire 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer since September 2022. Chief National Consumer Finance Services and Payments Officer from September 2021 to September 2022. Head of National Consumer Finance and Payments from December 2019 to August 2021. Previously SunTrust Enterprise Partnerships and Investments Executive. 20 44 Scott Case 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer 
 Chief Information Officer since December 2019. Previously SunTrust Chief Information Officer since February 2018. Chief Information Officer at Ciox Health from 2017 to 2018. 
 7 52 Denise M. DeMaio 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Audit Officer 
 Chief Audit Officer since February 2022. Managing Director and Chief Audit Executive, The Americas, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. from July 2016 to February 2022. 
 1 59 Hugh S. (Beau) Cummins, III 
 Vice Chair 
 Vice Chair since September 2021. Head of the Corporate and Institutional Group from December 2019 to August 2021. Previously SunTrust Co-Chief Operating Officer and Wholesale Segment Executive since February 2018. SunTrust Corporate Executive Vice President and Wholesale Segment Executive from 2017 to February 2018. 
 17 60 Ellen M. Fitzsimmons 
 Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, and Head of Public Affairs 
 Chief Legal Officer and Head of Public Affairs since September 2021. Chief Legal Officer and Head of Enterprise Diversity from December 2019 to August 2021. Previously SunTrust General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since January 2018. 
 5 62 Kimberly Moore-Wright, 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Teammate Officer and Head of Enterprise Diversity 
 Chief Teammate Officer and Head of Enterprise Diversity since September 2021. Chief Human Resources Officer from December 2019 to August 2021. Director of Marketing and Digital Sales from January 2016 to November 2019. 
 27 49 Clarke R. Starnes III 
 Vice Chair and Chief Risk Officer 
 Vice Chair since September 2022. Chief Risk Officer since July 2009. 
 40 63 Joseph M. Thompson 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Wealth Officer 
 Chief Wealth Officer since September 2021. Head of Truist Wealth from December 2019 to August 2021. Previously SunTrust Head of Private Wealth Management from August 2014 to December 2019. 
 29 56 David H. Weaver 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Community Banking Officer 
 Chief Commercial Community Banking Officer since September 2021. Head of Commercial Community Banking from December 2019 to August 2021. President, Community Banking from December 2016 to December 2019. 
 27 56 Dont L. Wilson 
 Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Retail Small Business Banking Officer 
 Chief Retail Small Business Banking Officer since March 2022. Chief Digital and Client Experience Officer from November 2018 to March 2022. Chief Client Experience Officer from August 2016 to November 2018. 
 24 46 
 Reflects combined years of service at Truist and SunTrust. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 17 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Market Risks 
 
 Changes in interest rates could adversely affect revenue and expenses, the value of assets and liabilities, as well as the availability and cost of capital, and liquidity. 
 The monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. federal government could have a material adverse effect on profitability. 
 Inflation could negatively impact our business, our profitability, and our stock price. 
 Financial results, lending or other business activities could be materially affected by a deterioration of economic conditions. 
 Instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 The replacement of LIBOR could adversely affect Truist s profitability and financial condition. 
 
 Credit Risks 
 
 The Company is subject to credit risk by lending, committing to lend money, or entering into a letter of credit or other types of contracts with counterparties. 
 The Company may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent that loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral. 
 The Company may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions. 
 
 Liquidity Risks 
 
 Loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase Truist s funding costs. 
 Truist s liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access short-term funding, an unforeseen outflow of cash, or the inability to monetize liquid assets. 
 Truist relies on the mortgage secondary market and GSEs for some of the Company s liquidity. 
 Any reduction in the Company s credit ratings could increase the Company s cost of funding or reduce its access to the capital markets. 
 The Parent Company could have less access to funding sources and its liquidity could be constrained if the Bank becomes unable to pay dividends during a time of stress. 
 Truist may be impacted by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 
 Technology Risks 
 
 The Company faces cybersecurity risks, including denial of service, phishing, malware and ransomware attacks, potential insider threats, and third-party cybersecurity incidents, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect the Company s operations, cause reputational damage, and create significant legal and financial exposure. 
 The Company s operational capabilities managed or supplied by third parties could fail, be compromised, or be breached, which could disrupt the Company s business and adversely impact the Company s results of operations, and financial condition, as well as cause legal exposure or reputational harm. 
 Truist will continually encounter technological change and must effectively anticipate, develop, and implement new technology. 
 The Company faces risks associated with quality, availability, and retention of key data for operational, strategic, regulatory, and compliance purposes. 
 
 Other External Risks 
 
 The effects of COVID-19 adversely impacted the Company s operations and financial performance and similar adverse impacts resulting from pandemics could occur in future periods. 
 Physical, transition, or other risks associated with climate change have the potential to negatively impact operations, business results, and clients. 
 The Company is at risk of increased losses from fraud. 
 Natural disasters and other catastrophic events, which may increase in frequency and intensity due to climate change, could have a material adverse impact on the Company s operations or the Company s financial condition and results. 
 An outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region could have a material adverse effect on the U.S. economy and on Truist s businesses. 
 
 18 Truist Financial Corporation 

Compliance Risks 
 
 Truist is subject to extensive and evolving government regulation and supervision, which could increase the cost of doing business, limit Truist s ability to make investments and generate revenue, and lead to costly enforcement actions. 
 Truist is subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect the Company s business, operations, and ability to pay dividends, or otherwise return capital to shareholders. 
 Truist is subject to certain risks related to originating and selling mortgages and may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers. 
 Truist faces risks as a servicer of loans. 
 Truist faces substantial legal and operational risks in safeguarding personal information. 
 Differences in regulation can affect the Company s ability to compete effectively. 
 The Company can face risks of non-compliance and incur higher operational and compliance costs under laws and regulations relating to anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, embargo programs, and anti-corruption. 
 
 Strategic Risks 
 
 Truist may face the risk of financial loss or negative impact resulting from ineffective strategy setting and execution, adverse business decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the external environment. 
 Competition may reduce Truist s client base or cause Truist to modify pricing for products and services. 
 Truist may not be able to complete future mergers or acquisitions. 
 Truist has businesses other than banking that are subject to a variety of risks. 
 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 
 The Company may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, including inadvertent or unintentional violations. 
 Legal proceedings may adversely affect the Company s results, reputation, and business operations. 
 
 Reputational Risks 
 
 Negative public opinion could damage the Company s reputation and adversely impact business and revenues. 
 Scrutiny of the Company s sales, training, and incentive compensation practices could damage the Company s reputation and adversely impact business and revenues. 
 
 Talent Management Risks 
 
 Truist depends on the expertise of key teammates. If these individuals leave or change their roles without effective replacements, operations may suffer. 
 The Company depends on the ability to attract and retain qualified teammates while effectively managing recruiting and compensation costs amid highly competitive and rapidly changing market conditions in order to implement and execute upon business strategies. 
 The Company s operations rely on its ability, and the ability of key external parties, to maintain appropriately staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of employees. 
 
 Risks Related to Estimates and Assumptions 
 
 There are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in Truist s business, which may impact decisions made by Management and regulators. 
 The Company s accounting policies and processes are critical to how the Company reports its financial condition and results of operations and require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain. 
 Depressed market values for the Company s stock and adverse economic conditions sustained over a period of time may require the Company to write down all or some portion of the Company s goodwill. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 19 

Operational Risks 
 
 Truist relies on other companies to provide key components of the Company s business infrastructure. 
 The Company s framework for managing risks may not be effective. 
 Truist depends on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties. 
 Truist can be negatively affected if it fails to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services, and delivery platforms. 
 Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers can result in higher costs and other potential exposures. 

The following discussion sets forth some of the more important risk factors that could materially affect Truist s financial condition and operations. When a risk factor spans several risk categories, the risks have been listed by their primary risk category. The risks described are not all inclusive. Additional risks that are not presently known or risks deemed immaterial may have a material adverse effect on Truist s financial condition, results of operations, business, and prospects. 
 
 Market Risks 
 
 Changes in interest rates could adversely affect revenue and expenses, the value of assets and liabilities, as well as the availability and cost of capital, and liquidity. 
 
 Truist s balance sheet can be sensitive to movements in market interest rates and spreads. In addition to the impact of the general economy, changes in interest rates or in valuations in the debt or equity markets could directly impact the Company in one or more of the following ways: 
 
 The yield on earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities may change in disproportionate ways; or 
 The value of financial instruments held could change adversely. 
 
 National, regional, and local economic conditions, competitive pressures and the policies of regulatory authorities affect interest income and interest expense. When interest rates rise, funding costs may rise faster than the yield the Company earns on assets, causing net interest margin to contract. Higher interest rates may also result in lower mortgage production income and elevated charge-offs in certain categories of the loan portfolio. Conversely, when interest rates fall, the yield the Company earns on assets may fall faster than the Company s ability to lower rates paid on deposits or borrowings. 
 
 Certain investment securities, notably MBS, are very sensitive to changes in rates. Generally, when rates rise, market values will decline, prepayments will decrease and the duration of MBS will increase. Conversely, when rates fall, market values will rise, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of MBS will decrease. 
 
 The monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. federal government could have a material adverse effect on profitability. 
 
 Changes in monetary and fiscal policies, including FRB policies, can adversely affect profitability and cannot be controlled or predicted by the Company. FRB policies can: 
 
 significantly impact the cost of funds, as well as the return on assets, both of which can have an impact on interest income; 
 materially affect the value of financial assets and liabilities; 
 adversely affect borrowers through higher debt servicing costs and potentially increase the risk that they may fail to repay their loan obligations; and 
 artificially inflate asset values during prolonged periods of accommodative policy, which could in turn cause volatile markets and rapidly declining collateral values during times of restrictive monetary and fiscal policies. 
 
 The FRB raised interest rates significantly and began shrinking its balance sheet during 2022 in response to inflation measures that were well above the FRB s two percent target. The Federal Reserve may further increase interest rates in the near term. Sustained higher interest rates and continued FRB asset reductions may adversely affect market stability, market liquidity and the Company s financial performance and condition. Truist cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects such changes may have on the Company s activities and financial results. 
 
 20 Truist Financial Corporation 

Inflation could negatively impact our business, our profitability, and our stock price. 
 
 Prolonged periods of inflation may impact our profitability by negatively impacting our fixed costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expense related to talent acquisition and retention. Additionally, inflation may lead to a decrease in consumer and clients purchasing power and negatively affect the need or demand for our products and services. If significant inflation continues, our business could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased default rates leading to credit losses which could decrease our appetite for new credit extensions. These inflationary pressures could result in missed earnings and budgetary projections causing our stock price to suffer. 
 
 Financial results, lending or other business activities could be materially affected by a deterioration of economic conditions. 
 
 A prolonged period of slow growth in the U.S. economy as a whole or in any regional markets that Truist serves, or any deterioration in economic conditions or the financial markets may disrupt or dampen the economy, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results. 
 
 If economic conditions deteriorate, the Company may see lower demand for loans by creditworthy clients, reducing the Company s interest income. In addition, if unemployment levels increase or if real estate prices decrease, the Company could incur higher charge-offs and may incur higher expenses in connection with adverse conditions in the reasonable and supportable forecasts used to estimate the allowance for credit losses in accordance with CECL requirements. These conditions may adversely affect not only consumer borrowers but also commercial and industrial and commercial real estate borrowers, especially for those businesses that rely on the health of industries or properties that may suffer from deteriorating economic conditions. The ability of these borrowers to repay their loans may be reduced, causing the Company to incur higher credit losses. 
 
 The deterioration of economic conditions also could adversely affect financial results for the Company s fee-based businesses. Truist earns fee income from, among other activities, managing assets for clients, and providing brokerage and other investment advisory and wealth management services. Investment management fees are often based on the value of assets under management and a decrease in the market prices of those assets could reduce the Company s fee income. Changes in stock or fixed income market prices or client preferences could affect the trading activity of investors, reducing commissions and other fees earned from the Company s brokerage business. Poor economic conditions and volatile or unstable financial markets would likely adversely affect the Company s capital markets-related businesses. 
 
 Instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Instability in global economic conditions and geopolitical matters, as well as volatility in financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. The macroeconomic environment in the United States is susceptible to global events and volatility in financial markets. For example, trade negotiations between the U.S. and other nations remain uncertain and could adversely impact economic and market conditions for the Company and its clients and counterparties. The war in Ukraine presents destabilizing forces, including higher and more volatile commodity and food prices, which may cause international and domestic economic deterioration. In addition, global demand for products may exceed supply during the economic recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, and such shortages may cause inflation, adversely impact consumer and business confidence, and adversely affect the economy as well as the Company s financial condition and results. Financial markets may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the war in Ukraine, terrorism, or other geopolitical events. This could magnify inflationary pressure resulting from the pandemic and other sources and extend any prolonged period of higher inflation. 
 
 The replacement of LIBOR could adversely affect Truist s profitability and financial condition. 
 
 A transition away from the widespread use of LIBOR to alternative rates and other potential interest rate benchmark reforms will continue over the course of the next year. The publication of the one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings ceased as of December 31, 2021, while certain U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors are expected to continue to be published until June 30, 2023. 
 
 A group of market participants convened by the FRB, the ARRC, has selected SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. Truist offers SOFR-based lending solutions to wholesale and consumer clients and enters into SOFR-based derivative contracts. The passage of the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act by Congress, and the Federal Reserve s implementing rule, should decrease the risk of contracts that are not remediated prior to the cessation deadline by providing the terms for a transition to SOFR. Truist is also supporting credit sensitive alternatives, such as Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield and other alternatives as they develop in the market. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 21 

SOFR or other alternative reference rates may perform differently than LIBOR in response to changing market conditions. For example, SOFR could experience greater decreases during times of economic stress, which could require the Company to lend at lower rates at times when the Company s borrowing costs are increasing. 
 
 The market transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a range of adverse effects on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. In particular, any such transition could: 
 
 adversely affect the interest rates received or paid on the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of the Company s LIBOR-based assets and liabilities; 
 adversely affect the interest rates received or paid on the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of other securities or financial arrangements, given LIBOR s role in determining market interest rates globally; 
 prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of the Company s preparation and readiness for the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate; and 
 result in disputes, litigation, or other actions with borrowers or counterparties about the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in LIBOR-based contracts and securities. 
 
 The transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates has required the transition to or development of appropriate systems, models, and analytics to effectively transition the Company s risk management and other processes from LIBOR-based products to those based on the applicable alternative reference rate, such as SOFR. Truist has developed a LIBOR transition team and project plan to address the transition. Truist has largely completed its assessment of risks related to the transition from LIBOR and continues its remediation efforts. There can be no guarantee that these efforts will successfully mitigate the operational risks associated with the transition away from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate. 
 
 The manner and impact of the transition from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate, as well as the effect of these developments on the Company s funding costs, loan, investment securities, and derivative portfolios, as well as ALM, is uncertain. 
 
 Credit Risks 
 
 The Company is subject to credit risk by lending, committing to lend money, or entering into a letter of credit or other types of contracts with counterparties. 
 
 Truist incurs credit risk, which is the risk of loss if the Company s borrowers or counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of their contracts. A number of products expose the Company to credit risk, including loans and leases, lending commitments, derivatives, trading assets, and investment securities. Changes in credit quality can have a significant impact on the Company s earnings and capital position. The Company estimates and establishes contractual lifetime reserves for credit risks and credit losses inherent in its determination of credit exposure. This process, which is critical to the Company s financial results and condition, requires complex calculations and extensive use of judgment, considering both external and borrower-specific factors that might impair the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. As is the case with any such assessments, there is always the chance that the Company will fail to identify all pertinent factors or that the Company will fail to accurately estimate the impacts of factors identified. 
 
 Credit losses may exceed the amount of the Company s reserves due to changing economic conditions, falling real estate prices, falling commodity prices, higher unemployment, or other factors such as changes in borrower behavior. There is no assurance that reserves will be sufficient to cover all credit losses. In the event of significant deterioration in current or projected future economic conditions, the Company may be required to increase reserves in future periods, which would reduce the Company s earnings and potentially impact its capital. 
 
 The Company may have more credit risk and higher credit losses to the extent that loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral. 
 
 The Company s credit risk and credit losses can increase if the Company s loans are concentrated in borrowers engaged in the same or similar activities or in borrowers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic, market conditions, or climate change. 
 
 Deterioration in economic conditions, housing conditions, or real estate values, including as a result of climate change or natural disasters, in the markets in which the Company operates could result in materially higher credit losses. The Company is also subject to physical risks of climate change, which could manifest in the form of asset quality deterioration and could be exacerbated by specific portfolio concentrations, and transition risks of climate change, which could manifest through longer-term shifts in market dynamics and consumer preferences and could be exacerbated in specific industries that may be more sensitive or vulnerable to a transition to a low carbon economy. 
 
 22 Truist Financial Corporation 

The Company may suffer losses if the value of collateral declines in stressed market conditions. 
 
 During periods of market stress or illiquidity, the Company s credit risk may be further increased when it fails to realize the expected value of the collateral it holds; collateral is liquidated at prices that are not sufficient to recover the full amount owed to Truist; or counterparties are unable to post collateral, whether for operational or other reasons. Furthermore, disputes with counterparties concerning the valuation of collateral may increase in times of significant market stress, volatility or illiquidity, and Truist could suffer losses during these periods if it is unable to realize the expected value of collateral or to manage declines in the value of collateral. 
 
 Liquidity Risks 
 
 Loss of deposits or a change in deposit mix could increase Truist s funding costs. 
 
 Deposits are a low cost and stable source of funding. Truist competes with banks and other financial institutions for deposits and as a result, the Company could lose deposits in the future, clients may shift their deposits into higher cost products, or the Company may need to raise interest rates to avoid deposit attrition. Funding costs may also increase if deposits lost are replaced with wholesale funding. Higher funding costs reduce Truist s net interest margin, net interest income, and net income. In recent months, the environment for maintaining and growing deposits has become more challenging as the FRB reduces the size of its balance sheet through quantitative tightening and continues to increase interest rates giving clients an incentive to move deposits to money market funds and other higher-yielding alternatives, which could lead to an increase in the reliance on higher cost wholesale funding. 
 
 Truist s liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access short-term funding, an unforeseen outflow of cash, or the inability to monetize liquid assets. 
 
 Liquidity is essential to Truist s businesses. When volatility or disruptions occur in the wholesale funding markets, the Company s ability to access short-term liquidity could be materially impaired. In addition, idiosyncratic factors, as well as other factors outside of the Company s control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects third parties, could impair the Company s ability to access short-term funding or create an unforeseen outflow of cash due to, among other factors, draws on unfunded commitments or deposit attrition. The Company s inability to monetize liquid assets or to access short-term funding or capital markets could constrain the Company s ability to make new loans or meet existing lending commitments and could ultimately jeopardize the Company s overall liquidity and capitalization. 
 
 Truist relies on the mortgage secondary market and GSEs for some of the Company s liquidity. 
 
 Truist sells a portion of the mortgage loans that it originates to reduce the Company s retained credit risk and to provide funding capacity for originating additional loans. GSEs could limit their purchases of conforming loans due to capital constraints or other changes in their criteria for conforming loans (e.g., maximum loan amount or borrower eligibility). This potential reduction in purchases could limit the Company s ability to fund new loans. 
 
 Proposals have been presented to reform the housing finance market in the U.S., including the role of the GSEs in the housing finance market. The extent and timing of any such regulatory reform of the housing finance market and the GSEs, as well as any effect on the Company s business and financial results, are uncertain. 
 
 Any reduction in the Company s credit ratings could increase the Company s cost of funding or reduce its access to the capital markets. 
 
 Credit ratings are influenced by many factors, including the Company s profitability, asset quality, capital levels, liquidity, business mix, operations, and risk management practices. Credit ratings may also be influenced by other factors, some of which are outside the Company s control, such as recent and anticipated economic trends, geopolitical risk, legislative and regulatory developments, including implied levels of government support during a crisis, environmental, social, and governance considerations, and litigation, as well as changes to the rating agencies methodologies, among others. Truist s failure to maintain credit ratings could adversely affect funding costs and increase the Company s cost of capital. A downgrade to Truist s credit ratings might also adversely impact the Company s ability to conduct derivatives business with certain clients and counterparties and could trigger obligations to make cash or collateral payments to certain clients and counterparties. Additionally, a ratings downgrade could affect the Company s ability to attract or retain funding, including deposits from commercial and corporate clients. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 23 

The Parent Company could have less access to funding sources and its liquidity could be constrained if the Bank becomes unable to pay dividends during a time of stress. 
 
 The Parent Company relies upon capital markets access and dividends from affiliates for funding and has less access to contingent funding sources than the Bank. If the Bank were subject to a financial stress, its dividends to the Parent Company could be reduced or eliminated in order to support Bank capital ratios or other regulatory requirements. This would increase the Parent Company s reliance on capital markets at a time when spreads and funding costs are likely elevated due the stress impacting the Bank. 
 
 Truist may be impacted by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 
 The Company s ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. Truist has exposure to many different industries and counterparties and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, central counterparties, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional investors and clients. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions or the financial services industry generally, in the past have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by Truist or by other institutions. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of default of the Company s counterparty or client. In addition, the Company s credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by Truist cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the Company s exposure. Any such losses could materially and adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Technology Risks 
 
 The Company faces cybersecurity risks, including denial of service, phishing, malware and ransomware attacks, potential insider threats, and third-party cybersecurity incidents, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect the Company s operations, cause reputational damage, and create significant legal and financial exposure. 
 
 The Company s computer systems and network infrastructure and those of third parties are targeted in cyberattacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, malware or ransomware intrusion, data corruption attempts, terrorist activities, or identity theft. The Company s business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in the Company s information systems and that of third parties. In addition, to access the Company s network, products, and services, the Company s clients and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of the Company s network environment and can introduce added cybersecurity risks. 
 
 Truist and Truist s clients, regulators and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to and are likely to continue to be the target of cyberattacks and similar incidents. Cyberattacks may expose security vulnerabilities in the Company s systems or the systems of third parties or other security measures that could result in the unauthorized gathering, monitoring, misuse, release, loss, or destruction of confidential, proprietary, or sensitive information. A cyberattack could also damage the Company s systems by introducing material disruptions to the Company s or the Company s clients or other third parties network access or business operations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance the Company s protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. Despite efforts to ensure the integrity of the Company s systems and implement controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, the Company may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may the Company be able to implement sufficient preventive measures against such security breaches, which may result in material losses or consequences to Truist. 
 
 Cybersecurity risks for financial institutions have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies to facilitate and conduct financial transactions. For example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as Truist continues to evolve its internal and external digital offerings and capabilities. In addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled teammates or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently and may not be recognized until launched or well after a breach has occurred. In addition, the existence of cyberattacks or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to the Company s data may not be disclosed to the Company in a timely manner. 
 
 24 Truist Financial Corporation 

The Company also faces indirect technology, cybersecurity and other operational risks relating to clients and other third parties that the Company relies upon to facilitate or enable business activities, including, financial counterparties, regulators, and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence, and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyberattack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes, or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants. This consolidation, interconnectivity, and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. Any third-party technology failure, cyberattack, other information or security breach, termination, or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect the Company s ability to conduct transactions, service the Company s clients, manage the Company s exposure to risk or expand the Company s business. 
 
 A successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause serious negative consequences, including loss of clients and business opportunities; costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant disruption to the Company s operations and business; misappropriation, exposure or destruction of the Company s confidential information, intellectual property, funds and those of the Company s clients; damage to the Company s or the Company s clients or third parties computers or systems; or a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws. This could result in litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties, loss of confidence in the Company s security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, and additional compliance costs, which could adversely impact the Company s results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition. In addition, the Company may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a cybersecurity event. 
 
 The Company s operational capabilities managed or supplied by third parties could fail, be compromised, or be breached, which could disrupt the Company s business and adversely impact the Company s results of operations, and financial condition, as well as cause legal exposure or reputational harm. 
 
 The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout the Company s business and, as a result of the Company s interactions with and reliance on third parties, is not limited to the Company s own internal operational functions. The Company s operational and security systems and infrastructure, including computer systems, data management and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to the Company s performance. Truist relies on numerous third-party service providers to conduct aspects of its business operations and faces operational risks relating to them. Third-party cybersecurity incidents, such as system breakdowns or failures, misconduct by the employees of such parties, or cyberattacks, including ransomware, and supply-chain compromises, could affect their ability to deliver a product or service to the Company or result in lost or compromised information of the Company or its clients. Truist cannot be certain that we will receive timely notification of such cyberattacks or other security breaches. Like other large enterprises, Truist experiences malicious cyber activity directed at our vendors and other service providers. There is no guarantee that the measures the Company takes will provide absolute security or recoverability given that the techniques used in cyberattacks are complex and frequently change and are difficult to anticipate. Truist teammates and third parties may expose the Company to risk as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance, or a failure or breach of systems and infrastructure. For example, the Company s ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions, including to third parties with whom the Company interacts or relies upon. 
 
 Truist will continually encounter technological change and must effectively anticipate, develop, and implement new technology. 
 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Truist has invested in technology to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of clients to engage in financial transactions and otherwise to enhance the client experience with respect to the Company s products and services. Truist expects to make additional investments in innovation and technology to address technological disruption in the industry and improve client offerings and service. These changes allow the Company to better serve the Company s clients and to reduce costs. 
 
 The Company s continued success depends, in part, upon the Company s ability to address clients needs by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy client demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, to create efficiencies in the Company s operations and to integrate those offerings with legacy platforms or to update those legacy platforms. A failure to maintain or enhance the Company s competitive position with respect to technology, whether because of a failure to anticipate client expectations, a failure in the performance of technological developments or an untimely roll out of developments, may cause the Company to lose market share or incur additional expense. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 25 

The Company faces risks associated with quality, availability, and retention of key data for operational, strategic, regulatory, and compliance purposes. 
 
 The Company s financial and regulatory reporting and key business decisions are reliant on the quality, availability, and retention of data. While Truist has implemented a robust data management control framework to mitigate the risks associated with data while at rest, in motion, and in use, a control failure may lead to data loss, data misuse, and data quality risks. These failures may ultimately result in inaccuracies in financial and regulatory reports, inhibited management decision-making, financial loss, reputational risk, and regulatory compliance risk, including privacy compliance risks to the extent that the Company has ineffective or flawed consumer data management processes and monitoring. 
 
 Other External Risks 
 
 The effects of COVID-19 adversely impacted the Company s operations and financial performance and similar adverse impacts resulting from pandemics could occur in future periods. 
 
 Although the global economy has begun to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, as many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic, including labor shortages, disruptions of global supply chains and inflationary pressures, continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and could adversely affect our business. 
 
 In addition, a significant portion of the Company s workforce continues to work remotely at least on a part-time basis, which may increase cybersecurity risks to the Company. Commercial clients have experienced varying levels of disruptions on their supply chains or decreases in demand for their products and services. Consumer clients have experienced interrupted income or unemployment. Certain industries have been particularly susceptible to the effects of the pandemic, including industries where Truist has outstanding loans to clients. 
 
 The effects of the pandemic initially resulted in an increase in the allowance for credit losses, a reduction of fee income, a reduction of net interest margin, a decrease in demand for certain types of loans, and an increase in expenses. A resurgence of pandemic conditions could reintroduce these impacts and also affect the Company s capital and liquidity position, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause an outflow of deposits, influence the recognition of credit losses on loans and securities and increase the allowance for credit losses, result in additional lost revenue, cause additional increases in expenses, result in goodwill impairment charges, result in the impairment of other financial and nonfinancial assets, and increase the Company s cost of capital. 
 
 Physical, transition, or other risks associated with climate change have the potential to negatively impact operations, business results, and clients. 
 
 There is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. Climate change presents (i) physical risks from the direct impacts of changing climate patterns and acute weather events, such as damage to physical assets and service disruptions, and (ii) transition risks from changes in regulations, disruptive technologies, and shifting market dynamics towards a lower carbon economy. The physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding, hurricanes, tornadoes, and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. Physical risks may alter the Company s strategic direction in order to mitigate certain financial risks. Such events could also disrupt the Company s operations or those of its clients or third parties the Company relies on, not only through direct damage to assets, but also from indirect impacts due to supply chain disruption and market volatility. 
 
 Transition risks, including changes in consumer preferences, additional regulatory requirements or taxes and additional counterparty or client requirements, could have a material adverse impact on asset values and the financial performance of Truist s businesses, and those of its clients. Climate change could also present incremental risks to the execution of the Company s long-term strategy. While material impact from climate change is expected to occur over a longer time horizon, the acceleration of a transition to a low-carbon economy could present idiosyncratic risks for individual companies. Additionally, transitioning to a low-carbon economy will entail extensive policy, legal, technology, and market initiatives. 
 
 Additionally, the Company faces potential reputational risks as a result of its practices related to climate change, including as a result of the Company s direct or indirect involvement in certain industries, as well as any decisions management makes in response to managing climate risk, especially as views on climate-related matters become subject to increased polarization. As climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, Truist continues to embed climate risk considerations into risk management strategies. Due to the level of uncertainty around the future path of climate change, the Company s risk management strategies may not be effective in fully mitigating climate risk exposures. 
 
 26 Truist Financial Corporation 

The Company is at risk of increased losses from fraud. 
 
 Fraud attacks across the banking sector have significantly increased in recent years. Bad actors have industrialized the execution of fraud attacks with ever increasing sophistication and speed. Bad actors increasingly use sophisticated applications and techniques to perpetrate the fraud. In some cases, these individuals are associated with large criminal organizations that share tactics and strategies. Fraud schemes are wide ranging, including: counterfeit and forged checks; debit and credit card fraud; social engineering; ATM attacks through the use of skimmers to obtain client data; and phishing to obtain client account credentials. These schemes make use of a variety of products and services to steal funds, such as real-time payments, ACH and wire transfers. Bad actors perpetuate fraudulent activity by impersonating real clients with stolen identities and account credentials, use other individuals, known as mules, to interact with Truist, or create new identities, referred to as synthetic identities. In some instances, the fraud is committed by existing clients. 
 
 Natural disasters and other catastrophic events, which may increase in frequency and intensity due to climate change, could have a material adverse impact on the Company s operations or the Company s financial condition and results. 
 
 The occurrence of catastrophic weather events or pandemics could adversely affect the Company s financial condition or results of operations. Truist has significant operations and clients along the Gulf and Atlantic coasts as well as other regions of the U.S., which could be adversely impacted by hurricanes, tornadoes and other severe weather in those areas. Truist and its clients could also be disrupted by the physical effects of climate change, which may become more frequent and severe. Natural and other types of disasters, including as a result of climate change, could have an adverse impact on Truist s businesses in that such events could materially disrupt the Company s operations or the ability or willingness of the Company s clients to access the financial services offered by Truist, including adverse impacts on the Company s borrowers to timely repay their loans and the value of any collateral held. These events could reduce the Company s earnings and cause volatility in the Company s financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Although Truist has business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, the Company s operations and communications may be adversely affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events, and there can be no assurance that such business continuity plans will be effective. 
 
 An outbreak or escalation of hostilities between countries or within a country or region could have a material adverse effect on the U.S. economy and on Truist s businesses. 
 
 Aggressive actions by hostile governments or groups, including armed conflict or intensified cyberattacks, could expand in unpredictable ways by drawing in other countries or escalating into full-scale war with potentially catastrophic consequences, particularly if one or more of the combatants possess nuclear weapons. Depending on the scope of the conflict, the hostilities could result in worldwide economic disruption, heightened volatility in financial markets, severe declines in asset values, disruption of global trade and supply chains, and diminished consumer, business and investor confidence. Any of the above consequences could have significant negative effects on the U.S. economy, and, as a result, Truist s operations and earnings. Truist could also experience more numerous and aggressive cyberattacks launched by or under the sponsorship of one or more of the adversaries in such a conflict. 
 
 Compliance Risks 
 
 Truist is subject to extensive and evolving government regulation and supervision, which could increase the cost of doing business, limit Truist s ability to make investments and generate revenue, and lead to costly enforcement actions. 
 
 The banking and financial services industries are highly regulated. Truist is subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by regulators, including the FRB, FDIC, NCCOB, SEC, CFTC, CFPB, FINRA, NFA, and various other federal and state regulatory agencies. The statutory and regulatory framework governing Truist is generally intended to protect depositors, the DIF, clients, and the U.S. financial system as a whole, and not Truist s debt holders or shareholders. Truist is also subject to heightened requirements under the enhanced prudential standards and expects increased supervisory scrutiny, including, for example, single counterparty credit limits, heightened expectations with respect to governance, risk management and internal controls and additional capital and liquidity requirements. Reform of the financial services industry resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act, including the EGRRCPA and other legislative, regulatory, and technological changes, affect the Company s operations. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 27 

These laws and regulations and Truist s inability to act in certain instances without receiving prior regulatory approval affect Truist s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase common stock and ability to pursue strategic acquisitions, among other activities. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies or their interpretation or implementation and the continued heightening of regulatory requirements could affect Truist in substantial and unpredictable ways. Federal and state banking regulators also possess broad powers to take supervisory actions as they deem appropriate. These supervisory actions may result in higher capital requirements, higher deposit insurance premiums, higher compliance expenses, and limitations on the Company s activities that could have a material adverse effect on operations or profitability. 
 
 In recent years, both Congress and the federal banking regulators have engaged in a rebalancing of the post financial crisis legal and regulatory framework, particularly by tailoring enhanced prudential standards to the size, risk profile, and complexity of the banking organization. Under the current presidential administration and Congress, the Company and other large financial institutions are becoming subject to increased scrutiny, more intense supervision and regulation, and a higher risk of enforcement action, with increased fines and penalties which we expect to continue. Truist expects that its businesses will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. Any potential new regulations or modifications to existing regulations would likely necessitate changes to Truist s existing regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure. Compliance with new regulations and supervisory initiatives may increase costs. In addition, concerns over climate change may prompt changes in regulations that, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on asset values and the financial performance of Truist s businesses and its clients. 
 
 Financial regulators prudential and supervisory authority gives them broad power and discretion to direct Truist s actions, and they have assumed an active oversight, examination, and enforcement role across the financial services industry on both the federal and state levels. Areas of focus in the recent past have been with respect to mortgage-related practices, student lending practices, auto lending practices, complaints management, sales practices and related incentive compensation programs, consumer privacy, fair banking, overdraft and other fees, retention and recordkeeping of electronic communications, and other consumer compliance matters. Truist continues to be subject to examinations and ongoing monitoring to assess compliance with BSA/AML laws and regulations, as well as sanctions compliance administered by the OFAC. Additionally, actual or alleged misconduct by teammates, including unethical, fraudulent, improper, or illegal conduct, or unfair, deceptive, abusive, or discriminatory practices, can result in litigation, or government investigations and enforcement actions, and cause significant reputational harm, even if ultimately unsubstantiated. 
 
 Truist also relies upon third parties who may expose the Company to compliance and legal risk. New or existing legal requirements also could heighten the reputational impact of perceived misuses of customer data by the Company and third parties. See additional disclosures in the Regulatory Considerations section. 
 
 Truist could become subject to future legislation and regulatory requirements beyond those currently proposed, adopted, or contemplated, including policies and rulemaking related to the Dodd-Frank Act, limits on acquisitions, and more stringent capital and liquidity requirements. The cumulative effect of such legislation and regulations on Truist s business, operations, and profitability cannot be accurately predicted. Such regulatory changes may reduce Truist s revenues, limit the types of financial services and products it may offer, alter the investments it makes, affect the manner in which it operates its businesses, increase its litigation and regulatory costs should it fail to appropriately comply with new or modified laws and regulatory requirements and increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. 
 
 Truist is subject to regulatory capital and liquidity standards that affect the Company s business, operations, and ability to pay dividends, or otherwise return capital to shareholders. 
 
 Truist is subject to regulatory capital and liquidity requirements established by the FRB and the FDIC. These regulatory capital and liquidity requirements are typically developed at an international level by the BCBS and then applied, with adjustments, in each country by the appropriate domestic regulatory bodies. Domestic regulatory agencies have the ability to apply stricter capital and liquidity standards than those developed by the BCBS. In several instances, the U.S. banking agencies have done so with respect to U.S. banking organizations. 
 
 Requirements to maintain specified levels of capital and liquidity and regulatory expectations as to the quality of the Company s capital and liquidity may prevent the Company from taking advantage of opportunities in the best interest of shareholders or force the Company to take actions contrary to their interests. For example, Truist may be limited in its ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. In addition, these requirements may impact the amount and type of loans the Company is able to make. Truist may be constrained in its ability to expand, either organically or through mergers and acquisitions. These requirements may cause the Company to sell or refrain from acquiring assets where the capital requirements appear inconsistent with the assets underlying risks. In addition, liquidity standards require the Company to maintain holdings of highly liquid investments, thereby reducing the Company s ability to invest in less liquid assets, even if more desirable from a balance sheet return or interest rate risk management perspective. As a Category III banking organization, Truist is subject to additional capital and liquidity requirements. 
 
 28 Truist Financial Corporation 

The liquidity standards applicable to large U.S. banking organizations have been supplemented in recent years. The NSFR rule, which is designed to ensure that banking organizations maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their asset composition and off-balance sheet activities, became effective on July 1, 2021. Public disclosure of the NSFR will begin in 2023. 
 
 In addition to the regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to Truist and Truist Bank, the Company s broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to capital requirements established by the SEC. 
 
 Regulatory capital and liquidity requirements receive periodic review and revision by the BCBS and the U.S. banking agencies. Changes to capital and liquidity requirements may require Truist or Truist Bank to maintain more or higher quality capital or greater liquidity and could increase some of the potential adverse effects described above. 
 
 Truist is subject to certain risks related to originating and selling mortgages and may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify mortgage loan purchasers. 
 
 Truist is required to make customary representations and warranties to the purchaser about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated when selling mortgage loans or loan securitizations. An increase in the number of repurchase and indemnity demands from purchasers related to representations and warranties on loans sold could result in an increase in the amount of losses for loan repurchases. Truist also bears a risk of loss from borrower defaults for multi-family commercial mortgage loans sold to FNMA. 
 
 In addition to repurchase claims from GSEs, Truist could be subject to indemnification claims from non-GSE purchasers of the Company s loans. Claims could be made if the loans sold fail to conform to statements about their quality, the manner in which the loans were originated and underwritten or their compliance with state and federal law. 
 
 Truist faces risks as a servicer of loans. 
 
 The Company acts as servicer and master servicer for mortgage loans included in securitizations and for unsecuritized mortgage loans owned by investors. As a servicer or master servicer for those loans, the Company has certain contractual obligations to the securitization trusts, investors, or other third parties. As a servicer, Truist s obligations include foreclosing on defaulted mortgage loans or, to the extent consistent with the applicable securitization or other investor agreement, considering alternatives to foreclosure such as loan modifications or short sales. In the Company s capacity as a master servicer, obligations include overseeing the servicing of mortgage loans by the servicer. Generally, the Company s servicing obligations are set by contract, for which the Company receives a contractual fee. However, GSEs can amend their servicing guidelines unilaterally, which can increase the scope or costs of the services required without any corresponding increase in the Company s servicing fee. Further, the CFPB has implemented national servicing standards, which have increased the scope and cost of services that the Company is required to perform. In addition, there has been a significant increase in state laws that impose additional servicing requirements that increase the scope and cost of the Company s servicing obligations. As a servicer, the Company also advances expenses on behalf of investors, which it may be unable to collect. 
 
 A material breach of the Company s obligations as servicer or master servicer may result in contract termination if the breach is not cured within a specified period of time following notice, which can generally be given by the securitization trustee or a specified percentage of security holders, causing the Company to lose servicing income. In addition, the Company may be required to indemnify the securitization trustee against losses from any failure by the Company, as a servicer or master servicer, to perform the Company s servicing obligations or any act or omission on the Company s part that involves willful misfeasance, bad faith, or gross negligence. For certain investors and certain transactions, Truist may be contractually obligated to repurchase a mortgage loan or reimburse the investor for credit losses incurred on the loan as a remedy for servicing errors with respect to the loan. The Company may be subject to increased repurchase obligations as a result of claims made that the Company did not satisfy its obligations as a servicer or master servicer. The Company may also experience increased loss severity on repurchases, which may require a material increase to the Company s repurchase reserve. 
 
 The Company has and may continue to receive indemnification requests related to the Company s servicing of loans owned or insured by other parties, primarily GSEs. Typically, such a claim seeks to impose a compensatory fee on the Company for departures from GSE service levels. In most cases, this is related to delays in the foreclosure process. Additionally, the Company has received indemnification requests where an investor or insurer has suffered a loss due to a breach of the servicing agreement. While the number of such claims has been small, these could increase in the future. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 29 

Truist faces substantial legal and operational risks in safeguarding personal information. 
 
 Truist s businesses are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of personal information of individuals. Individuals whose personal information may be protected by law can include the Company s clients (and in some cases its clients clients), prospective clients, job applicants, teammates, and the employees of the Company s vendors, and third parties. Complying with the laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company s disclosure, collection, use, sharing and storage of personal information can increase operating costs, impact the development of new products or services, and reduce operational efficiency. Any mishandling or misuse of personal information by the Company or a third-party affiliated with the Company could expose the Company to litigation or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 
 Additional risks could arise from the failure of the Company or third parties to provide adequate disclosure or transparency to the Company s clients about the personal information collected from them and the use of such information; to receive, document, and honor the privacy preferences expressed by the Company s clients; to protect personal information from unauthorized disclosure; or to maintain proper training on privacy practices for all teammates or third parties who have access to personal information. Concerns regarding the effectiveness of Truist s measures to safeguard personal information, or even the perception that those measures are inadequate, could cause Truist to lose existing or potential clients, and thereby reduce Truist s revenues. Furthermore, any failure or perceived failure by the Company to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws, rules and regulations may subject it to inquiries, examinations and investigations that could result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, significant liabilities or regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions. Any of these could damage Truist s reputation and otherwise adversely affect its businesses. 
 
 In recent years, well-publicized incidents involving the inappropriate collection, use, sharing or storage of personal information have led to expanded governmental scrutiny of practices relating to the safeguarding of personal information by companies. That scrutiny has in some cases resulted in, and could in the future lead to, the adoption of stricter laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, sharing and storage of personal information. Truist will likely be subject to new and evolving data privacy laws in the U.S. and abroad, which could result in additional costs of compliance, litigation, regulatory fines, and enforcement actions. These types of laws, rules and regulations could prohibit or significantly restrict financial services firms such as Truist from sharing information among affiliates or with third parties such as vendors, and thereby increase compliance costs, or could restrict Truist s use of personal data when developing or offering products or services to clients. These restrictions could also inhibit Truist s development or marketing of certain products or services or increase the costs of offering them to clients. 
 
 Differences in regulation can affect the Company s ability to compete effectively. 
 
 The content and application of laws and regulations affecting financial services firms sometimes vary according to factors such as the size of the firm, the jurisdiction in which it is organized or operates, and other criteria. Large institutions, such as the Company, often are subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and supervision than smaller institutions. In addition, financial technology companies and other non-traditional competitors may not be subject to banking regulation or may be supervised by a national or state regulatory agency that does not have the same regulatory priorities or supervisory requirements as the Company s regulators. These differences in regulation can impair the Company s ability to compete effectively with competitors that are less regulated and do not have similar compliance costs. 
 
 The Company can face risks of non-compliance and incur higher operational and compliance costs under laws and regulations relating to anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, embargo programs, and anti-corruption. 
 
 Truist must comply with laws and regulations relating to anti-money laundering, economic sanctions, embargo programs and anti-corruption, which can increase its risks of non-compliance and costs associated with the implementation and maintenance of complex compliance programs. A violation of any of these legal and regulatory requirements could subject Truist or individual employees to regulatory enforcement actions as well as significant civil and criminal penalties. 
 
 30 Truist Financial Corporation 

Strategic Risks 
 
 Truist may face the risk of financial loss or negative impact resulting from ineffective strategy setting and execution, adverse business decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the external environment. 
 
 Embedded within strategic risks are risks associated with: 
 
 maintaining a level of earnings appropriate to support growth objectives and the ability to maintain dividends in various economic cycles, 
 successful delivery of innovation and technology strategies that transform the client experience as well as the way Truist conducts business, 
 changes and events within the external environment, including geopolitical, macroeconomic, social, cultural, competitive, and regulatory factors, and 
 implementation and execution of climate risk management related programs. 
 
 Any of the foregoing may impact the successful execution of Truist s strategy. 
 
 Competition may reduce Truist s client base or cause Truist to modify pricing for products and services. 
 
 Truist operates in a highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive with growth in areas such as neo-banks, fintechs, and other non-bank platforms. Increased competition could arise from technological advancements, legislative and regulatory changes, as well as competition from other financial services companies, some of which may be subject to less extensive regulation than Truist. The Company s success depends, in part, on the Company s ability to adapt its offering of products and services to evolving industry standards and client expectations. The widespread adoption of new technologies has required and will continue to require substantial investments to modify existing products and services or to develop new products and services. In addition, there is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices further reducing contribution margins. The Company may not be successful in introducing new products and services in response to industry trends or developments in technology or those new products may not achieve market acceptance. 
 
 Truist also competes with nonbank companies inside and outside of the Company s market area and, in some cases, with companies other than those traditionally considered financial sector participants. In particular, technology companies are increasingly focusing on the financial sector, either in partnership with competitor banking organizations or on their own. These companies generally are not subject to the same regulatory oversight as main street financial institutions and may accordingly realize certain cost strategies and offer products and services at more favorable rates and with greater convenience to the client. This competition could result in the loss of clients and revenue in areas where fintechs are operating. As the pace of technology and change advance, continuous innovation is expected to exert long-term pressure on the financial services industry. 
 
 The adoption of new technologies by competitors, including internet banking services, mobile applications, advanced ATM functionality and cryptocurrencies could require the Company to make substantial investments to modify or adapt the Company s existing products and services or even radically alter the way Truist conducts business. These and other capital investments in the Company s business may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. 
 
 Truist may not be able to complete future mergers or acquisitions. 
 
 The Company must generally satisfy a number of meaningful conditions before completing an acquisition of another bank or BHC, including federal and state regulatory approvals. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank or BHC acquisition, bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition; financial condition and future prospects, including current and projected capital ratios and levels; the competence, experience and integrity of management; record of compliance with laws and regulations; the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring institution s record of compliance under the CRA; the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities; and public comments from various stakeholders. In addition, U.S. regulators must take systemic risk to the U.S. financial system into account when evaluating whether to approve a potential acquisition transaction involving a large financial institution like Truist. There is no certainty as to when or if or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted for any potential acquisition. In specific cases, Truist may be required to sell banks or branches or take other actions as a condition to receiving regulatory approval. An inability to satisfy other conditions necessary to consummate an acquisition transaction, such as third-party litigation, a judicial order blocking the transaction or lack of shareholder approval, could also prevent the Company from completing an announced acquisition. There has been increased scrutiny of bank and financial institution acquisitions from regulators and government entities in recent years. Refer to the Acquisitions section within Item 1 Business for additional discussion. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 31 

Truist has businesses other than banking that are subject to a variety of risks. 
 
 Truist is a diversified financial services company. This diversity subjects the Company s earnings to a broader variety of risks and uncertainties. Other businesses in addition to banking that the Company operates include insurance brokerage, investment banking, securities underwriting and market making, loan syndications, investment management and advice and retail and wholesale brokerage services offered through the Company s subsidiaries. These businesses entail significant market, operational, credit, compliance, technology, legal and other risks that could materially adversely impact the Company s results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 
 The Company may incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations, including inadvertent or unintentional violations. 
 
 Truist maintains systems and procedures designed to ensure that it complies with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that these will be effective. In addition to fines and penalties, the Company may suffer other negative consequences from regulatory violations including restrictions on certain activities, such as the Company s mortgage business, which may affect the Company s relationship with the GSEs and may also damage the Company s reputation and this in turn might materially affect the Company s business and results of operations. 
 
 Federal law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators and law enforcement agencies. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess significant civil or criminal monetary penalties, fines, or restitution; to issue cease and desist or removal orders; and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. Any future enforcement action could have a material adverse impact. In addition, governmental authorities have, at times, sought criminal penalties against companies in the financial services sector for violations, and, at times, have required an admission of wrongdoing from financial institutions in connection with resolving such matters. Criminal convictions or admissions of wrongdoing in a settlement with the government can lead to greater exposure in civil litigation, reputational harm, and other significant collateral consequences such as restrictions on engaging in new activities or acquisitions. 
 
 A failure to comply with regulatory requirements and expectations could expose the Company to fines, regulatory penalties, other costs, reputational damage, civil litigation, and regulatory or enforcement actions which may, in turn, result in limitations on engaging in new activities or expanding geographically and lead to higher operational and compliance costs. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or other extraordinary terms as part of settlements, which could have significant consequences for a financial institution, including loss of clients, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. Violations of laws and regulations or deemed deficiencies in risk management practices also may be incorporated into Truist s confidential supervisory ratings. A downgrade in these ratings, or these or other regulatory actions and settlements, could limit Truist s ability to conduct expansionary activities for a period of time and require new or additional regulatory approvals before Truist can engage in certain other business activities. 
 
 Further, some legal frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even when the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even when there were controls in place designed to ensure compliance. For example, Truist is subject to orders and regulations issued by OFAC that prohibit financial institutions from engaging with prohibited parties, including certain foreign governments, legal entities and individuals. OFAC has the authority to impose penalties for any violation of the prohibitions, whether the violation is intentional or unintentional, even if there were appropriate controls and Truist acted in good faith. 
 
 Legal proceedings may adversely affect the Company s results, reputation, and business operations. 
 
 In the ordinary course of its business, the Company is subject to lawsuits, claims, and formal and informal enforcement activity, including regulatory investigations. The volume of legal proceedings against participants in the financial services industry, including the Company, is substantial, and enforcement actions by regulatory authorities are becoming more common in the current regulatory environment. Legal proceedings against financial services firms may increase depending on factors such as market downturn, changes in law and increased regulatory scrutiny. 
 
 32 Truist Financial Corporation 

Heightened regulatory scrutiny or the results of an investigation or examination may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. There is no assurance that those actions will not result in regulatory settlements or other enforcement actions against Truist. Furthermore, a single event involving a potential violation of law or regulation may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings by multiple federal and state agencies and officials. In addition, if one or more financial institutions are found to have violated a law or regulation relating to certain business activities, this could lead to investigations by regulators or other governmental agencies of the same or similar activities by other financial institutions, including Truist, and large fines and remedial measures that may have been imposed in resolving earlier investigations for the same or similar activities at other financial institutions may be used as the basis for future settlements. 
 
 Claims and legal actions, including class action lawsuits and enforcement proceedings, could involve large monetary amounts, significant defense costs, and result in settlements, judgments, penalties, fines, injunctions, or other forms of relief that are adverse to the Company. Responding to inquiries, investigations, lawsuits, and other proceedings is time-consuming and expensive and can divert senior management attention from Truist s business. 
 
 The outcome of any such legal proceedings, as well as the timing of any ultimate resolutions, may be difficult to predict or estimate. Actual legal and other costs arising from claims and legal actions may be greater than the Company s legal accruals. Further, the Company may not have accruals for all legal proceedings where we face a risk of loss where the loss cannot be reasonably estimated. The ultimate resolution of a pending legal proceeding or significant regulatory or government action against the Company could materially adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition or cause significant reputational harm, which may adversely impact the Company s business prospects. Further, the Company may be exposed to substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Reputational Risks 
 
 Negative public opinion could damage the Company s reputation and adversely impact business and revenues. 
 
 Truist s earnings and capital are subject to risks associated with negative public opinion. Negative public opinion could result from the Company s actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending, sales and other operating practices, corporate governance, acquisitions, a breach of client or teammate information, the failure of any product or service sold to meet clients expectations or applicable regulatory requirements. In addition, the public perception that a cyber-attack on the Company s systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage the Company s reputation with clients and third parties with whom the Company does business. The compromise of personal information, in particular, could result in identify theft and cause serious reputational harm. Any cybersecurity breaches, attacks and other similar incidents could significantly harm Truist s reputation, which could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Negative public opinion could also result from increased polarization of environmental and social considerations that may affect Truist and clients of Truist. Negative public opinion could adversely affect the Company s ability to attract and retain clients and teammates and can result in litigation and regulatory actions. Actual or alleged conduct by one of the Company s businesses can result in negative public opinion about the Company s other businesses. Actual or alleged conduct by another financial services company can result in negative public opinion about the financial services industry in general and, as a result, adversely affect Truist. 
 
 Scrutiny of the Company s sales, training, and incentive compensation practices could damage the Company s reputation and adversely impact business and revenues. 
 
 The Company may face increased scrutiny of its sales and other business practices, training practices, incentive compensation design and governance, and quality assurance and client complaint resolution practices. There can be no assurance that the Company s processes and actions will meet regulatory standards or expectations. Findings from self-identified or regulatory reviews may require responsive actions, including increased investments in compliance systems and teammates or the payment of fines, penalties, increased regulatory assessments or client redress and may increase legal or reputational risk exposures. 
 
 Talent Management Risks 
 
 Truist depends on the expertise of key teammates. If these individuals leave or change their roles without effective replacements, operations may suffer. 
 
 The Company s success depends, to a large degree, on the continued services of executive officers and other key teammates who have extensive experience in the industry. The Company s business could be adversely impacted from the loss of key persons or failure to manage a smooth transition to new teammates. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 33 

The Company depends on the ability to attract and retain qualified teammates while effectively managing recruiting and compensation costs amid highly competitive and rapidly changing market conditions in order to implement and execute upon business strategies. 
 
 The Company s success depends upon the ability to attract and retain high performing, diverse and well-qualified teammates. The Company faces significant competition in the recruitment of highly motivated teammates who can deliver Truist s purpose, mission, and values, which has recently intensified as a result of changes in the labor market caused by COVID-19, broader economic factors and evolving expectations of the workforce. Changes in employee preferences for work environments, in particular the desire of teammates to work remotely for many or all of their hours, may impact our ability to attract and retain qualified teammates in those areas of our operations that require a concentration of onsite personnel (e.g., call centers). The Company s ability to execute its business strategy and provide high quality service may suffer if the Company is unable to recruit or retain a sufficient number of qualified teammates or if the costs of employee compensation or benefits increase substantially. The U.S. banking agencies have jointly issued comprehensive guidance designed to ensure that incentive compensation policies do not undermine the safety and soundness of banking organizations by encouraging teammates to take imprudent risks. This guidance significantly affects the amount, form, and context of incentive compensation that may be provided to teammates and could negatively affect Truist s ability to compete for talent relative to non-banking companies. The SEC finalized its incentive compensation clawback rule which may result in additional costs and restrictions on the form of the Company s incentive compensation. 
 
 The Company s operations rely on its ability, and the ability of key external parties, to maintain appropriately staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health and safety of employees. 
 
 Truist s ability to operate its businesses efficiently and profitably, to offer products and services that meet the expectations of its clients, and to maintain an effective risk management framework is highly dependent on its ability to staff its operations appropriately and on the competence, integrity, health and safety of its teammates. Truist is similarly dependent on the workforces of other parties on which its operations rely, including vendors and other service providers. Truist s businesses could be materially and adversely affected by the ineffective implementation of business decisions; any failure to institute controls that appropriately address risks associated with business activities; or to appropriately train teammates with respect to those risks and controls; or staffing shortages, particularly in tight labor markets. Changes in law or regulation in jurisdictions in which our operations are located that affect employees may also adversely affect our ability to hire and retain qualified teammates in those jurisdictions. In addition, the Company s business could be adversely impacted by a significant operational breakdown or failure, theft, fraud or other unlawful conduct, or other negative outcomes caused by human error or misconduct by a teammate of Truist or an employee of another party on which Truist s operations depend. Truist s operations could also be impaired if the measures taken by it or by governmental authorities to help ensure the health and safety of its teammates are ineffective, or if any external party on which Truist relies fails to take appropriate and effective actions to protect the health and safety of its employees. 
 
 Risks Related to Estimates and Assumptions 
 
 There are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in Truist s business, which may impact decisions made by Management and regulators. 
 
 Truist relies on models to measure risks, estimate certain financial values, and inform certain business decisions. Models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. 
 
 Poorly designed, implemented, or incorrectly used models present the risk that certain Truist business decisions may be adversely affected by inappropriate model output. Also, information Truist provides to the public or to its regulators based on poorly designed, implemented, or incorrectly used models could be inaccurate or misleading. Certain decisions that the regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to Truist s shareholders, could be adversely affected due to the perception of insufficient model quality or incorrect model use. 
 
 The Company s accounting policies and processes are critical to how the Company reports its financial condition and results of operations and require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain. 
 
 Accounting policies and processes are fundamental to how the Company records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of the Company s assets or liabilities and financial results. Several of the Company s accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If assumptions or estimates underlying the Company s financial statements are incorrect or are adjusted periodically, the Company may experience material losses. 
 
 34 Truist Financial Corporation 

Management has identified certain accounting policies as being critical because they require management s judgment to ascertain the valuations of assets, liabilities, commitments, and contingencies. A variety of factors could affect the realization of income and expense or the recognition of assets and liabilities in the Company s financial statements. Truist has established detailed policies and procedures that are intended to ensure these critical accounting estimates and judgments are well controlled and applied consistently. In addition, the policies and procedures are intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the Company s judgments and the estimates pertaining to these matters, the Company cannot guarantee that adjustments to accounting policies or restatement of prior period financial statements will not be required. 
 
 Further, from time to time, the FASB and SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Company s financial statements. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. Changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may be beyond the Company s control, can be hard to predict and could materially affect how the Company reports its financial results and condition. In some cases, the Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. 
 
 Depressed market values for the Company s stock and adverse economic conditions sustained over a period of time may require the Company to write down all or some portion of the Company s goodwill. 
 
 Goodwill is periodically tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount. If the fair value is greater than the carrying amount, then the reporting unit s goodwill is deemed not to be impaired. The fair value of a reporting unit is impacted by the reporting unit s expected financial performance and susceptibility to adverse economic, regulatory, and legislative changes. Future adverse changes in economic conditions or expected financial performance may cause the fair value of a reporting unit to be below its carrying amount, resulting in goodwill impairment. The estimated fair values of the individual reporting units are assessed for reasonableness by reviewing a variety of indicators, including comparing these estimated fair values to the Company s market capitalization over a reasonable period of time. While this comparison provides some relative market information about the estimated fair value of the reporting units, it is not determinative and needs to be evaluated in the context of the current economic environment. However, significant and sustained declines in the Company s market capitalization could be an indication of potential goodwill impairment. Refer to the Critical Accounting Policies section for additional details related to the Company s intangible assets policy. 
 
 Operational Risks 
 
 Truist relies on other companies to provide key components of the Company s business infrastructure. 
 
 Third parties provide key components of the Company s business infrastructure, such as banking services, data processing, business processes, internet connections, and network access. Any disruption in such services provided by these third parties or any failure of these third parties to handle current or higher volumes of use could adversely affect the Company s ability to deliver products and services to clients, to support teammates and otherwise to conduct business. Technological or financial difficulties of a third-party service provider could adversely affect the Company s business to the extent those difficulties result in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by that party. Further, in some instances, the Company may be responsible for failures of such third parties to comply with government regulations. The Company is not insured against all types of losses as a result of third-party failures, and the insurance coverage that does exist may be inadequate to protect the Company from all losses resulting from system failures or other disruptions. Failures in the Company s business infrastructure could interrupt its operations or increase the costs of doing business. 
 
 The Company s framework for managing risks may not be effective. 
 
 The Company s risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss. Truist has established policies, processes, and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the Company is subject, including liquidity, credit, market, operational, technology, reputational, strategic, and compliance risk, among others. However, the Company s risk management measures may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating the Company s risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated, even if the frameworks for assessing risk are properly designed and implemented. Some of the Company s methods of managing risk are based upon the Company s use of observed historical market behavior and management s judgment. These methods may not accurately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical measures indicate. If the Company s risk management framework proves ineffective, it could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 35 

Truist depends on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties. 
 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, Truist relies on the completeness and accuracy of representations made by and information furnished by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. If the information provided is not accurate or complete, the Company s decisions about extending credit or entering into other transactions with clients or counterparties could be adversely affected and the Company could suffer defaults, credit losses or other negative consequences as a result. 
 
 Truist can be negatively affected if it fails to identify and address operational risks associated with the introduction of or changes to products, services, and delivery platforms. 
 
 When Truist launches a new product or service, introduces a new platform for the delivery or distribution of products or services (including mobile connectivity, electronic trading and cloud computing), acquires or invests in a business or makes changes to an existing product, service or delivery platform, it may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from those changes, or may fail to implement adequate controls to mitigate the risks associated with those changes. Any significant failure in this regard could diminish Truist s ability to operate one or more of its businesses or result in potential liability to clients and counterparties, and result in increased operating expenses. The Company could also experience higher litigation costs, including regulatory fines, penalties and other sanctions, reputational damage, impairment of Truist s liquidity, regulatory intervention, or weaker competitive standing. Any of the foregoing consequences could materially and adversely affect Truist s businesses and results of operations. 
 
 Enhanced regulatory and other standards for the oversight of vendors and other service providers can result in higher costs and other potential exposures. 
 
 The Company must comply with enhanced regulatory and other standards associated with doing business with vendors and other service providers, including standards relating to the outsourcing of functions as well as the performance of significant banking and other functions by subsidiaries. Truist incurs significant costs and expenses in connection with its initiatives to address the risks associated with oversight of its internal and external service providers. Truist s failure to appropriately assess and manage these relationships, especially those involving significant banking functions, shared services or other critical activities, could materially adversely affect Truist. Specifically, any such failure could result in: potential harm to clients, and any liability associated with that harm; regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions; lower revenues, and the opportunity cost from lost revenues; increased operational costs, or harm to Truist s reputation. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Truist s owns its headquarters building at 214 North Tryon Street, Charlotte, NC, 28202. Truist owns or leases free-standing operations centers, with its primary operations and information technology centers located in various locations in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic United States. Truist owns or leases retail branches and other offices in a number of states, primarily concentrated in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic United States. See Table 2 for a list of Truist s branches by state. Truist also operates numerous insurance agencies and other businesses that occupy facilities throughout the U.S. and Canada. Management believes that these premises, in the aggregate, are well-located and suitably equipped to serve as financial services facilities. See Note 6. Premises and Equipment for additional disclosures. 
 
 36 Truist Financial Corporation 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Truist s common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol TFC. As of December 31, 2022, Truist s common stock was held by 84,359 registered shareholders. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Truist s ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on earnings from operations, the adequacy of capital and the availability of liquid assets for distribution and is subject to its capital plan meeting the SCB requirements from the FRB. Truist s ability to generate liquid assets for distribution is dependent on the ability of Truist Bank to pay dividends to the Parent Company. The payment of cash dividends is an integral part of providing a competitive return on shareholders investments and needs to be balanced with maintaining sufficient capital to support future growth and meet regulatory requirements. 
 
 Management s target common dividend payout ratio (computed by dividing common stock dividends by net income available to common shareholders) is between 30 and 50 during normal economic conditions. Truist s common dividend payout ratio was 45 in 2022 compared to 41 in 2021 and 58 in 2020. Truist expects common dividend declarations, if made, to occur in January, April, July, and October with payment dates on or about the first of March, June, September, and December. A discussion of dividend restrictions is included in Note 17. Regulatory Requirements and Other Restrictions and in the Regulatory Considerations section. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 
 Truist has periodically repurchased shares of its own common stock and expects to periodically repurchase shares in the future, to the extent the Company has excess capital and does not have sufficient investment opportunities in the form of organic growth and / or acquisitions. In accordance with North Carolina law, repurchased shares cannot be held as treasury stock, but revert to the status of authorized and unissued shares upon repurchase and are therefore available for future issuances. Repurchases may be affected through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, trading plans established in accordance with SEC rules, or other means. The timing and exact amount of repurchases are subject to various factors, including the Company s capital position, liquidity, financial performance, alternative uses of capital, stock trading price and general market conditions, and may be suspended or resumed at any time. During 2022, the Company repurchased 5.1 million shares of common stock totaling 250 million through open market purchases. The following table provides information for share repurchases as part of publicly announced plans and shares exchanged or surrendered in connection with the exercise of equity-based awards: 
 Table 5: Share Repurchase Activity (Dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share (2) Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Plans (3) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans (3) October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 4,100 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 1 46.33 4,100 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 4,100 Total 1 46.33 
 (1) Includes shares exchanged or surrendered in connection with the exercise of equity-based awards under equity-based compensation plans. 
 (2) Excludes commissions. 
 (3) In July 2022, the Board of Directors approved, effective October 1, 2022, new repurchase authority to effectuate repurchases up to an aggregate of 4.1 billion in shares of the Company s common stock through September 30, 2023. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 37 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Issuances 
 
 During 2020, Truist issued 3.5 billion in series O, series P, series Q, and series R preferred stock, gross of issuance cost, to further strengthen its capital position. 
 
 Redemptions 
 
 During 2021, the Company redeemed all 18,000 outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series F and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for 450 million, all 20,000 outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series G and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for 500 million, and all 18,600 outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series H and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for 465 million. 
 
 During 2020, the Company redeemed all 5,000 outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series K and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for 500 million plus any unpaid dividends. 
 
 These preferred stock redemptions were in accordance with the terms of the Company s Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 See Note 12. Shareholders Equity for information about preferred stock. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table provides information about equity-based awards as of December 31, 2022: Table 6: Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan Category (a)(1)(2) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b)(3) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in (a)) Approved by security holders 11,407,677 35.02 41,980,866 Not approved by security holders 6,828,634 23.89 Total 18,236,311 32.22 41,980,866 
 (1) Includes 10,995,360 RSUs and PSUs in plans approved by security holders. 
 (2) Plans not approved by security holders consists of 138,242 options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of 23.89 and 6,690,392 RSUs for plans that were assumed in mergers and acquisitions and issued prior to shareholder approval of the Truist Financial Corporation 2022 Incentive Plan. 
 (3) Excludes RSUs and PSUs because they do not have an exercise price. 
 
 38 Truist Financial Corporation 

Five-Year Common Stock Performance 
 
 The following graph and table compare the cumulative total shareholder return of the Company s common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the KBW Nasdaq Bank Index for the five-year period ended December 31, 2022. The Company is a component of both indexes. The graph and table assume an initial investment of 100 was made on December 31, 2017 in each of the Company s common stock and the two indexes, as well as reinvestment of all dividends without commissions. 
 Table 7: Cumulative Total Shareholder Return Invested Cumulative Total Return As of / Through December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Truist Financial Corporation 100.00 89.78 120.77 107.33 135.31 103.49 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.61 125.70 148.81 191.48 156.77 KBW Nasdaq Bank Index 100.00 82.29 112.01 100.47 138.99 109.25 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 39 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 MD A is intended to assist readers in their analysis of the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and supplemental financial information. It should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K, and other information contained in this document. For discussion of 2021 results as compared to 2020 results, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. A description of certain factors that may affect our future results and risk factors is set forth in Part I, Item 1A-Risk Factors of this report. 

Executive Overview 
 
 This year was a strategic turning point for Truist as we began to shift our focus to executional excellence and purposeful growth. Results for 2022 were solid, reflecting post-integration momentum and progress in many areas. Robust loan growth, significant margin expansion, and good cost discipline contributed to our strong performance. Credit quality remains strong reflecting our conservative credit culture and diverse business mix. We also delivered on our commitment to achieve positive operating leverage for the full-year 2022. 
 
 We fulfilled our purpose to inspire and build better lives and communities in many ways throughout the year. We showed care for our teammates with a bold increase in our minimum wage; created new ways to meet clients needs through initiatives like Truist One Banking and enhanced digital offerings like Truist Assist, Truist Invest Pro, and Truist Trade; and supported our communities, including introducing a 120 million commitment to small businesses. In addition, we exceeded our 60 billion Community Benefits Plan commitment that we established at the time of the Merger. 
 
 We continued to have strong momentum during the year with regards to other environmental, social and governance initiatives that we have undertaken. We announced our goal to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, which will help support our clients transition to a low-carbon economy. In support of this goal, we joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials, and set 2030 goals to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 35 each, and to reduce water consumption by 25 , relative to 2019. With 17.2 of senior leadership roles being held by ethnically diverse teammates, we have exceeded our original goal and we aspire for continued growth in this area, and surpassed our goal of 10 spend with diverse suppliers in 2022. Truist was ranked 5th overall within the JUST 100 list and recognized as one of Fortune Magazine s Most Admired Companies. 
 
 Truist maintained strong capital and liquidity in 2022 and made a number of strategic investments to deploy capital and expand on its businesses. During 2022, Truist made the following acquisitions: 
 
 BankDirect Capital Finance, the insurance premium finance unit of Texas Capital Bancshares, which resulted in the addition of approximately 3.1 billion of loans; 
 BenefitMall, one of the nation s leading benefit wholesale general insurance agencies, to broaden the selection of products and services offered by IH s wholesale insurance broker; 
 Kensington Vanguard National Land Services, one of the largest independent full-service national title insurance agencies, to expand IH s presence in the title insurance market; and 
 A noncontrolling equity interest in SunTrust Merchant Services, LLC, in exchange for the rights to certain merchant banking relationships, including relationships previously referred by Truist to SunTrust Merchant Services, LLC. 
 
 Truist increased the quarterly common dividend 8 during the year and declared total common dividends of 2.00 per share during 2022. The dividend payout ratio for 2022 was 45 compared to 41 for the prior year. The total payout ratio for 2022 was 49 compared to 68 for the prior year. 
 
 40 Truist Financial Corporation 

Financial Results 
 
 Net income available to common shareholders totaled 5.9 billion for 2022, a 1.8 decrease from the prior year. On a diluted per common share basis, earnings for 2022 were 4.43, compared to 4.47 for 2021. Truist s results of operations for 2022 produced a return on average assets of 1.15 and a return on average common shareholders equity of 10.4 compared to prior year ratios of 1.23 and 9.7 , respectively. Results include merger-related and restructuring charges of 513 million 393 million after-tax) for 2022 compared to 822 million 631 million after-tax) for 2021, and incremental operating expenses related to the Merger of 465 million 356 million after-tax) for 2022 compared to 771 million 592 million after-tax) for 2021. Additionally, the 2022 results include a gain on the redemption of noncontrolling equity interest of 74 million 57 million after-tax) related to the acquisition of certain merchant services relationships, a gain on the early extinguishment of long-term debt of 39 million 30 million after-tax), partially offset by net losses on the sales of securities of 71 million 54 million after-tax). The 2021 results include charitable contributions of 200 million 153 million after-tax), an acceleration of loss recognition related to certain terminated cash flow hedges of 36 million 28 million after tax), and a one-time professional fee expense of 30 million 23 million after tax), partially offset by a small gain on extinguishment of debt. Table 8: Earnings Highlights Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Net income available to common shareholders 5,927 6,033 4,184 (106) 1,849 Diluted earnings per common share 4.43 4.47 3.08 (0.04) 1.39 Net interest income - taxable equivalent 14,458 13,114 13,951 1,344 (837) Noninterest income 8,719 9,290 8,879 (571) 411 Total taxable-equivalent revenue 23,177 22,404 22,830 773 (426) Less taxable-equivalent adjustment 142 108 125 Total revenue 23,035 22,296 22,705 Return on average assets 1.15 1.23 0.90 (0.08) 0.33 Return on average common shareholders equity 10.4 9.7 6.8 0.7 2.9 Net interest margin - taxable equivalent 3.01 2.86 3.22 0.15 (0.36) 
 
 Truist s revenue for 2022 was 23.0 billion. On a TE basis, revenue was 23.2 billion, which represents an increase of 773 million compared to 2021. Net interest income on a TE basis was 14.5 billion, an increase of 1.3 billion primarily due to higher market interest rates coupled with strong loan growth and well controlled deposit costs. These increases were partially offset by lower purchase accounting accretion and lower PPP revenue. Average earning assets increased 22.3 billion, or 4.9 , compared to the earlier year. The increase in average earning assets reflects a 13.4 billion, or 4.6 , increase in average outstanding loans and a 7.8 billion, or 5.6 , increase in average securities. Average deposits increased 19.7 billion, or 4.9 , and average short-term borrowings increased 8.8 billion, or 142 , partially offset by a decrease in average long-term debt of 3.2 billion, or 8.7 , compared to the earlier year. Noninterest income for 2022 decreased 571 million compared to 2021 primarily due to lower investment banking and mortgage banking income, partially offset by growth in insurance revenues. 
 
 NIM was 3.01 for 2022, up 15 basis points compared to the prior year primarily due to higher market interest rates and well controlled deposit costs. The growth in NIM was negatively impacted by lower purchase accounting accretion, which benefited NIM by 13 basis points in 2022 compared to 26 basis points in 2021. The TE yield on the total loan portfolio for 2022 was 4.36 , up 41 basis points. The TE yield on the average securities portfolio was 1.88 , up 38 basis points. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.42 , up 36 basis points. The average cost of total deposits was 0.27 , up 23 basis points. The average cost of long-term debt was 2.31 , up 78 basis points. The increases in rates on assets and liabilities reflects the rising rate environment during 2022. 
 
 The provision for credit losses was 777 million, compared to a benefit of 813 million for the prior year. The current year reflects strong loan growth and a moderate decline in the ALLL ratio, whereas the prior year included reserve releases due to the improving economic environment during that period. Net charge-offs were 823 million, compared to 697 million for the prior year. The net charge-off ratio for the current year of 0.27 was up three basis points compared to the earlier year primarily driven by normalizing trends across certain consumer portfolios, partially offset by lower charge offs in the commercial and industrial portfolio. 
 
 Noninterest expense decreased 527 million, or 3.5 , compared to the prior year. Excluding the aforementioned items and the impact of amortization expense for intangibles, noninterest expense increased 380 million, or 3.0 , driven by higher professional fees, operational losses, expenses related to acquired companies and marketing expenses, partially offset by lower occupancy and equipment expenses. 
 
 The provision for income taxes was 1.4 billion for 2022, compared to 1.6 billion to 2021. The effective tax rate for 2022 was 18.3 , compared to 19.5 for the prior year. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by higher favorable permanent tax items and an increase in discrete tax benefits. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 41 

Truist s total assets at December 31, 2022 were 555.3 billion, an increase of 14.0 billion, or 2.6 , compared to December 31, 2021. Total loans and leases at December 31, 2022, were 327.4 billion, an increase of 33.1 billion, or 11 compared with December 31, 2021. The increase in loans reflects strong production during the year across most industry verticals and product groups in the commercial and industrial portfolio, as well as growth in the majority of the consumer portfolios. Truist s total investment securities portfolio declined 25.1 billion, or 16 , as paydowns and maturities were reinvested in the loan portfolio and the fair value of the AFS portfolio declined due to the rising rate environment. In the first quarter of 2022, Truist transferred 59.4 billion of AFS securities to HTM as the Company continues to execute upon its asset-liability management strategies. 
 
 Total liabilities at December 31, 2022 were 494.7 billion, an increase of 22.7 billion, or 4.8 , from the prior year, reflecting an increase of 18.1 billion in short-term borrowings and an increase of 7.3 billion, or 20 , in long-term debt, partially offset by a decrease of 3.0 billion, or 0.7 , in deposits. 
 
 Total shareholders equity was 60.5 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 8.7 billion from December 31, 2021. This decline includes a decrease of 12.0 billion in AOCI and 3.0 billion in dividends, partially offset by 6.3 billion in net income. Truist s book value per common share at December 31, 2022 was 40.58, compared to 47.14 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Asset quality ratios were relatively stable at December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, reflecting Truist s prudent risk culture and portfolio diversification. Nonperforming loans and leases held for investment were 0.36 of loans and leases held for investment at December 31, 2022, down two basis points compared to December 31, 2021. The ALLL ratio was 1.34 compared to 1.53 for prior year. The ratio of the ALLL to net charge-offs was 5.32X for 2022, compared to 6.36X in 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the CET1 ratio was 9.0 and the average LCR was 112 . The 60 basis point decline in the CET1 ratio compared to December 31, 2021 primarily reflects strong loan growth, acquisitions, and the impact from the phase-in of the CECL transition relief. 
 
 On February 16, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to sell a 20 stake of the common equity in Truist Insurance Holdings, a subsidiary of Truist and the sixth-largest insurance brokerage in the U.S., for 1.95 billion to an investor group led by Stone Point Capital, LLC. The closing of the investment is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals. The transaction allows Truist to maintain strategic flexibility and future upside in Truist Insurance Holdings, which will continue to benefit from Truist s operations, access to capital, and client relationships. Truist will also preserve and enhance its client service approach to offering leading insurance products to its banking clients. Moreover, Truist Insurance Holdings gains an experienced partner in Stone Point, which brings deep industry expertise and access to capital to help accelerate Truist Insurance Holdings growth. Upon closing of the transaction, a five-person Board will be formed to oversee Truist Insurance Holdings, comprising four members appointed by Truist and one member appointed by Stone Point. 
 
 Key Areas of Focus 
 
 Truist s business is dynamic and complex. Consequently, management annually evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the Company s business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. During this process, management considers the current financial condition and performance of the Company and its expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. Achieving key strategic objectives and long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. In the opinion of management, the following are the key areas of focus most likely to impact Truist s near to medium term performance: 
 
 Actualizing our purpose to inspire and build better lives and communities and driving executional excellence to realize our potential; 
 More focus on integrated relationship management to deepen relationships, improve client experiences, and/or deliver the bank as One Team; 
 Digitizing the enterprise through our T3 strategy to create a world-class client experience and streamline, simplify, and automate processes and operations; and 
 Making Truist a great place to work through our purpose-driven and inclusive culture, competitive compensation and benefits, and compelling career development and growth opportunities. 
 
 In addition, certain other challenges and unforeseen events could have a near term impact on Truist s financial condition and results of operations. See the sections titled Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors for additional examples of such challenges. 
 
 42 Truist Financial Corporation 

Analysis of Results of Operations 

Net Interest Income and NIM 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 TE net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was up 1.3 billion, or 10 , compared to the prior year primarily due to higher market interest rates coupled with strong loan growth and well controlled deposit costs, partially offset by lower purchase accounting accretion and lower PPP revenue. Average earning assets increased 22.3 billion, or 4.9 , compared to the prior period. The increase in average earning assets reflects a 13.4 billion, or 4.6 , increase in average total loans and leases and a 7.8 billion, or 5.6 , increase in average securities. Average deposits increased 19.7 billion, or 4.9 , and average short-term borrowings increased 8.8 billion, or 142 , compared to the prior year, while average long-term debt decreased 3.2 billion, or 8.7 . 
 
 Net interest margin was 3.01 for the year ended December 31, 2022, up 15 basis points compared to the prior year. The growth in NIM was negatively impacted by lower purchase accounting accretion, which benefited NIM by 13 basis points in 2022 compared to 26 basis points in 2021. The yield on the total loan portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4.36 , up 41 basis points compared to the prior year, reflecting higher market interest rates, partially offset by lower purchase accounting accretion and lower PPP revenue. The yield on the average securities portfolio was 1.88 for the year ended December 31, 2022, up 38 basis points compared to the prior year primarily due to the higher rate environment. 
 
 The average cost of total deposits was 0.27 for the year ended December 31, 2022, up 23 basis points compared to the prior year. The average cost on short-term borrowings was 2.58 for the year ended December 31, 2022, up 182 basis points compared to the prior year. The average cost on long-term debt was 2.31 for the year ended December 31, 2022, up 78 basis points compared to the prior year. The increase in rates on deposits and other funding sources was largely attributable to the higher rate environment. 

As of December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized fair value marks on the loan and lease portfolio and long-term debt were 741 million and 81 million, respectively, with no remaining mark for deposits. As of December 31, 2021, the remaining unamortized fair value marks on the loan and lease portfolio, deposits and long-term debt were 1.3 billion, 7 million, and 139 million, respectively. 
 
 The remaining unamortized purchase accounting fair value mark on loans and leases consists of 474 million for consumer loans and leases, and 267 million for commercial loans and leases. These amounts will be recognized over the remaining contractual lives of the underlying instruments or as paydowns occur. 
 
 The major components of net interest income and the related annualized yields as well as the variances between the periods caused by changes in interest rates versus changes in volumes are summarized below. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 43 

Table 9: Taxable-Equivalent Net Interest Income and Rate / Volume Analysis (1) 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) Average Balances (5) Yield/Rate Income/Expense Incr. (Decr.) Change due to Incr. (Decr.) Change due to 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Rate Volume Rate Volume Assets Total securities, at amortized cost: (2) U.S. Treasury 10,591 7,633 2,194 0.88 0.73 1.81 93 56 40 37 13 24 16 (35) 51 GSE 498 1,799 1,846 2.24 2.29 2.33 11 41 43 (30) (1) (29) (2) (1) (1) Agency MBS 131,669 128,306 78,564 1.94 1.52 2.07 2,552 1,953 1,625 599 547 52 328 (511) 839 States and political subdivisions 392 429 501 3.88 3.55 3.92 15 15 19 1 (1) (4) (2) (2) Non-agency MBS 4,072 1,299 86 2.30 2.20 16.81 94 28 15 66 1 65 13 (23) 36 Other 44 31 36 3.60 1.90 2.33 2 1 1 1 1 Total securities 147,266 139,497 83,227 1.88 1.50 2.09 2,767 2,094 1,743 673 562 111 351 (572) 923 Interest earning trading assets 5,767 5,602 4,655 4.15 2.78 3.62 239 156 168 83 78 5 (12) (43) 31 Other earning assets (3) 20,429 19,498 31,240 1.88 0.24 0.50 384 48 156 336 334 2 (108) (63) (45) Loans and leases, net of unearned income: (4) Commercial and industrial 149,030 137,304 147,603 3.91 3.04 3.42 5,823 4,174 5,053 1,649 1,270 379 (879) (540) (339) CRE 22,697 25,269 27,410 4.01 2.85 3.32 920 728 914 192 271 (79) (186) (119) (67) Commercial Construction 5,326 6,053 6,659 4.46 2.98 3.72 228 173 243 55 79 (24) (70) (48) (22) Residential mortgage 51,721 45,500 51,423 3.60 4.14 4.51 1,860 1,884 2,320 (24) (263) 239 (436) (181) (255) Residential home equity and direct 25,232 25,319 26,951 5.64 5.69 6.03 1,422 1,441 1,625 (19) (14) (5) (184) (89) (95) Indirect auto 27,197 26,621 25,055 5.50 6.12 6.61 1,497 1,629 1,656 (132) (167) 35 (27) (127) 100 Indirect other 11,876 10,935 11,264 6.39 6.70 7.11 758 731 801 27 (35) 62 (70) (46) (24) Student 6,114 7,251 7,596 4.97 3.99 4.62 304 289 351 15 65 (50) (62) (47) (15) Credit card 4,753 4,650 5,027 9.57 8.92 9.34 455 415 470 40 31 9 (55) (21) (34) Total loans and leases HFI 303,946 288,902 308,988 4.36 3.97 4.35 13,267 11,464 13,433 1,803 1,237 566 (1,969) (1,218) (751) LHFS 2,889 4,546 5,513 4.23 2.63 3.13 122 120 173 2 56 (54) (53) (25) (28) Total loans and leases 306,835 293,448 314,501 4.36 3.95 4.33 13,389 11,584 13,606 1,805 1,293 512 (2,022) (1,243) (779) Total earning assets 480,297 458,045 433,623 3.49 3.03 3.61 16,779 13,882 15,673 2,897 2,267 630 (1,791) (1,921) 130 Nonearning assets 63,533 64,340 65,462 Total assets 543,830 522,385 499,085 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-checking 111,539 107,311 94,879 0.47 0.05 0.23 519 59 216 460 458 2 (157) (183) 26 Money market and savings 145,645 134,303 123,826 0.37 0.03 0.21 536 35 264 501 497 4 (229) (248) 19 Time deposits 15,514 18,025 30,008 0.58 0.30 1.02 90 54 305 36 44 (8) (251) (160) (91) Total interest-bearing deposits (6) 272,698 259,639 248,713 0.42 0.06 0.32 1,145 148 785 997 999 (2) (637) (591) (46) Short-term borrowings 14,957 6,170 10,129 2.58 0.76 1.35 385 47 137 338 212 126 (90) (48) (42) Long-term debt 34,172 37,410 45,793 2.31 1.53 1.75 791 573 800 218 271 (53) (227) (92) (135) Total interest-bearing liabilities 321,827 303,219 304,635 0.72 0.25 0.57 2,321 768 1,722 1,553 1,482 71 (954) (731) (223) Noninterest-bearing deposits (6) 145,392 138,733 114,580 Other liabilities 12,794 11,300 11,846 Shareholders equity 63,817 69,133 68,024 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 543,830 522,385 499,085 Average interest-rate spread 2.77 2.78 3.04 NIM/net interest income - taxable equivalent 3.01 2.86 3.22 14,458 13,114 13,951 1,344 785 559 (837) (1,190) 353 Taxable-equivalent adjustment 142 108 125 
 (1) Yields are stated on a TE basis utilizing federal tax rate. The change in interest not solely due to changes in rate or volume has been allocated based on the pro-rata absolute dollar amount of each. Interest income includes certain fees, deferred costs, and dividends. 
 (2) Total securities include AFS and HTM securities. 
 (3) Includes cash equivalents, interest-bearing deposits with banks, FHLB stock and other earning assets. 
 (4) Fees, which are not material for any of the periods shown, are included for rate calculation purposes. NPLs are included in the average balances. 
 (5) Represents daily average balances. Excludes basis adjustments for fair value hedges. 
 (6) Total deposit costs were 0.27 , 0.04 , and 0.22 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 44 Truist Financial Corporation 

Provision for Credit Losses 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 The provision for credit losses was 777 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a benefit of 813 million for the prior year. The current year reflects strong loan growth and a moderate decline in the ALLL ratio, whereas the prior year included reserve releases due to the improving economic environment during that period. Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 823 million compared to 697 million in the prior year. The net charge-off ratio for the current year of 0.27 was up three basis points compared to the prior year. 
 
 Refer to Note 5. Loans and ACL for additional discussion of the ACL. 

Noninterest Income 
 
 Noninterest income is a significant contributor to Truist s financial results. Management focuses on diversifying its sources of revenue to reduce Truist s reliance on traditional spread-based interest income, as certain fee-based activities are a relatively stable revenue source during periods of changing interest rates. During 2022, the Company reclassified certain line items within noninterest income. See Note 1. Basis of Presentation for additional details. The following table provides a breakdown of Truist s noninterest income: Table 10: Noninterest Income Year Ended December 31, Change (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Insurance income 3,043 2,627 2,193 15.8 19.8 Wealth management income 1,338 1,392 1,277 (3.9) 9.0 Investment banking and trading income 995 1,441 1,010 (31.0) 42.7 Service charges on deposits 1,026 1,060 1,020 (3.2) 3.9 Card and payment related fees 944 874 761 8.0 14.8 Mortgage banking income 460 734 1,185 (37.3) (38.1) Lending related fees 375 349 315 7.4 10.8 Operating lease income 258 262 309 (1.5) (15.2) Securities gains (losses) (71) 402 NM (100.0) Other income 351 551 407 (36.3) 35.4 Total noninterest income 8,719 9,290 8,879 (6.1) 4.6 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 Noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 571 million, or 6.1 , compared to the prior year. The current year includes net securities losses of 71 million and the gain on the redemption of noncontrolling equity interest (other income) of 74 million. The earlier year included a gain of 37 million from the divestiture of certain businesses (other income). Excluding the aforementioned items, noninterest income was down 537 million, or 5.8 , compared to the prior year. Investment banking and trading income decreased 446 million, or 31 , due to lower capital markets activity and lower merger and acquisition fees. Mortgage banking income decreased 274 million, or 37 , as lower production income (due to lower margins and refinance volumes resulting from the higher rate environment) was partially offset by higher residential servicing income (due to lower prepayments and servicing portfolio purchases). Excluding the aforementioned gains, other income decreased 237 million, or 46 , primarily due to valuation changes from assets held for certain post-retirement benefits, which is primarily offset by lower personnel expense, lower investment income and valuation marks from the Company s SBIC and other strategic investments and lower derivative trading income. Wealth management income decreased 54 million, or 3.9 , primarily due to lower market valuations. Insurance income increased 416 million, or 16 , due to acquisitions and continued organic growth. Card and payment related fees increased 70 million, or 8.0 , due to the first quarter 2022 acquisition of certain merchant services relationships and increased activity. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 45 

Noninterest Expense 
 
 During 2022, the Company reclassified certain line items within noninterest expense. See Note 1. Basis of Presentation for additional details. The following table provides a breakdown of Truist s noninterest expense: Table 11: Noninterest Expense Year Ended December 31, Change (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Personnel expense 8,467 8,632 8,146 (1.9) 6.0 Professional fees and outside processing 1,411 1,442 1,252 (2.1) 15.2 Software expense 932 945 862 (1.4) 9.6 Net occupancy expense 744 764 904 (2.6) (15.5) Amortization of intangibles 583 574 685 1.6 (16.2) Equipment expense 478 513 484 (6.8) 6.0 Marketing and customer development 352 294 273 19.7 7.7 Operating lease depreciation 184 190 258 (3.2) (26.4) Regulatory costs 183 137 125 33.6 9.6 Merger-related and restructuring charges 513 822 860 (37.6) (4.4) Other expense 742 803 1,048 (7.6) (23.4) Total noninterest expense 14,589 15,116 14,897 (3.5) 1.5 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 Noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was down 527 million, or 3.5 , compared to the earlier year. Merger-related and restructuring charges decreased 309 million due to diminishing integration-related activities and lower costs in connection with the voluntary separation and retirement program, partially offset by higher costs for client day one conversions. Incremental operating expenses related to the Merger decreased 306 million, primarily reflecting lower personnel and professional fees and outside processing expenses. The current year includes a 39 million gain on the redemption of FHLB advances (other expense). The prior year includes 200 million for charitable contributions to the Truist Foundation and the Truist Charitable Fund (other expense), 36 million of expense associated with an acceleration of loss recognition related to certain terminated cash flow hedges (other expense), a 30 million professional fee to develop an ongoing program to identify, prioritize, and roadmap teammate generated revenue growth and expense savings opportunities beyond the Merger, and a small gain on the extinguishment of debt (other expense). 
 
 Excluding the aforementioned items and the amortization of intangibles, adjusted noninterest expense increased 380 million, or 3.0 , compared to the earlier year. Other expense was down 61 million, but was up 217 million, or 39 , on an adjusted basis primarily due to increased operational losses and teammate travel expenses. Professional fees and outside processing expenses were down 31 million, but up 173 million, or 20 , on an adjusted basis due to increased project spend for enterprise technology investments and increased call center staffing. Marketing and customer development expense increased 58 million 66 million, or 23 on an adjusted basis) due to increased spend to continue to build and strengthen Truist s brand. Net occupancy expense decreased 20 million 47 million, or 6.2 on an adjusted basis) primarily due to consolidations of branches and other facilities. Equipment expense decreased 35 million 41 million, or 8.2 on an adjusted basis) primarily due to laptop purchases in the prior year. Personnel expense decreased 165 million, or 1.9 18 million, or 0.2 on an adjusted basis) due to lower other post-retirement benefit expense, which is almost entirely offset by lower other income, lower incentives expenses, and lower defined benefit costs, partially offset by higher salaries due to additional personnel costs for acquisitions, annual merit increases, and investments in revenue producing businesses and enterprise technology, and higher medical claims. 

Merger-Related and Restructuring Charges 

Truist has incurred certain merger-related and restructuring charges, which include: 
 
 severance and personnel-related costs or credits; 
 occupancy and equipment charges or credits, which relate to costs or gains associated with lease terminations, obsolete equipment write-offs and the sale of duplicate facilities and equipment; 
 professional services, which relate to legal and investment banking advisory fees and other consulting services pertaining to restructuring initiatives or transactions; 
 systems conversion and related charges, which represent costs to integrate the entity s information technology systems; 
 other merger-related and restructuring charges or credits, which include expenses necessary to convert and combine the acquired branches and operations of merged companies, direct media advertising related to the mergers and acquisitions, asset and supply inventory write-offs, and other similar charges; and 
 write-offs related to exiting certain businesses. 
 
 46 Truist Financial Corporation 

Merger-related and restructuring accruals are established when the costs are incurred or once all requirements for a plan to dispose of or outsource certain business functions have been approved by management. Merger and restructuring accruals are re-evaluated periodically and adjusted as necessary. The remaining accruals at December 31, 2022 are generally expected to be utilized within one year, unless they relate to specific contracts that expire later. 

The following table presents a summary of merger-related and restructuring charges and the related accruals. The 2022 and 2021 merger-related and restructuring costs primarily reflect charges as a result of the Merger, including costs for severance and other benefits, costs related to exiting facilities, and other restructuring initiatives. Table 12: Merger-Related and Restructuring Accrual Activity (Dollars in millions) Accrual at Jan 1, 2021 Expense Utilized Accrual at Dec 31, 2021 Expense Utilized Accrual at Dec 31, 2022 Severance and personnel-related 36 336 (295) 77 92 (160) 9 Occupancy and equipment 139 (139) 175 (175) Professional services 16 256 (235) 37 142 (167) 12 Systems conversion and related costs 
 59 (59) 60 (60) Other 11 32 (31) 12 44 (51) 5 Total (1) 63 822 (759) 126 513 (613) 26 
 (1) Related to the Merger, the Company recognized 368 million of expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, the Company had an accrual of 19 million related to the Merger. The remaining expense and accrual relate to other restructuring activities. 

Segment Results 
 
 Truist operates and measures business activity across three segments: Consumer Banking and Wealth, Corporate and Commercial Banking, and Insurance Holdings, with functional activities included in Other, Treasury, and Corporate. The Company s business segment structure is based on the manner in which financial information is evaluated by management as well as the products and services provided or the type of client served. 
 
 The segment results are presented based on internal management methodologies that were designed to support these strategic objectives. Unlike financial accounting, there is no comprehensive authoritative body of guidance for management accounting equivalent to GAAP. The application and development of management reporting methodologies is an active process and undergoes periodic enhancements. The implementation of these enhancements to the internal management reporting methodology may materially affect the results disclosed for each segment, with no impact on consolidated results. When significant changes to management reporting methodologies take place, the impact of these changes is quantified and prior period information is revised. 
 
 Prior period results have been revised to reflect management reporting methodology changes resulting from the integration of heritage BB T and heritage SunTrust measurement processes and systems. Changes primarily relate to funds transfer pricing and internal equity allocations. The changes impacted 2021 and 2020 segment net interest income reported in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. CB W, C CB, and IH increased 868 million, 566 million, and 15 million, respectively, for 2021 and increased 117 million, 375 million, and 15 million, respectively, for 2020. These increases were offset with decreases in OT C of 1.4 billion for 2021 and 507 million for 2020. 
 
 See Note 21. Operating Segments for additional disclosures related to Truist s operating segments, including the internal accounting and reporting practices used to manage these segments. Table 13: Net Income by Reportable Segment Year Ended December 31, Change (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Consumer Banking and Wealth 3,785 3,770 3,019 0.4 24.9 Corporate and Commercial Banking 4,395 4,830 2,690 (9.0) 79.6 Insurance Holdings 546 530 418 3.0 26.8 Other, Treasury Corporate (2,459) (2,693) (1,635) (8.7) 64.7 Truist Financial Corporation 6,267 6,437 4,492 (2.6) 43.3 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 47 

2022 compared to 2021 
 
 Consumer Banking and Wealth 
 
 CB W net income was 3.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 15 million, or 0.4 , compared to the prior year. Segment net interest income increased 975 million primarily due to favorable funding credit on deposits attributable to the higher rate environment and higher average loan and deposit balances, partially offset by decreased loan spreads and lower purchase accounting accretion. The allocated provision for credit losses increased 717 million primarily due to a reserve release in the prior year as well as loan growth and a moderately slower economic outlook in the current year. Noninterest income decreased 274 million primarily due to a decrease in residential mortgage income. Noninterest expense decreased 94 million primarily due to lower net occupancy and incentive expenses as well as lower merger-related and restructuring charges, partially offset by increased operational losses. 
 
 CB W average loans and leases held for investment increased 4.9 billion, or 3.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year driven primarily by an increase in residential mortgage loans as well as increases in the Service Finance, prime auto, and recreational lending portfolios. These increases were partially offset by lower mortgage warehouse lending as well as runoff in other partnership lending programs and student loans. 
 
 CB W average total deposits increased 8.9 billion, or 3.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to increases in average noninterest bearing deposits, money market and savings, and interest bearing checking, partially offset by a decline in time deposits. 
 
 CB W had 2,123 banking offices at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 394 offices compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease in offices was driven primarily by the consolidation of branches as a result of the Merger. 
 
 Truist Wealth had assets under management of 180.4 billion as of December 31, 2022, a decrease of 29.2 billion, or 14 , compared to the prior year primarily due to market declines, partially offset by positive organic growth in assets under management. 
 
 Corporate and Commercial Banking 
 
 C CB net income was 4.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 435 million, or 9.0 , compared to the prior year. Segment net interest income increased 740 million primarily due to higher funding credit on deposits and increases to noninterest bearing deposit balances, partially offset by lower purchase accounting accretion and lower fee income associated with PPP loan forgiveness. The allocated provision for credit losses increased 786 million which reflects lower allowance releases in the current year compared to the prior year, partially offset by lower net charge-offs in the current year. Noninterest income decreased 513 million primarily due lower investment banking revenue. Noninterest expense decreased 31 million primarily due to lower incentive expense tied to lower revenues and lower professional fees as well as lower merger-related and restructuring charges, partially offset by investments in revenue producers. 
 
 C CB average loans and leases held for investment increased 11.0 billion, or 7.2 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. Excluding a 5.7 billion decrease in average PPP loans, average loans held for investment were up 16.6 billion, or 11 , primarily driven by an increase in the commercial and industrial portfolio loans, partially offset by a decrease in average commercial real estate and commercial construction loans. 
 
 C CB average total deposits decreased 1.9 billion, or 1.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year primarily due to a decrease in average interest bearing deposits, partially offset by an increase in noninterest bearing deposits. 
 
 Insurance Holdings 
 
 IH net income was 546 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 16 million, or 3.0 , compared to the prior year. Noninterest income increased 441 million, or 17 , primarily due to acquisitions and organic growth. Noninterest expense increased 425 million, or 20 , primarily due to investments in new hires and teammates, performance-driven incentive expense, higher merger-related charges related to acquisitions, and an increase in travel and entertainment expense. 
 
 48 Truist Financial Corporation 

Other, Treasury, and Corporate 
 
 OT C generated a net loss of 2.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of 2.7 billion in the prior year. Segment net interest income decreased 435 million due to higher funding credit on deposits to other segments, partially offset by higher funds transfer charges to other segments for loans and higher earnings in the securities portfolio from the higher rate environment. The allocated provision for credit losses increased 80 million, which reflects a build in the reserve for unfunded commitments in the current year compared to a release in the prior year. Noninterest income decreased 225 million primarily due to valuation changes from assets held for certain post-retirement benefits, which is primarily offset by lower personnel expense, and losses on the sale of securities in the current year. Noninterest expense decreased 827 million primarily due to lower personnel expense, charitable contributions to the Truist Foundation and the Truist Charitable Fund in the prior year, and lower merger-related and restructuring charges and incremental operating expenses related to the Merger. 

Analysis of Financial Condition 

Investment Activities 

Truist s Board-approved investment policy is carried out by the MRLCC, which meets regularly to review the economic environment and establish investment strategies. The MRLCC also has much broader responsibilities, which are discussed in the Market Risk section in MD A. 
 
 Investment strategies are reviewed by the MRLCC based on the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix, actual and anticipated loan demand, funding opportunities and the overall interest rate sensitivity of the Company. In general, the goals of the investment portfolio are: (i) to provide sufficient liquid assets to meet unanticipated deposit and loan fluctuations and overall funds management objectives; (ii) to provide eligible securities to secure public funds, trust deposits and other borrowings; and (iii) to earn an optimal return on funds invested commensurate with meeting the requirements of (i) and (ii) and consistent with the Company s risk appetite. 
 
 Truist Bank invests in securities allowable under bank regulations. These securities may include obligations of the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, GSEs (including MBS), bank eligible obligations of any state or political subdivision, non-agency MBS, structured notes, bank eligible corporate obligations (including corporate debentures), commercial paper, negotiable CDs, bankers acceptances, mutual funds, and limited types of equity securities. Table 14: Composition of Securities Portfolio (Dollars in millions) Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 AFS securities (at fair value): U.S. Treasury 10,295 9,795 GSE 303 1,698 Agency MBS - residential 55,225 134,042 Agency MBS - commercial 2,424 2,882 States and political subdivisions 416 420 Non-agency MBS 3,117 4,258 Other 21 28 Total AFS securities 71,801 153,123 HTM securities (at amortized cost): Agency MBS - residential 57,713 1,494 Total securities 129,514 154,617 

The securities portfolio totaled 129.5 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 154.6 billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease includes paydowns and maturities of 20.8 billion, as well as market declines of 14.0 billion, partially offset by purchases of 10.1 billion. In the first quarter of 2022, Truist transferred 59.4 billion of AFS securities to HTM as the Company continues to execute upon its asset-liability management strategies. As of December 31, 2022, 41 of the investment securities portfolio was classified as held-to-maturity based on amortized cost. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 5.6 of the securities portfolio was variable rate, excluding the impact of swaps, compared to 4.6 as of December 31, 2021. The effective duration of the securities portfolio was 6.7 years at December 31, 2022, compared to 5.8 years at December 31, 2021, excluding the impact of unsettled security purchases at period end. The increase in duration was driven by higher rates, resulting in slower prepayments and longer average lives for the MBS portfolio. 
 
 U.S. Treasury, GSE, and Agency MBS represents 97 of the total securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. While the overwhelming majority of the portfolio remains in agency MBS securities, the Company also holds AAA rated non-agency MBS as the risk adjusted returns for these securities are more attractive than agency MBS. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 49 

The following table presents the securities portfolio by major category of security holdings with ranges of maturities and average yields: Table 15: Securities Yields by Major Category and Maturity December 31, 2022 (Dollars in millions) AFS HTM Fair Value Effective Yield (1) Amortized Cost Effective Yield (1) U.S. Treasury: Within one year 1,619 1.30 One to five years 8,196 0.98 Five to ten years 455 1.35 After ten years 25 3.02 Total 10,295 1.05 GSE: One to five years 7 2.91 Five to ten years 10 3.06 After ten years 286 2.93 Total 303 2.94 Agency MBS - residential: (2) One to five years 15 2.49 Five to ten years 534 2.49 After ten years 54,676 2.54 57,713 1.79 Total 55,225 2.54 57,713 1.79 Agency MBS - commercial: (2) Within one year 1 2.80 One to five years 7 2.87 Five to ten years 66 3.51 After ten years 2,350 1.78 Total 2,424 1.83 States and political subdivisions: Within one year 3 6.37 One to five years 72 3.44 Five to ten years 165 4.75 After ten years 176 3.78 Total 416 4.12 Non-agency MBS: (2) After ten years 3,117 2.38 Total 3,117 2.38 Other: Within one year 6 3.79 Five to ten years 15 6.21 Total 21 5.50 Total securities 71,801 2.31 57,713 1.79 
 (1) Yields represent interest computed under the effective interest method on a TE basis using the federal income tax rate and the amortized cost of the securities. 
 (2) For purposes of the maturity table, MBS, which are not due at a single maturity date, have been included in maturity groupings based on the contractual maturity. The expected life of MBS will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay the underlying mortgage loans. 
 
 50 Truist Financial Corporation 

Lending Activities 

Truist strives to meet the credit needs of its clients while pursuing a balanced strategy of loan profitability, loan growth, and loan quality. Management believes that this purpose can best be accomplished by building strong client relationships over time and developing in-depth local market knowledge. The Company employs strict underwriting criteria governing the degree of risk assumed and the diversity of the loan portfolio in terms of type, industry, and geographical concentration. 
 
 Truist lends to a diverse client base that is geographically dispersed to mitigate concentration risk arising from local and regional economic downturns. The following discussion provides additional information on the Company s loan and lease portfolios. Refer to the Risk Management section for a discussion of the credit risk management policies used to manage the portfolios. 
 
 Commercial Loan and Lease Portfolio 
 
 Commercial loans and leases represent the largest category of the Company s loan and lease portfolio. Commercial Community Banking generally targets small-to-middle market businesses with annual sales between 2 million and 500 million, while CIB provides lending solutions to large corporate clients. The commercial loan and lease portfolio consists of lending to public and private business clients and is composed of commercial and industrial, owner occupied, equipment leasing and financing, commercial real estate, government and institutional financing, and premium financing 
 
 In accordance with the Company s lending policy, each commercial loan undergoes a detailed underwriting process. Commercial loans are typically priced with an interest rate tied to market indices, such as the prime rate or SOFR and are individually monitored and reviewed for deterioration in the ability of the client to repay the loan. The majority of Truist s commercial loans are secured by real estate, business equipment, inventories, and other types of collateral. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
 
 Truist primarily originates conforming mortgage loans, loans under FHA, U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or U.S. Department of Agriculture programs, and higher quality jumbo and construction-to-permanent loans for 1-4 family residential properties. Conforming loans are loans that are underwritten in accordance with the underwriting standards set forth by FNMA and FHLMC. They are generally collateralized by one-to-four-family residential real estate, typically have loan-to-collateral value ratios of 80 or less at origination, or have mortgage insurance as required by investors and are made to borrowers in good credit standing. 
 
 Risks associated with mortgage lending include interest rate risk, which is mitigated through the sale of a substantial portion of conforming fixed-rate loans in the secondary mortgage market and an effective MSR hedging process. Credit risk is managed through rigorous underwriting procedures and mortgage insurance. The right to service the loans and receive servicing income is generally retained when conforming loans are sold. Management believes that the retention of mortgage servicing diversifies income while enabling Truist to build long-term client relationships and offer high quality client service. Truist also purchases residential mortgage loans from correspondent originators. The loans purchased from third-party originators are subject to substantially the same underwriting and risk-management criteria as loans originated internally. 
 
 Residential Home Equity and Direct Loan Portfolio 
 
 The residential home equity and direct loan portfolio is composed of a wide variety of secured and unsecured loans offered through Truist s branch network, as well as loans originated by LightStream, Truist s national online consumer lending division. Loans originated through the Truist branch network include revolving home equity lines of credit secured by first or second liens on residential real estate and certain other secured and unsecured lending marketed to qualifying clients and other creditworthy candidates in Truist s market areas. LightStream provides fixed-rate, unsecured lending to consumers with strong credit through its proprietary online loan origination system. 
 
 Indirect Auto Loan Portfolio 
 
 The indirect auto portfolio primarily includes secured indirect installment loans to consumers for the purchase of new and used automobiles. The indirect auto portfolio also includes nonprime and near prime automobile finance. Such loans are originated through approved franchised and independent dealers throughout the Truist market area and nationally through Regional Acceptance Corporation. These loans are relatively homogeneous, and no single loan is individually significant in terms of its size and potential risk of loss. Indirect auto loans are subject to rigorous lending policies and procedures and are underwritten with note amounts and credit limits that are consistent with the Company s risk philosophy. In addition to its normal underwriting due diligence, Truist uses application systems and scoring systems to help underwrite and manage the credit risk in its indirect auto portfolio. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 51 

Indirect Other Loan Portfolio 
 
 The indirect other portfolio includes secured indirect installment loans to consumers for the purchase of new and used boats and recreational vehicles. The indirect other portfolio also includes small ticket consumer lending related to the purchase of power sports and outdoor power equipment, and trailers. These loans are relatively homogeneous, and no single loan is individually significant in terms of its size and potential risk of loss. These loans are subject to similar rigorous lending policies and procedures as the indirect auto loan portfolio. The indirect other loan portfolio also includes other indirect and point-of-sale lending to consumers to finance home improvements, furniture purchases, certain elective health-care services, and other consumer products segments. These loans are originated in accordance with strict underwriting criteria as determined by Truist. 
 
 Student Loan Portfolio 
 
 The student loan portfolio is primarily composed of government guaranteed student loans and additionally includes certain private student loans originated by third parties. The government guarantee mitigates substantially all of the risk related to principal and interest repayment for this component of the portfolio. Private student loans were purchased from third-party originators with credit enhancements that partially mitigate the Company s credit exposure. 
 
 Credit Card Loan Portfolio 
 
 The credit card portfolio consists of the outstanding balances on credit cards. Truist markets credit cards to its existing client base and does not solicit cardholders through nationwide programs or other forms of mass marketing. Such balances are generally unsecured and actively managed. 
 
 Refer to Note 5. Loans and ACL for additional information. 

The following table summarizes the loan portfolio: Table 16: Loans and Leases as of Period End (Dollars in millions) Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Commercial: Commercial and industrial 164,307 138,762 CRE 22,676 23,951 Commercial construction 5,849 4,971 Consumer: Residential mortgage 56,645 47,852 Residential home equity and direct 25,432 25,066 Indirect auto 27,951 26,441 Indirect other 12,977 10,883 Student 5,287 6,780 Credit card 4,867 4,807 Total loans and leases HFI 325,991 289,513 LHFS 1,444 4,812 Total loans and leases 327,435 294,325 
 
 Loans and leases HFI were 326.0 billion at December 31, 2022, up 36.5 billion compared to 2021. 
 
 Commercial loans increased 25.1 billion during 2022 primarily due to broad-based growth within the commercial and industrial portfolio and the BankDirect acquisition, which added 3.1 billion of loans on November 1, 2022. These increases were partially offset by a 1.9 billion decline in PPP loans. 
 
 Consumer loans, including credit cards, increased 11.3 billion during 2022 primarily due to an 8.8 billion increase in residential mortgages due to correspondent channel production and lower prepayments, a 2.1 billion increase in indirect other primarily due to growth from Service Finance, recreational lending, and Sheffield portfolios, partially offset by runoff in other partnership lending programs, and a 1.5 billion increase in indirect auto primarily in the prime auto segment. These increases were partially offset by 1.5 billion runoff in student loans. 
 
 LHFS decreased 3.4 billion during 2022 primarily due to certain residential mortgage correspondent channel production being retained and lower overall mortgage volumes due to rising rate environment, as well as a decline in commercial loans. 
 
 52 Truist Financial Corporation 

The following table presents a summary of the loans and leases by scheduled repayment period and interest rate terms. Determinations of maturities are based on scheduled repayments, except when rollovers or extensions are included for purposes of measuring the ACL. Truist s credit policy typically does not permit automatic renewal of loans. At the scheduled maturity date (including balloon payment date), the client generally must request a new loan to replace the matured loan and execute either a new note or note modification with rate, terms and conditions negotiated at that time. Table 17: Loan Maturities December 31, 2022 (Dollars in millions) 1 Year or Less 1 to 5 Years 5 to 15 Years After 15 Years Total Fixed rate: Commercial: Commercial and industrial 11,761 15,801 12,459 2,278 42,299 CRE 556 2,185 1,209 3 3,953 Commercial construction 16 91 45 2 154 Total commercial 12,333 18,077 13,713 2,283 46,406 Consumer: Residential mortgage 1,627 6,616 17,051 25,692 50,986 Residential home equity and direct 3,238 7,767 3,585 495 15,085 Indirect auto 6,136 19,748 2,067 27,951 Indirect other 2,423 6,034 3,774 717 12,948 Student 23 99 76 1 199 Total consumer 13,447 40,264 26,553 26,905 107,169 Credit card 79 79 Total fixed rate 25,859 58,341 40,266 29,188 153,654 Variable rate: Commercial: Commercial and industrial 24,184 84,302 12,098 1,424 122,008 CRE 3,419 12,765 2,535 4 18,723 Commercial construction 1,340 4,161 175 19 5,695 Total commercial 28,943 101,228 14,808 1,447 146,426 Consumer: Residential mortgage 177 750 2,087 2,645 5,659 Residential home equity and direct 814 4,924 4,578 31 10,347 Indirect other 1 5 22 1 29 Student 318 1,539 2,555 676 5,088 Total consumer 1,310 7,218 9,242 3,353 21,123 Credit card 4,788 4,788 Total variable rate 35,041 108,446 24,050 4,800 172,337 Total loans and leases HFI 60,900 166,787 64,316 33,988 325,991 
 
 Certain residential mortgage loans have an initial period where the borrower is only required to pay the periodic interest. After the interest-only period, the loan will require the payment of both interest and principal over the remaining term. The outstanding balances of variable rate residential mortgage loans in the interest-only phase were approximately 342 million and 288 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

The following table presents the composition of average loans and leases: Table 18: Average Loans and Leases For the Three Months Ended 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Dec 31, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Mar 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Commercial: Commercial and industrial 159,308 152,123 145,558 138,872 134,804 CRE 22,497 22,245 22,508 23,555 24,396 Commercial construction 5,711 5,284 5,256 5,046 5,341 Consumer: Residential mortgage 56,292 53,271 49,237 47,976 47,185 Residential home equity and direct 25,518 25,394 25,124 24,883 25,146 Indirect auto 28,117 28,057 26,496 26,088 26,841 Indirect other 12,848 12,300 11,471 10,860 10,978 Student 5,533 5,958 6,331 6,648 6,884 Credit card 4,842 4,755 4,728 4,682 4,769 Total average loans and leases HFI 320,666 309,387 296,709 288,610 286,344 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 53 

Average loans and leases held for investment for the fourth quarter of 2022 were 320.7 billion, up 11.3 billion, or 3.6 , compared to the third quarter of 2022. The company added 3.1 billion of loans in conjunction with the acquisition of BankDirect on November 1, 2022, which contributed 2.1 billion of average loan growth for the fourth quarter of 2022. Excluding the acquisition, average loans and leases held for investment increased 9.2 billion, or 3.0 compared to the third quarter of 2022. 
 
 Average commercial loans increased 7.9 billion, or 4.4 , due to broad-based growth within the commercial and industrial portfolio and the BankDirect acquisition. 
 
 Average consumer loans increased 3.3 billion, or 2.7 , due to a 3.0 billion increase in residential mortgages due to correspondent channel production and lower prepayments. In addition, indirect other increased 548 million primarily due to growth from the Service Finance, recreational lending, and Sheffield portfolios, partially offset by runoff in other partnership lending programs. These increases were partially offset by 425 million runoff in student loans. 
 
 54 Truist Financial Corporation 

Asset Quality 
 
 The following tables summarize asset quality information: 
 Table 19: Asset Quality (Dollars in millions) Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 NPAs: NPLs: Commercial and industrial 398 394 CRE 82 29 Commercial construction 7 Residential mortgage 240 296 Residential home equity and direct 173 141 Indirect auto 289 218 Indirect other 6 5 Total NPLs HFI 1,188 1,090 Loans held for sale 22 Total nonaccrual loans and leases 1,188 1,112 Foreclosed real estate 4 8 Other foreclosed property 58 43 Total nonperforming assets 1,250 1,163 TDRs: Performing TDRs: Commercial and industrial 136 147 CRE 5 5 Commercial construction 1 Residential mortgage - government guaranteed 917 480 Residential mortgage - nonguaranteed 335 212 Residential home equity and direct 76 98 Indirect auto 462 389 Indirect other 6 7 Student - nonguaranteed 30 25 Credit card 18 27 Total performing TDRs 1,986 1,390 Nonperforming TDRs 214 152 Total TDRs 2,200 1,542 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing: Commercial and industrial 49 13 CRE 1 Commercial construction Residential mortgage - government guaranteed 759 978 Residential mortgage - nonguaranteed 27 31 Residential home equity and direct 15 9 Indirect auto 1 1 Indirect other 10 3 Student - government guaranteed 702 864 Student - nonguaranteed 4 4 Credit card 37 27 Total loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing 1,605 1,930 Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing: Commercial and industrial 256 130 CRE 25 20 Commercial construction 5 2 Residential mortgage - government guaranteed 268 256 Residential mortgage - nonguaranteed 346 258 Residential home equity and direct 127 107 Indirect auto 646 607 Indirect other 128 64 Student - government guaranteed 396 549 Student - nonguaranteed 6 6 Credit card 64 45 Total loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing 2,267 2,044 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 55 

Nonperforming assets totaled 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022, up 87 million compared to December 31, 2021 due to increases in the indirect auto and CRE portfolios, partially offset by a decrease in the residential mortgage portfolio. Nonperforming loans and leases represented 0.36 of total loans and leases, down two basis points compared to December 31, 2021. 
 
 Performing TDRs were up 596 million compared to the prior year primarily due to increases in residential mortgages and indirect auto. 
 
 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing totaled 1.6 billion at December 31, 2022, down 325 million compared to the prior year 
 primarily due to a decline in government guaranteed residential mortgages and government guaranteed student loans. Excluding government guaranteed loans, the ratio of loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases was 0.04 at December 31, 2022, up one basis point from December 31, 2021. 
 
 Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing totaled 2.3 billion at December 31, 2022, up 223 million compared to the prior year due to increases in the commercial and industrial, nonguaranteed residential mortgage, and indirect other portfolios, partially offset by a decline in the student portfolio. The ratio of loans 30-89 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases was 0.70 at December 31, 2022, down one basis point compared to the prior year. 

Problem loans include NPLs and loans that are 90 days or more past due and still accruing as disclosed in Table 19. In addition, for the commercial portfolio segment, loans that are rated special mention or substandard performing are closely monitored by management as potential problem loans. Refer to Note 5. Loans and ACL for the amortized cost basis of loans by origination year and credit quality indicator as well as additional disclosures related to NPLs. Table 20: Asset Quality Ratios Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Loans 30-89 days past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases HFI 
 0.70 0.71 Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases HFI 
 0.49 0.67 NPLs as a percentage of loans and leases HFI 
 0.36 0.38 NPLs as a percentage of total loans and leases (1) 0.36 0.38 NPAs as a percentage of: 
 Total assets (1) 
 0.23 0.21 Loans and leases HFI plus foreclosed property 
 0.38 0.39 ALLL as a percentage of loans and leases HFI 
 1.34 1.53 Ratio of ALLL to NPLs 
 3.68x 4.07x Loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing as a percentage of loans and leases HFI, excluding PPP and other government guaranteed (2) 
 0.04 0.03 
 (1) Includes LHFS. 
 (2) This asset quality ratio has been adjusted to remove the impact of government guaranteed loans. Management believes the inclusion of such assets in this asset quality ratio results in distortion of this ratio because collection of principal and interest is reasonably assured, or the ratio might not be comparable to other periods presented or to other portfolios that do not have government guarantees. 
 
 Table 21: Asset Quality Ratios (Continued) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases HFI: 
 Commercial: Commercial and industrial 0.04 0.10 0.21 CRE 0.02 0.01 0.27 Commercial construction (0.07) (0.03) 0.28 Consumer: Residential mortgage (0.01) 0.02 0.09 Residential home equity and direct 0.84 0.54 0.61 Indirect auto 1.17 0.92 1.16 Indirect other 0.64 0.30 0.32 Student 0.34 0.31 0.29 Credit card 2.98 2.42 2.99 Total 0.27 0.24 0.36 Ratio of ALLL to net charge-offs 5.32x 6.36x 5.21x 
 
 56 Truist Financial Corporation 

The following table presents activity related to NPAs: Table 22: Rollforward of NPAs (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Balance, January 1 1,163 1,387 New NPAs 1,983 2,008 Advances and principal increases 662 364 Disposals of foreclosed assets (1) (471) (356) Disposals of NPLs (2) (129) (274) Charge-offs and losses (494) (401) Payments (917) (970) Transfers to performing status (560) (546) Other, net 13 (49) Ending balance, December 31 1,250 1,163 
 (1) Includes charge-offs and losses recorded upon sale of 130 million and 115 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes gains, net of charge-offs recorded upon sale of 2 million and 3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 TDRs occur when a borrower is experiencing, or is expected to experience, financial difficulties in the near term and a concession has been granted to the borrower. As a result, Truist works with borrowers to prevent further difficulties and to improve the likelihood of recovery on a loan. To facilitate this process, a concessionary modification that would not otherwise be considered may be granted, resulting in classification of the loan as a TDR. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of performing TDR activity: Table 23: Rollforward of Performing TDRs (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Balance, January 1 1,390 1,361 Inflows 1,055 651 Payments and payoffs (1) (283) (407) Charge-offs (36) (44) Transfers to nonperforming TDRs (2) (48) (46) Removal due to the passage of time (72) (12) Non-concessionary re-modifications (1) (15) Transferred to LHFS, sold and other (19) (98) Balance, December 31 1,986 1,390 
 (1) Includes scheduled principal payments, prepayments, and payoffs of amounts outstanding. 
 (2) Represent loans that no longer meet the requirements necessary to reflect the loan in accruing status. 
 
 The following table provides further details regarding the payment status of TDRs outstanding: Table 24: Payment Status of TDRs (1) December 31, 2022 (Dollars in millions) Current Past Due 30-89 Days Past Due 90 Days Or More Total Performing TDRs: Commercial: Commercial and industrial 135 99.3 1 0.7 136 CRE 5 100.0 5 Commercial construction 1 100.0 1 Consumer: Residential mortgage - government guaranteed 496 54.1 111 12.1 310 33.8 917 Residential mortgage - nonguaranteed 294 87.7 31 9.3 10 3.0 335 Residential home equity and direct 71 93.4 5 6.6 76 Indirect auto 389 84.2 73 15.8 462 Indirect other 5 83.3 1 16.7 6 Student - nonguaranteed 27 90.0 2 6.7 1 3.3 30 Credit card 15 83.3 2 11.1 1 5.6 18 Total performing TDRs 1,438 72.4 226 11.4 322 16.2 1,986 Nonperforming TDRs 90 42.0 32 15.0 92 43.0 214 Total TDRs 1,528 69.5 258 11.7 414 18.8 2,200 
 (1) Past due performing TDRs are included in past due disclosures and nonperforming TDRs are included in NPL disclosures. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 57 

ACL 
 
 Activity related to the ACL is presented in the following tables: Table 25: Activity in ACL Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of period 4,695 6,199 1,889 CECL adoption - impact to retained earnings before tax 2,762 CECL adoption - reserves on PCD assets 378 Provision for credit losses 777 (813) 2,335 Charge-offs: Commercial and industrial (143) (243) (412) CRE (13) (10) (78) Commercial construction (1) (2) (30) Residential mortgage (9) (23) (56) Residential home equity and direct (294) (214) (231) Indirect auto (411) (336) (378) Indirect other (100) (57) (60) Student (22) (24) (23) Credit card (176) (150) (182) Total charge-offs (1,169) (1,059) (1,450) Recoveries: Commercial and industrial 87 107 96 CRE 8 6 5 Commercial construction 5 4 11 Residential mortgage 16 12 10 Residential home equity and direct 81 79 66 Indirect auto 91 92 87 Indirect other 23 24 23 Student 1 1 1 Credit card 34 37 32 Total recoveries 346 362 331 Net charge-offs (823) (697) (1,119) Other 6 (46) Balance, end of period 4,649 4,695 6,199 ACL: ALLL 4,377 4,435 5,835 RUFC 272 260 364 Total ACL 4,649 4,695 6,199 

Net charge-offs during 2022 totaled 823 million, or 0.27 as a percentage of average loans, and were up three basis points compared to the prior year, primarily driven by normalizing trends across certain consumer loan portfolios, partially offset by lower charge offs in the commercial and industrial portfolio. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses was 4.6 billion and includes 4.4 billion for the allowance for loan and lease losses and 272 million for the reserve for unfunded commitments. The ALLL ratio was 1.34 , compared to 1.53 at December 31, 2021. The decline in the ALLL ratio was due to strong portfolio performance and growth in higher quality loans, partially offset by a moderately slower economic outlook. The ALLL covered nonperforming loans and leases held for investment 3.68 times compared to 4.07 times at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the ALLL was 5.32 times annualized net charge-offs, compared to 6.36x times at December 31, 2021. 
 
 58 Truist Financial Corporation 

The following table presents an allocation of the ALLL. The entire amount of the allowance is available to absorb losses occurring in any category of loans and leases. Table 26: Allocation of ALLL by Category December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Amount ALLL in Each Category Loans in Each Category Amount ALLL in Each Category Loans in Each Category Commercial and industrial 1,409 32.3 50.3 1,426 32.2 47.9 CRE 224 5.1 7.0 350 7.9 8.3 Commercial construction 46 1.1 1.8 52 1.2 1.7 Residential mortgage 399 9.1 17.4 308 6.9 16.5 Residential home equity and direct 549 12.5 7.8 615 13.9 8.7 Indirect auto 981 22.4 8.6 1,022 23.0 9.1 Indirect other 311 7.1 4.0 195 4.4 3.8 Student 98 2.2 1.6 117 2.6 2.3 Credit card 360 8.2 1.5 350 7.9 1.7 Total ALLL 4,377 100.0 100.0 4,435 100.0 100.0 RUFC 272 260 Total ACL 4,649 4,695 
 
 Truist monitors the performance of its home equity loans and lines secured by second liens similarly to other consumer loans and utilizes assumptions specific to these loans in determining the necessary ALLL. Truist also receives notification when the first lien holder, whether Truist or another financial institution, has initiated foreclosure proceedings against the borrower. When notified that the first lien is in the process of foreclosure, Truist obtains valuations to determine if any additional charge-offs or reserves are warranted. These valuations are updated at least annually thereafter. 
 
 Truist has limited ability to monitor the delinquency status of the first lien, unless the first lien is held or serviced by Truist. Truist estimates credit losses on second lien loans where the first lien is delinquent based on historical experience; the increased risk of loss on these credits is reflected in the ALLL. As of December 31, 2022, Truist held or serviced the first lien on 32 of its second lien positions. 

Other Assets 
 
 The components of other assets are presented in the following table: Table 27: Other Assets as of Period End (Dollars in millions) Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Bank-owned life insurance 7,618 7,281 Tax credit and other private equity investments 6,825 6,309 Prepaid pension assets 4,539 5,938 DTAs 3,027 Accounts receivable 2,682 2,244 Accrued income 2,265 1,791 Leased assets and related assets 2,082 2,092 FHLB stock 1,279 48 ROU assets 1,193 1,168 Prepaid expenses 1,162 1,152 Equity securities at fair value 898 1,066 Derivative assets 684 2,370 Other 874 690 Total other assets 35,128 32,149 

Funding Activities 

Deposits are the primary source of funds for the Company s lending and investing activities. Scheduled payments and maturities from portfolios of loans and investment securities also provide a stable source of funds. FHLB advances, other secured borrowings, Federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowed funds, as well as long-term debt issued through the capital markets, all provide supplemental liquidity sources. Funding activities are monitored and governed through Truist s overall ALM process under the governance and oversight of the MRLCC, which is further discussed in the Market Risk section in MD A. The following section provides a brief description of the various sources of funds. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 59 

Deposits 

Deposits are obtained principally from individuals and businesses within Truist s geographic area and include noninterest-bearing checking accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, CDs, and IRAs. Deposit account terms vary with respect to the minimum balance required, the time period the funds must remain on deposit and service charge schedules. Interest rates paid on specific deposit types are determined based on (i) competitor deposit rates, (ii) the anticipated amount and timing of funding needs, (iii) the availability and cost of alternative sources of funding, and (iv) anticipated future economic conditions and interest rates. Deposits are attractive sources of funding because of their stability and relative cost. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of deposits: Table 28: Deposits as of Period End (Dollars in millions) Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Noninterest-bearing deposits 135,742 145,892 Interest checking 110,464 115,754 Money market and savings 143,815 138,956 Time deposits 23,474 15,886 Total deposits 413,495 416,488 
 
 Deposits totaled 413.5 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 3.0 billion from December 31, 2021. The decline in deposits reflects the impacts of monetary tightening, inflation, and higher interest rate alternatives, partially offset by growth in time deposits, which reflects increases in various wholesale deposit products to support funding. 
 
 The amount of deposits above the FDIC s limit of 250,000 was 189.6 billion and 202.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, calculated using the same methodology as the Call Report for Truist Bank. The following table summarizes the maturities of time deposit accounts above 250,000: Table 29: Scheduled Maturities of Time Deposits 250,000 and Greater December 31, 2022 (Dollars in millions) Three months or less 6,995 Over three through six months 285 Over six through twelve months 747 Over twelve months 178 Total 8,205 

The following table presents average deposits: Table 30: Average Deposits Three Months Ended 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 Dec 31, 2022 Sep 30, 2022 Jun 30, 2022 Mar 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Noninterest-bearing deposits 141,032 146,041 148,610 145,933 146,492 Interest checking 110,001 111,645 112,375 112,159 110,506 Money market and savings 144,730 147,659 148,632 141,500 137,676 Time deposits 17,513 14,751 14,133 15,646 16,292 Total average deposits 413,276 420,096 423,750 415,238 410,966 
 
 Average deposits for the fourth quarter of 2022 were 413.3 billion, a decrease of 6.8 billion, or 1.6 , compared to the prior quarter. The decrease in deposits was primarily driven by the impacts of monetary tightening, inflation, and higher interest rate alternatives. Average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 3.4 compared to the prior quarter and represented 34.1 of total deposits for the fourth quarter of 2022. Average money market and savings and interest checking declined 2.0 and 1.5 , respectively, compared to the prior quarter. Average time deposits increased 19 primarily due to an increase in wholesale time deposit products. 
 
 60 Truist Financial Corporation 

Borrowings 

The types of short-term borrowings that have been, or may be, used by the Company include Federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, master notes, commercial paper, short-term bank notes, and short-term FHLB advances. Short-term borrowings fluctuate based on the Company s funding needs. While deposits remain the primary source for funding loan originations, management uses short-term borrowings as a supplementary funding source for loan growth and other balance sheet management purposes. The following table summarizes certain information for the past three years with respect to short-term borrowings excluding trading liabilities, hedges, and collateral in excess of derivative exposure: Table 31: Short-Term Borrowings As Of / For The Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase: Maximum outstanding at any month-end during the year 6,033 3,279 2,348 Balance outstanding at end of year 2,128 2,435 1,221 Average outstanding during the year 2,670 2,382 1,504 Average interest rate during the year 1.33 0.07 0.64 Average interest rate at end of year 4.36 0.01 0.13 Federal funds purchased and short-term borrowed funds: Maximum outstanding at any month-end during the year 22,324 6,244 19,392 Balance outstanding at end of year 19,340 808 3,372 Average outstanding during the year 10,135 1,936 6,951 Average interest rate during the year 2.79 0.12 1.17 Average interest rate at end of year 4.38 0.08 0.20 

At December 31, 2022, short-term borrowings totaled 23.4 billion, an increase of 18.1 billion compared to December 31, 2021. Average short-term borrowings were 15.0 billion, or 3.2 of total funding, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 6.2 billion, or 1.4 , for the prior year. 
 
 Long-term debt provides funding and, to a lesser extent, regulatory capital, and primarily consists of senior and subordinated notes issued by Truist and Truist Bank. Long-term debt totaled 43.2 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 7.3 billion compared to December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had maturities and redemptions of 5.9 billion of senior and 300 million of subordinated long-term debt and redeemed 800 million of FHLB advances, which resulted in a gain on early extinguishment of long-term debt of 39 million. The Company issued 3.9 billion fixed-to-floating rate senior notes with an interest rate between 4.12 and 6.12 due July 28, 2026 to October 28, 2033 and 1.0 billion fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes with an interest rate of 4.92 due July 28, 2033. Additionally, Truist issued 10.8 billion notional of FHLB floating rate advances. The average cost of long-term debt was 2.31 for the year ended December 31, 2022, up 78 basis points compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 The increases in short-term borrowings and long-term debt were primarily to fund 33.1 billion of strong loan growth during 2022. 
 
 In January 2023, Truist issued 1.5 billion fixed-to-floating rate senior notes with an interest rate of 4.87 due January 26, 2029 and 1.5 billion fixed-to-floating rate senior notes with an interest rate of 5.12 due January 26, 2034. 

Shareholders Equity 
 
 Total shareholders equity was 60.5 billion at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 8.7 billion from December 31, 2021. This decline includes a decrease of 12.0 billion in AOCI and 3.0 billion in dividends, partially offset by 6.3 billion in net income. Truist s book value per common share at December 31, 2022 was 40.58, compared to 47.14 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 61 

Risk Management 
 
 Truist maintains a comprehensive risk management framework supported by people, processes, and systems to identify, measure, monitor, manage, and report significant risks arising from its exposures and business activities. Effective risk management involves optimizing risk and return while operating in a safe and sound manner, and promoting compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Company s risk management framework promotes the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite. 
 
 Truist has developed and employs a risk framework that further guides business functions in identifying, measuring, responding to, monitoring, and reporting on possible exposures to the organization. The risk taxonomy drives internal risk measurement and monitoring and enables Truist to clearly and transparently communicate to stakeholders the level of potential risk the Company faces and the Company s position on managing risk to acceptable levels. 
 
 Truist is committed to fostering a culture that supports identification and escalation of risks across the organization. All teammates are responsible for upholding the Company s purpose, mission, and values, and are encouraged to speak up if there is any activity or behavior that is inconsistent with the Company s culture. The Truist code of ethics guides the Company s decision making and informs teammates on how to act in the absence of specific guidance. 
 
 Truist seeks an appropriate return for the risk taken in its business operations. Risk-taking activities are evaluated and prioritized to identify those that present attractive risk-adjusted returns, while preserving asset value and capital. 
 
 Truist s compensation plans are designed to consider teammate s adherence to and successful implementation of Truist s risk values and associated policies and procedures. The Company s compensation structure supports its core values and sound risk management practices in an effort to promote judicious risk-taking behavior. 

Truist s purpose, mission, and values are the foundation for the risk management framework utilized at Truist and therefore serve as the basis on which the risk appetite and risk strategy are built. Truist s RMO provides independent oversight and guidance for risk-taking across the enterprise. In keeping with the belief that consistent values drive long-term behaviors, Truist s RMO has established the following risk values which guide teammates day-to-day activities: 
 
 Managing risk is the responsibility of every teammate. 
 Proactively identifying risk and managing the inherent risks of their businesses is the responsibility of the business units. 
 Managing risk with a balanced approach which includes quality, profitability, and growth. 
 Utilizing sound and consistent risk management practices. 
 Thoroughly analyzing risk quantitatively and qualitatively. 
 Realizing lower cost of capital from high quality risk management. 
 
 Truist places significant emphasis on risk management oversight and maintains a separate Board-level Risk Committee, which assists the Board in its oversight of the Company s risk management function. The Committee is responsible for approving and periodically reviewing the Company s risk management framework and risk management policies as well as monitoring the Company s risk profile, approving risk appetite statements, and providing input to management regarding Truist s risk appetite and risk profile. 
 
 The RMO is led by the CRO and is responsible for overseeing the identification, measurement, monitoring, management, and reporting of risk. The CRO has direct access to the Board to communicate any risk issues (current or emerging) as well as the performance of the risk management activities throughout the enterprise. 
 
 As illustrated below, the risk management framework is supported by three lines of defense. The following figure describes the roles of the three lines of defense: 
 
 62 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist s Risk Governance framework is designed to provide comprehensive Board and Executive Leadership risk oversight, maintaining a committee governance structure that is designed to ensure alignment and execution of the risk management framework. The committee structure provides a mechanism to allow for efficient aggregation and escalation of risk information from the business units up to the risk programs, Executive Leadership and ultimately the Board. 

The executive level committees include the ERC, ECRC, MRLCC, EBPCC, TMC, and DC, each of which is chaired by a member of Executive Leadership. These committees provide oversight of each of the primary risk types. 
 
 The ERC establishes a fully integrated view of risks across the company, provides broad strategic oversight of all risk types, and oversees corporate-wide strategies for identifying, assessing, controlling, measuring, monitoring, and reporting risk at the enterprise level. The ERC is responsible for maintaining an effective risk management framework and monitoring its adoption and execution across the enterprise. The ERC is chaired by the CRO, and its membership includes all members of Executive Leadership and the Chief Audit Officer. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 63 

Principal types of inherent risk include market, credit, liquidity, technology, compliance, strategic, reputational, and operational risks. The following is a discussion of these risks. 

Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or economic value arising from changes in the market value of portfolios, securities, or other financial instruments. Market risk results from changes in the level, volatility, or correlations among financial market risk factors or prices, including interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates, equity, and commodity prices. 
 
 Effective management of market risk is essential to achieving Truist s strategic financial objectives. Truist s most significant market risk exposure is to interest rate risk in its balance sheet; however, market risk also results from underlying product liquidity risk, price risk, and volatility risk in Truist s business units. Interest rate risk results from differences between the timing of rate changes and the timing of cash flows associated with assets and liabilities (re-pricing risk); from changing rate relationships among different yield curves affecting bank activities (basis risk); from changing rate relationships across the spectrum of maturities (yield curve risk); and from interest-related options inherently embedded in bank products (options risk). 
 
 The primary objectives of effective market risk management are to minimize adverse effects from changes in market risk factors on net interest income, net income, and capital, and to offset the risk of price changes for certain assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. At Truist, market risk management also includes the enterprise-wide IPV function. 
 
 Interest Rate Market Risk 
 
 As a financial institution, Truist is exposed to interest rate risk from assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet positions. To keep net interest margin as stable as possible, Truist actively manages its interest rate risk exposure through the strategic repricing of its assets and liabilities, taking into account the volumes, maturities, and mix. Truist primarily uses three methods to measure and monitor its interest rate risk: (i) simulations of possible changes to net interest income over the next two years based on gradual changes in interest rates; (ii) analysis of interest rate shock scenarios; and (iii) analysis of economic value of equity based on changes in interest rates. 
 
 The Company s simulation model takes into account assumptions related to prepayment trends, using a combination of market data and internal historical experiences for deposits and loans, as well as scheduled maturities and payments, and the expected outlook for the economy and interest rates. These assumptions are reviewed and adjusted monthly to reflect changes in current interest rates compared to the rates applicable to Truist s assets and liabilities. The model also considers Truist s current and prospective liquidity position, current balance sheet volumes, projected growth and/or contractions, accessibility of funds for short-term needs and capital maintenance. 
 
 Deposit betas (the sensitivity of deposit rate changes relative to market rate changes) are an important assumption in the interest rate risk modeling process. Truist applies deposit beta assumptions to non-maturity interest-bearing deposit accounts when determining its interest rate sensitivity. Non-maturity, interest-bearing deposit accounts include interest checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts that do not have a contractual maturity. Truist applies an average deposit beta of approximately 50 to its non-maturity interest-bearing accounts when determining its interest rate sensitivity. Truist also regularly conducts sensitivity analyses on other key variables, including noninterest-bearing deposits, to determine the impact these variables could have on the Company s interest rate risk position. The predictive value of the simulation model depends upon the accuracy of the assumptions, but management believes that it provides helpful information for the management of interest rate risk. 
 
 The following table shows the effect that the indicated changes in interest rates would have on net interest income as projected for the next 12 months assuming a gradual change in interest rates as described below. Table 32: Interest Sensitivity Simulation Analysis Interest Rate Scenario Annualized Hypothetical Percentage Change in Net Interest Income Gradual Change in Prime Rate (bps) Prime Rate Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Up 100 8.50 4.25 (0.11) 5.18 Up 50 8.00 3.75 0.03 3.94 No Change 7.50 3.25 Down 50 (1) 7.00 2.75 (0.96) (1.78) Down 100 (1) 6.50 2.25 (1.29) (2.06) 
 (1) The Down 50 and 100 rate scenarios incorporate a floor of one basis point. 
 
 64 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist has established parameters related to interest rate sensitivity measures that prescribe a maximum negative impact on net interest income under different interest rate scenarios that would result in an escalation to the Board. The following parameters and interest rate scenarios are considered Truist s primary measures of interest rate risk: 
 
 Maximum decrease in net interest income of 7.5 for the next 12 months assuming a 100 basis point gradual change in interest rates over four quarters; and a 
 Maximum decrease in net interest income of 10 for the next 12 months assuming an immediate 100 basis point parallel shock change in interest rates. This interest rate shock analysis is designed to create an outer bound of acceptable interest rate risk. 

Management considers how the interest rate risk position could be impacted by changes in balance sheet mix. Liquidity in the banking industry was very strong post-COVID-19, which resulted in growth in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. However, with the significant increase in rates in 2022, noninterest-bearing deposits have begun to disintermediate to interest-bearing accounts. Additional balance movement above what is currently projected would reduce the asset sensitivity of Truist s balance sheet because the Company may increase interest-bearing funds to offset the loss of this advantageous funding source. Alternatively, the Company may reduce the size of its investment portfolio to offset the loss of noninterest-bearing demand deposits to limit the impact on the balance sheet s asset sensitivity. The behavior of these deposits is one of the most important assumptions used in determining the interest rate risk position of Truist. A decrease in the amount of these deposits in the future would reduce the asset sensitivity of Truist s balance sheet because the Company may increase interest-bearing funds to offset the loss of this advantageous funding source. 
 
 The following table shows the results of Truist s interest-rate sensitivity position assuming the loss of additional demand deposits and an associated increase in managed rate deposits versus current projections under various interest rate scenarios. For purposes of this analysis, Truist modeled the incremental beta of managed rate deposits for the replacement of the demand deposits at 100 . Table 33: Deposit Mix Sensitivity Analysis Gradual Change in Rates (bps) Base Scenario at December 31, 2022 (1) Results Assuming a Decrease in Noninterest-Bearing Demand Deposits 20 Billion 40 Billion Up 100 (0.11) (0.77) (1.44) Up 50 0.03 (0.45) (0.94) 
 (1) The base scenario is equal to the annualized hypothetical percentage change in net interest income at December 31, 2022 as presented in the preceding table. 
 
 Truist uses financial instruments including derivatives to manage interest rate risk related to securities, commercial loans, MSRs, and mortgage banking operations, long-term debt, and other funding sources. Truist has utilized derivatives to facilitate transactions on behalf of its clients and as part of associated hedging activities. As of December 31, 2022, Truist had derivative financial instruments outstanding with notional amounts totaling 333.0 billion, with an associated net negative fair value of 2.3 billion. See Note 19. Derivative Financial Instruments for additional disclosures. 
 
 LIBOR Transition 
 
 For most tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR, the administrator of LIBOR extended publication until June 30, 2023. To prepare for the transition to an alternative reference rate, management formed a cross-functional project team to address the LIBOR transition. The project team performed an assessment to identify the potential risks related to the transition from LIBOR to a new index or multiple indices and provides updates to Executive Leadership and the Board. As of December 31, 2022, Truist had outstanding LIBOR-based instruments that mature after June 30, 2023, including loan and lease exposures totaling approximately 135 billion, notional derivative exposure totaling approximately 131 billion, long-term debt of 1.1 billion, and preferred stock of 1.5 billion. These amounts are inclusive of remediated contracts, which contain adequate fallback language for the transition. 
 
 Contract fallback language for existing loans and leases has largely been reviewed and certain contracts will require amendments to support the transition away from LIBOR. Impacted lines of business have started remediating these contracts to include standardized fallback language or amending contracts to new reference rates at maturities or based on client request. Current fallback language used to remediate contracts that mature after June 30, 2023 is generally consistent with ARRC recommendations and includes use of hardwired fallback language, which will transition loans to a SOFR based rate after June 30, 2023. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 65 

The progress and approach to remediation will vary based on the type of contract and existing language used in the agreement. For commercial lending, a significant number of remaining LIBOR contracts will require client outreach and remediation. Through mid-2022, the Company s primary focus was supporting new loan production using SOFR and other alternative reference rates as well as transitioning any renewing LIBOR based contracts to alternative reference rates. Efforts have shifted to amend and remediate contracts, excluding mortgage and student loans, that mature post June 30, 2023 127 billion), which will continue to be the focus during 2023. Of the contracts remaining on LIBOR that have not yet been remediated or modified to a new reference rate, Truist s intends to add / update fallback language or move these contracts to new references rates prior to cessation. A significant portion of these contracts contain existing fallback language that will transition the contract to a Prime based rate if not remediated, while a smaller population contains no historical fallback language. Should the institution be unable to remediate all contracts, those based on Prime will be prioritized to provide a more consistent client experience with the hardwired fallback transition to SOFR. If there are remaining contracts without fallback language, Truist may leverage recent legislation and corresponding safe harbor provision to transition these loans to SOFR. 
 
 Truist s adjustable-rate mortgage products 3.5 billion) have consistent and adequate fallback language to transition away from LIBOR in line with industry expectations; therefore, these contracts will not require remediation. Remediation of student loans 4.7 billion) will follow pending guidance from the Department of Education on the replacement rate for payment allowances on certain student loans and recent guidance from the CFPB to allow transition to comparable rates, in the private student loan portfolio, where LIBOR is used directly. 
 
 Upon the discontinuation of LIBOR, derivatives that reference LIBOR will transition to a SOFR-based replacement rate as set forth in the ISDA protocol addressing LIBOR fallbacks or as established under the recently passed Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act and rules promulgated thereunder by the FRB. Certain derivatives without a clearly defined or practicable replacement benchmark rate will use the recent Federal legislation to replace LIBOR with a SOFR-based rate established by FRB rulemaking and follow the ISDA Protocol for transition. This legislation will also provide additional administrative benefit for a small portion of the commercial and consumer lending portfolios where contracts do not contain fallback language and have not yet been remediated, providing a remediation path to a SOFR based rate. 
 
 In addition, the transition from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate, such as SOFR, for the Company s preferred stock and the Company s and Truist Bank s floating rate notes is dependent on a number of factors, including the fallback language for the applicable series of preferred stock or notes, the application of the LIBOR Act and the rules promulgated thereunder by the FRB, determinations to be made by third-party calculation or paying agents rather than the Company or Truist Bank as to the replacement rates, and the impact of any publication of a synthetic U.S. dollar LIBOR as currently proposed by the Financial Conduct Authority. See Note 12. Shareholders Equity for information about preferred stock using LIBOR. 
 
 Training has been provided for impacted teammates and will continue during 2023. Truist will continue to provide timely notices and information to impacted clients about the transition during the first half of 2023. Truist continues to manage the impact of these contracts and other financial instruments, systems implications, hedging strategies, and related operational and market risks on established project plans for business and operational readiness to support the transition. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, Truist ceased entering into new contracts with a LIBOR reference rate for all product offerings, except on a limited basis, as permissible. The Company is actively using SOFR as a reference rate and has originated approximately 119 billion of loans, issued 9.9 billion of long-term debt, and has 108 billion in notional derivative exposure using this alternative reference rate as of December 31, 2022. Alternatives, such as SOFR, may react differently from LIBOR in times of economic stress. Truist expects SOFR to be the primary pricing benchmark used across the industry and will continue to offer additional SOFR based products. Market risks associated with the transition to alternative reference rates are dependent on market conditions as loans are transitioned to alternative reference rates during 2022 and early 2023. Additional alternative reference rates, such as Bloomberg Short Term Bank Yield, will be supported based on market demand. Other emerging credit sensitive rates will be evaluated as additional alternatives for LIBOR based on market developments. For a further discussion of the various risks associated with the potential cessation of LIBOR and the transition to alternative reference rates, refer to the section titled Item1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Market Risk from Trading Activities 
 
 As a financial intermediary, Truist provides its clients access to derivatives, foreign exchange and securities markets, which generate market risks. Trading market risk is managed using a comprehensive risk management approach, which includes measuring risk using VaR, stress testing, and sensitivity analysis. Risk metrics are monitored against a suite of limits on a daily basis at both the trading desk level and at the aggregate portfolio level, which is intended to ensure that exposures are in line with Truist s risk appetite. 
 
 Truist is also subject to risk-based capital guidelines for market risk under the Market Risk Rule. 
 
 66 Truist Financial Corporation 

Covered Trading Positions 
 
 Covered positions subject to the Market Risk Rule include trading assets and liabilities, specifically those held for the purpose of short-term resale or with the intent of benefiting from actual or expected short-term price movements or to lock in arbitrage profits. Truist s trading portfolio of covered positions results primarily from market making and underwriting services for the Company s clients, as well as associated risk mitigating hedging activity. The trading portfolio, measured in terms of VaR, consists primarily of four sub-portfolios of covered positions: (i) credit trading, (ii) fixed income securities, (iii) interest rate derivatives, and (iv) equity derivatives. As a market maker across different asset classes, Truist s trading portfolio also contains other sub-portfolios, including foreign exchange, loan trading, and commodity derivatives; however, these portfolios do not generate material trading risk exposures. 
 
 Valuation policies and methodologies exist for all trading positions. Additionally, these positions are subject to independent price verification. See Note 19. Derivative Financial Instruments, Note 18. Fair Value Disclosures, and Critical Accounting Policies herein for discussion of valuation policies and methodologies. 
 
 Securitizations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate market value of on-balance sheet securitization positions subject to the Market Risk Rule was 12 million, all of which were non-agency asset backed securities positions. Consistent with the Market Risk Rule requirements, the Company performs pre-purchase due diligence on each securitization position to identify the characteristics including, but not limited to, deal structure and the asset quality of the underlying assets, that materially affect valuation and performance. Securitization positions are subject to Truist s comprehensive risk management framework, which includes daily monitoring against a suite of limits. There were no off-balance sheet securitization positions during the reporting period. 
 
 Correlation Trading Positions 
 
 The trading portfolio of covered positions did not contain any correlation trading positions as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 VaR-Based Measures 
 
 VaR measures the potential loss of a given position or portfolio of positions at a specified confidence level and time horizon. Truist utilizes a historical VaR methodology to measure and aggregate risks across its covered trading positions. For risk management purposes, the VaR calculation is based on a historical simulation approach and measures the potential trading losses using a one-day holding period at a one-tail, 99 confidence level. For Market Risk Rule purposes, the Company calculates VaR using a 10-day holding period and a 99 confidence level. Due to inherent limitations of the VaR methodology, such as the assumption that past market behavior is indicative of future market performance, VaR is only one of several tools used to measure and manage market risk. Other tools used to actively manage market risk include stress testing, scenario analysis, and stop loss limits. 
 
 The trading portfolio s VaR profile is influenced by a variety of factors, including the size and composition of the portfolio, market volatility, and the correlation between different positions. A portfolio of trading positions is typically less risky than the sum of the risk from each of the individual sub-portfolios, because, under normal market conditions, risk within each category partially offsets the exposure to other risk categories. The following table summarizes certain VaR-based measures for the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Average one and ten-day VaR measures for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the same period of last year, primarily driven by higher market volatility in 2022. Maximum one and ten-day VaR measures for the year ended December 31, 2022 were lower than 2021 as heightened market volatility experienced during March 2020 was used for measuring VaR until March 2021. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 67 

Table 34: VaR-based Measures Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) 10-Day Holding Period 1-Day Holding Period 10-Day Holding Period 1-Day Holding Period VaR-based Measures: Maximum 38 14 68 16 Average 17 5 14 4 Minimum 6 3 3 1 Period-end 20 6 13 5 VaR by Risk Class: Interest Rate Risk 6 3 Credit Spread Risk 8 5 Equity Price Risk 1 1 Foreign Exchange Risk Portfolio Diversification (9) (5) Period-end 6 5 
 
 Stressed VaR-based measures 
 
 Stressed VaR, another component of market risk capital, is calculated using the same internal models as used for the VaR-based measure. Stressed VaR is calculated over a ten-day holding period at a one-tail, 99 confidence level and employs a historical simulation approach based on a continuous twelve-month historical window selected to reflect a period of significant financial stress for the Company s trading portfolio. The following table summarizes Stressed VaR-based measures: 
 Table 35: Stressed VaR-based Measures - 10 Day Holding Period Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Maximum 109 118 Average 70 59 Minimum 40 26 Period-end 77 65 
 
 Compared to the prior year, the average Stressed VaR measures increased primarily due to higher market making inventory levels in 2022. 
 
 Specific Risk Measures 
 
 Specific risk is a measure of idiosyncratic risk that could result from risk factors other than broad market movements (e.g., default or event risks). The Market Risk Rule provides fixed risk weights under a standardized measurement method while also allowing a model-based approach, subject to regulatory approval. Truist utilizes the standardized measurement method to calculate the specific risk component of market risk regulatory capital. As such, incremental risk capital requirements do not apply. 
 
 VaR Model Backtesting 
 
 In accordance with the Market Risk Rule, the Company evaluates the accuracy of its VaR model through daily backtesting by comparing aggregate daily trading gains and losses (excluding fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income, and intraday trading) from covered positions with the corresponding daily VaR-based measures generated by the model. As illustrated in the following graph, there were no Company-wide VaR backtesting exceptions during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The total number of Company-wide VaR backtesting exceptions over the preceding twelve months is used to determine the multiplication factor for the VaR-based capital requirement under the Market Risk Rule. The capital multiplication factor increases from a minimum of three to a maximum of four, depending on the number of exceptions. All Company-wide VaR backtesting exceptions are thoroughly reviewed in the context of VaR model use and performance. There was no change in the capital multiplication factor over the preceding twelve months. 
 68 Truist Financial Corporation 

Model Risk Oversight 
 
 MRO is responsible for the independent model validation of all decision tools and models including trading market risk models. The validation activities are conducted in accordance with MRO policy, which incorporates regulatory guidance related to the evaluation of model conceptual soundness, ongoing monitoring, and outcomes analysis. As part of ongoing monitoring efforts, the performance of all trading risk models are reviewed regularly to preemptively address emerging developments in financial markets, assess evolving modeling approaches, and identify potential model enhancement. 
 
 Stress Testing 
 
 The Company uses a comprehensive range of stress testing techniques to help monitor risks across trading desks and to augment standard daily VaR and other risk limits reporting. The stress testing framework is designed to quantify the impact of extreme, but plausible, stress scenarios that could lead to large, unexpected losses. Stress tests include simulations for historical repeats and hypothetical risk factor shocks. All trading positions within each applicable market risk category (interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign exchange rate risk, credit spread risk, and commodity price risk) are included in the Company s comprehensive stress testing framework. Management reviews stress testing scenarios on an ongoing basis and makes updates, as necessary, which is intended to ensure that both current and emerging risks are captured appropriately. Management also utilizes stress analyses to support the Company s capital adequacy assessment standards. See the Capital section of MD A for additional discussion of capital adequacy. 

Credit Risk 
 
 Credit risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from the default, inability or unwillingness of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty to meet the terms of any financial obligation to Truist or otherwise perform as agreed. Credit risk exists in all activities where success depends on the performance of a borrower, obligor, or counterparty. Credit risk arises when Truist funds are extended, committed, invested, or otherwise exposed through actual or implied contractual agreements, whether on or off-balance sheet. Credit risk increases when the credit quality of an issuer whose securities or other instruments the bank holds has deteriorated. 
 
 Truist has established the following general practices to manage credit risk: 
 
 limiting the amount of credit that individual lenders may extend to a borrower; 
 establishing a process for credit approval accountability; 
 careful initial underwriting and analysis of borrower, transaction, market and collateral risks; 
 ongoing servicing and monitoring of individual loans and lending relationships; 
 continuous monitoring of the portfolio, market dynamics and the economy; and 
 periodically reevaluating the Company s strategy and overall exposure as economic, market and other relevant conditions change. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 69 

The following discussion describes the underwriting procedures and overall risk management of Truist s lending function. 
 
 Underwriting Approach 
 
 The loan portfolio is a primary source of profitability and risk; therefore, proper loan underwriting is critical to Truist s long-term financial success. Truist s underwriting approach is designed to define acceptable combinations of specific risk-mitigating features that promote credit relationships that conform to Truist s risk philosophy. Provided below is a summary of the most significant underwriting criteria used to evaluate new loans and loan renewals: 
 
 Cash flow and debt service coverage - cash flow adequacy is a necessary condition of creditworthiness, meaning that loans must either be clearly supported by a borrower s cash flow or, if not, must be justified by secondary repayment sources. 
 Secondary sources of repayment - alternative repayment funds are a significant risk-mitigating factor as long as they are liquid, can be easily accessed, and provide adequate resources to supplement the primary cash flow source. 
 Value of any underlying collateral - loans are generally secured by the asset being financed. Because an analysis of the primary and secondary sources of repayment is the most important factor, collateral, unless it is liquid, does not justify loans that cannot be serviced by the borrower s normal cash flows. 
 Overall creditworthiness of the client, taking into account the client s relationships, both past and current, with Truist and other lenders - Truist s success depends on building lasting and mutually beneficial relationships with clients, which involves assessing their financial position and background. 
 Level of equity invested in the transaction - in general, borrowers are required to contribute or invest a portion of their own funds prior to any loan advances. 
 
 Refer to the Lending Activities section in MD A for a discussion of each loan and lease portfolio. 
 
 Liquidity Risk 
 
 Liquidity risk is the risk that (i) Truist will be unable to meet its obligations as they come due because of an inability to obtain adequate funding (funding liquidity risk), or (ii) Truist cannot easily unwind or offset specific exposures without significantly lowering market prices because of inadequate market depth or market disruptions (market liquidity risk). Refer to the Liquidity section in MD A for additional discussion. 
 
 Technology Risk 
 
 Technology risk is the business risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, involvement, influence, and adoption of information technology across the Company. Truist has defined and adopted a technology risk framework that provides the foundation for technology risk strategy, program, and oversight and defines key objectives, operating model components, risk domains, and capabilities to manage this risk. 
 
 Cybersecurity Risk 
 
 The technology landscape is constantly evolving, and new and unforeseen threats and actions by others may disrupt operations or result in losses beyond Truist s risk control thresholds. Truist maintains a comprehensive risk-based information security / cybersecurity framework implemented through people, processes, and technology whereby Truist actively monitors and evaluates threats, events, and the performance of its business operations and continually adapts its risk mitigation activities accordingly. 
 
 Truist s framework aligns with those of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, Cyber Risk Institute, the International Standards Organization 27000 series, the IT Governance Institute, and the Control Objectives for Information and Related Technology, as well as conforms with the requirements and guidance from applicable regulatory authorities, including the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council. In addition, Truist s framework, which includes internally and externally focused capabilities, drives the development and implementation of Truist s data security strategy that is designed to reduce risk while enabling Truist s corporate business objectives. 
 
 Truist has built an organization with dedicated, skilled talent to operationalize Truist s cybersecurity strategy. The cybersecurity strategy is enabled by continuous enhancement of Truist s multilayered defenses including advanced capabilities for early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery. Truist participates in the federally recognized Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center as a key part of the Company s cyber threat intelligence and response programs, as well as other industry organizations and initiatives that promote industry best practices such as harmonized cybersecurity standards, cyber readiness, and secure consumer financial data sharing. 
 
 70 Truist Financial Corporation 

To further mitigate the risks presented by an evolving cyber threat landscape, Truist provides data protection guidance to clients and promotes data protection awareness and accountability through mandatory teammate training. Truist conducts scenario-driven test exercises simulating impacts and consequences developed through analysis of real-world technology incidents as well as known and anticipated cyber threats. These exercises are designed to assess the viability of Truist s crisis response and management programs and provide the basis for continuous improvement. 
 
 Truist s cybersecurity risk program is overseen by Executive Leadership and the Board. Regular updates on the status of the cybersecurity risk program, including information security risks and incidents, emerging threats, and control environment, are aggregated and escalated to Executive Leadership and the Board. Additionally, Truist has a Cyber Incident Response Team that manages significant cyber-specific events with escalation up to Executive Leadership and the Board. Truist s framework requires annual exercises at a minimum to test Truist s preparedness. The Board devotes significant time and attention to its oversight of cyber security risk and approves related information security policies. Although Truist has invested substantial resources to manage and reduce cybersecurity risk, it is not possible to completely eliminate this risk. Truist obtains insurance that protects against certain losses, expenses, and damages associated with cybersecurity risk. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for additional information regarding cybersecurity risk. 
 
 Compliance Risk 
 
 Compliance risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules, or regulations, or from non-conformance with prescribed practices, internal policies, and procedures or ethical standards. This risk exposes Truist to fines, civil monetary penalties, payment of damages, and the voiding of contracts. Compliance risk can result in diminished reputation, reduced franchise or enterprise value, limited business opportunities, and lessened expansion potential. 
 
 Strategic Risk 
 
 Strategic risk is the risk of financial loss, diminished stakeholder confidence, or negative impact to human capital resulting from ineffective strategy setting and execution, adverse business decisions, or lack of responsiveness to changes in the banking industry and operating environment. Truist is committed to fulfilling its overall strategic objectives by selecting business strategies and operating businesses in a manner consistent with its established risk appetite, achieving profitability/earnings growth and maintaining strong confidence and trust with its key stakeholder constituencies. 
 
 Reputational Risk 
 
 Reputational risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, enterprise value, the Truist brand, and public confidence arising from negative publicity or public opinion, whether real or perceived, regarding Truist s business practices, products, services, transactions, or other activities undertaken by Truist, its representatives, or its partners. A negative reputation may impair Truist s relationship with clients, teammates, communities, or shareholders, and it is often a residual risk that arises when other risks are not managed properly. 
 
 Operational Risk 
 
 Operational risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems or from external events. It includes legal risk, which is the risk of loss arising from defective transactions, litigation or claims made, or the failure to adequately protect company-owned assets. An operational loss occurs when an event results in a loss or reserve originating from operational risk. 
 
 Model Risk 
 
 Model risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs. Truist uses models for many purposes, including the valuation of financial positions, estimation of credit losses, and the measurement of risk. Valuation models are used to value certain financial instruments for which quoted prices may not be readily available. Valuation models are also used as inputs for VaR, the estimation of VaR itself, regulatory capital, stress testing, and the ACL. Models are owned by the applicable BUs, who are responsible for the development, implementation, and use of their models. Oversight of these functions is performed by the MRO, which is a component of the RMO. Once models have been approved, model owners are responsible for the maintenance of an appropriate operating environment and must monitor and evaluate the performance of the models on a recurring basis. Models are updated in response to changes in portfolio composition, industry and economic conditions, technological capabilities, and other developments. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 71 

MRO manages model risk in a holistic manner through a suite of model governance and model validation activities. The risk of each model is assessed and classified into various risk tiers. Additionally, MRO maintains an enterprise-wide model inventory containing relevant model information. Regarding model validation, MRO utilizes internal validation analysts and managers with skill sets in predictive modeling to perform detailed reviews of model development, implementation, and conceptual soundness. On certain occasions, the MRO will also engage external parties to assist with validation efforts. Once in a production environment, MRO assesses a model s performance on a periodic basis through ongoing monitoring reviews. MRO tracks issues that have been identified during model validation or through ongoing monitoring and engages with model owners to ensure their timely remediation. MRO gauges model risk utilizing a collection of key risk indicators, which are periodically reported to relevant committees, including but not limited to, the Model Risk Oversight Committee as well as the Board Risk Committee. MRO will also present model risk topics to the Board Risk Committee as necessary. 

Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity represents the continuing ability to meet funding needs, including deposit withdrawals, repayment of borrowings and other liabilities, and funding of loan commitments. In addition to the level of liquid assets, such as cash, cash equivalents, and AFS securities, other factors affect the ability to meet liquidity needs, including access to a variety of funding sources, maintaining borrowing capacity, growing core deposits, loan repayment, and the ability to securitize or package loans for sale. 
 
 Truist monitors the ability to meet client demand for funds under both normal and stressed market conditions. In considering its liquidity position, management evaluates Truist s funding mix based on client core funding, client rate-sensitive funding, and national markets funding. In addition, management evaluates exposure to rate-sensitive funding sources that mature in one year or less. Management also measures liquidity needs against 30 days of stressed cash outflows for Truist and Truist Bank. To ensure a strong liquidity position and compliance with regulatory requirements, management maintains a liquid asset buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities. 
 
 Internal Liquidity Stress Testing 
 
 Liquidity stress testing is designed to ensure that Truist and Truist Bank have sufficient liquidity for a variety of institution-specific and market-wide adverse scenarios. Each liquidity stress test scenario applies defined assumptions to execute sources and uses of liquidity over varying planning horizons. The types of expected liquidity uses during a stressed event may include deposit attrition, contractual maturities, reductions in unsecured and secured funding, and increased draws on unfunded commitments. To mitigate liquidity outflows, Truist has identified sources of liquidity; however, access to these sources of liquidity could be affected within a stressed environment. 
 
 Truist maintains a liquidity buffer of cash on hand and highly liquid unencumbered securities that is sufficient to meet the projected net stressed cash-flow needs and maintain compliance with regulatory requirements. The liquidity buffer consists of unencumbered highly liquid assets and Truist s liquidity buffer is substantially the same in composition to what qualifies as HQLA under the LCR Rule. 
 
 Contingency Funding Plan 
 
 Truist has a contingency funding plan designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. This plan is designed to examine and quantify the organization s liquidity under the various internal liquidity stress scenarios and is periodically tested to assess the plan s reliability. Additionally, the plan provides a framework for management and other teammates to follow in the event of a liquidity contraction or in anticipation of such an event. The plan addresses authority for activation and decision making, liquidity options, and the responsibilities of key departments in the event of a liquidity contraction. 
 
 LCR and HQLA 
 
 The LCR rule requires that Truist and Truist Bank maintain an amount of eligible HQLA that is sufficient to meet its estimated total net cash outflows over a prospective 30 calendar-day period of stress. Eligible HQLA, for purposes of calculating the LCR, is the amount of unencumbered HQLA that satisfy operational requirements of the LCR rule. Truist and Truist Bank are subject to the Category III reduced LCR requirements. Truist held average weighted eligible HQLA of 89.4 billion and Truist s average LCR was 112 for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Effective July 2021, Truist became subject to final rules implementing the NSFR, which are designed to ensure that banking organizations maintain a stable, long-term funding profile in relation to their asset composition and off-balance sheet activities. At December 31, 2022, the Company was compliant with this requirement. 
 
 72 Truist Financial Corporation 

Sources of Funds 
 
 Management believes current sources of liquidity are sufficient to meet Truist s on- and off-balance sheet obligations. Truist funds its balance sheet through diverse sources of funding including client deposits, secured and unsecured capital markets funding, and shareholders equity. Truist Bank s primary source of funding is client deposits. Continued access to client deposits is highly dependent on public confidence in the stability of Truist Bank and its ability to return funds to clients when requested. 
 
 Truist Bank maintains a number of diverse funding sources to meet its liquidity requirements. These sources include unsecured borrowings from the capital markets through the issuance of senior or subordinated bank notes, institutional CDs, overnight and term Federal funds markets, and retail brokered CDs. Truist Bank also maintains access to secured borrowing sources including FHLB advances, repurchase agreements, and the FRB discount window. Available investment securities could be pledged to create additional secured borrowing capacity. The following table presents a summary of Truist Bank s available secured borrowing capacity and eligible cash at the FRB: 
 Table 36: Selected Liquidity Sources (Dollars in millions) Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Unused borrowing capacity: FRB 49,250 52,170 FHLB 20,770 49,244 Available investment securities (after haircuts) 
 85,401 116,600 Available secured borrowing capacity 155,421 218,014 Eligible cash at the FRB 15,556 14,714 Total 170,977 232,728 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Truist Bank s available secured borrowing capacity represented approximately 4.7 times the amount of wholesale funding maturities in one-year or less. FHLB unused borrowing capacity was 20.8 billion at December 31, 2022, down from 49.2 billion at December 31, 2021 primarily due to increases in short-term borrowings. 
 
 Parent Company 
 
 The Parent Company serves as the primary source of capital for the operating subsidiaries. The Parent Company s assets consist primarily of cash on deposit with Truist Bank, equity investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, and notes receivable from subsidiaries. The principal obligations of the Parent Company are payments on long-term debt. The main sources of funds for the Parent Company are dividends and management fees from subsidiaries, repayments of advances to subsidiaries, and proceeds from the issuance of equity and long-term debt. The primary uses of funds by the Parent Company are investments in subsidiaries, advances to subsidiaries, dividend payments to common and preferred shareholders, repurchases of common stock, and payments on long-term debt. See Note 22. Parent Company Financial Information for additional information regarding dividends from subsidiaries and debt transactions. 
 
 Access to funding at the Parent Company is more sensitive to market disruptions. Therefore, Truist prudently manages cash levels at the Parent Company to cover a minimum of one year of projected cash outflows which includes unfunded external commitments, debt service, common and preferred dividends and scheduled debt maturities, without the benefit of any new cash inflows. Truist maintains a significant buffer above the projected one year of cash outflows. In determining the buffer, Truist considers cash requirements for common and preferred dividends, unfunded commitments to affiliates, serving as a source of strength to Truist Bank, and being able to withstand sustained market disruptions that could limit access to the capital markets. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Parent Company had 37 months and 35 months, respectively, of cash on hand to satisfy projected cash outflows, and 22 months and 19 months, respectively, when including the payment of common stock dividends. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 Credit ratings are forward-looking opinions of rating agencies as to the Company s ability to meet its financial commitments and repay its securities and obligations in accordance with their terms of issuance. Credit ratings influence both borrowing costs and access to the capital markets. The Company s credit ratings are continuously monitored by the rating agencies and are subject to change at any time. As Truist seeks to maintain high-quality credit ratings, management meets with the major rating agencies on a regular basis to provide financial and business updates and to discuss current outlooks and trends. See Item 1A, Risk Factors for additional information regarding factors that influence credit ratings and potential risks that could materialize in the event of downgrade in the Company s credit ratings. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 73 

The following table presents the credit ratings and outlooks of Truist and Truist Bank as of December 31, 2022: Table 37: Credit Ratings of Truist Financial Corporation and Truist Bank Moody s S P Fitch DBRS Morningstar Truist Financial Corporation: Issuer A3 A- / A-2 A+ / F1 AAL / R-1M Senior unsecured A3 A- A AAL Subordinated A3 BBB+ A- AH Preferred stock Baa2(hyb) BBB- BBB AL Truist Bank: Issuer A2 A / A-1 A+ / F1 AA / R-1H Senior unsecured A2 A A+ AA Deposits Aa3 / P-1 NA AA- / F1+ AA Subordinated (P) A2 A- A AAL Ratings outlook: Credit trend Stable Positive Stable Stable 
 
 Recent changes in the Company s credit ratings and outlooks include: 
 
 On January 19, 2022, S P Global Ratings published Truist s assigned ESG Credit Indicators of E-2, S-2, and G-2, which were consistent with the scores assigned to most other banks and which indicated that environmental, social and governance factors have no material influence on the rating agency s analysis of the Company. 
 On August 15, 2022, DBRS Morningstar upgraded the ratings of Truist, including the Long-Term Issuer Rating to AA (low) from A (high). DBRS Morningstar also upgraded the ratings of Truist Bank, including the Long-Term Issuer Rating to AA from AA (low). The trend for all ratings was revised to Stable from Positive. The rating actions reflected the scale, quality, and diversity of Truist s franchise; the completion of the Merger integration; Truist s diversified products and geography; and the Company s sound balance sheet fundamentals and conservative risk profile. 
 On October 21, 2022, Fitch Ratings affirmed the ratings of Truist and Truist Bank, including the long-term and short-term issuer default ratings at A+ and F1, respectively, for both entities. Fitch Ratings also maintained a stable ratings outlook for all ratings. In affirming the ratings, Fitch cited Truist s diverse business model, conservative credit culture, and the completion of the Merger integration. 
 On November 3, 2022, Moody s Investors Service affirmed all of the ratings of Truist and its subsidiaries, including Truist Bank. Moody s also maintained a stable rating outlook for Truist. Moody s stated that the affirmation of Truist s ratings reflects the effective completion of its multi-year integration and Truist s strong, diverse, and resilient platform for organic growth, among, among other factors. 
 
 Management believes current sources of liquidity are adequate to meet Truist s current requirements and plans for continued growth. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 2.1 billion in obligations to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding. Many of the purchase obligations have terms that are not fixed and determinable and are included in the total amount of obligations based upon the estimated timing and amount of payment. In addition, certain of the purchase agreements contain clauses that would allow Truist to cancel the agreement with specified notice; however, that impact is not included in determining the total amount of obligations. See Note 9. Other Assets and Liabilities, Note 11. Borrowings, and Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information regarding outstanding balances of sources of liquidity and contractual commitments and obligations. 

Capital 
 
 The maintenance of appropriate levels of capital is a management priority and is monitored on a regular basis. Truist s principal goals related to the maintenance of capital are to provide adequate capital to support Truist s risk profile consistent with the Board-approved risk appetite, provide financial flexibility to support future growth and client needs, comply with relevant laws, regulations, and supervisory guidance, achieve optimal credit ratings for Truist and its subsidiaries, remain a source of strength for its subsidiaries, and provide a competitive return to shareholders. Risk-based capital ratios, which include CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and Total capital are calculated based on regulatory guidance related to the measurement of capital and risk-weighted assets. 
 
 74 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist regularly performs stress testing on its capital levels and is required to periodically submit the Company s capital plans and stress testing results to the banking regulators. Management regularly monitors the capital position of Truist on both a consolidated and bank-level basis. In this regard, management s objective is to maintain capital at levels that are in excess of internal capital limits, which are above the regulatory well capitalized minimums. Management has implemented internal stress capital ratio minimums to evaluate whether capital ratios calculated after the effect of alternative capital actions are likely to remain above internal minimums. Breaches of internal stressed minimums prompt a review of the planned capital actions included in Truist s capital plan. Table 38: Capital Requirements Minimum Capital Well Capitalized Minimum Capital Plus Stress Capital Buffer (1) Truist Truist Bank CET1 
 4.5 NA 6.5 7.0 Tier 1 capital 6.0 6.0 8.0 8.5 Total capital 8.0 10.0 10.0 10.5 Leverage ratio 4.0 NA 5.0 NA Supplementary leverage ratio 3.0 NA NA NA 
 (1) Reflects a SCB requirement of 2.5 applicable to Truist as of December 31, 2022. Truist s SCB requirement, received in the 2022 CCAR process, is effective from October 1, 2022 to September 30, 2023. 

Payments of cash dividends and repurchases of common shares are the methods used to manage any excess capital generated. In addition, management closely monitors the Parent Company s double leverage ratio (investments in subsidiaries as a percentage of shareholders equity). The active management of the subsidiaries equity capital is the process used to manage this important driver of Parent Company liquidity and is a key element in the management of Truist s capital position. 
 
 Management intends to maintain capital at Truist Bank at levels that exceed the minimum capital plus CCB. This will also result in Truist Bank being well-capitalized for regulatory purposes. Secondarily, it is management s intent to maintain Truist Bank s capital at levels that result in regulatory risk-based capital ratios that are generally comparable with peers of similar size, complexity, and risk profile. If the capital levels of Truist Bank increase above these guidelines, excess capital may be transferred to the Parent Company in the form of special dividend payments, subject to regulatory and other operating considerations. 
 
 Management s capital deployment plan in order of preference is to focus on (i) organic growth, (ii) dividends, (iii) strategic opportunities and acquisitions, and (iv) share repurchases if excess capital is available. 
 
 Truist Bank s capital ratios are presented in the following table: Table 39: Capital Ratios - Truist Bank Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 CET1 10.6 10.5 Tier 1 capital 10.6 10.5 Total capital 12.1 12.0 Leverage ratio 8.5 8.0 Supplementary leverage ratio 7.3 6.9 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 75 

Truist s capital ratios are presented in the following table: Table 40: Capital Ratios - Truist Financial Corporation (Dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands) Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Risk-based: CET1 9.0 9.6 Tier 1 capital 10.5 11.3 Total capital 12.4 13.2 Leverage ratio 8.5 8.7 Supplementary leverage ratio 7.3 7.4 Non-GAAP capital measure (1): Tangible common equity per common share 18.04 25.47 Calculation of tangible common equity (1): Total shareholders equity 60,537 69,271 Less: Preferred stock 6,673 6,673 Noncontrolling interests 23 Goodwill and intangible assets, net of deferred taxes 29,908 28,772 Tangible common equity 23,933 33,826 Risk-weighted assets 434,413 390,886 Common shares outstanding at end of period 1,326,829 1,327,818 
 (1) Tangible common equity and related measures are non-GAAP measures that exclude the impact of intangible assets, net of deferred taxes, and their related amortization. These measures are useful for evaluating the performance of a business consistently, whether acquired or developed internally. Truist s management uses these measures to assess profitability, returns relative to balance sheet risk, and shareholder value. These capital measures are not necessarily comparable to similar capital measures that may be presented by other companies. 

Truist s capital level at December 31, 2022 remains strong compared to the regulatory levels for well capitalized banks. Truist s CET1 ratio was 9.0 as of December 31, 2022. The decline compared to the 2021 CET1 ratio primarily reflects strong loan growth, acquisitions, and the impact from the phase-in of the CECL transition relief. 
 
 Truist increased the quarterly common dividend 8 during the year, paid 2.7 billion in common stock dividends or 2.00 per share, and repurchased 250 million of common stock. The dividend payout ratio for 2022 was 45 compared to 41 for the prior year. The total payout ratio for 2022 was 49 compared to 68 for the prior year, reflecting a greater focus on deploying capital to fund organic growth and acquisitions in 2022. In early 2023, Truist declared common dividends of 0.52 per share for the first quarter of 2023. 

Reclassifications 
 
 In certain circumstances, reclassifications have been made to prior period information to conform to the current presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on previously reported shareholders equity or net income. Refer to Note 1. Basis of Presentation for additional discussion regarding reclassifications. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 The accounting and reporting policies of Truist are in accordance with GAAP and conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. The financial position and results of operations are affected by management s application of accounting policies, including estimates, assumptions and judgments made to arrive at the carrying value of assets and liabilities and amounts reported for revenues and expenses. Different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in the consolidated financial position and/or consolidated results of operations and related disclosures. Understanding Truist s accounting policies is fundamental to understanding the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations. Accordingly, Truist s significant accounting policies and effects of new accounting pronouncements are discussed in detail in Note 1. Basis of Presentation. 
 
 The following is a summary of Truist s critical accounting policies that are highly dependent on estimates, assumptions, and judgments. These critical accounting policies are reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors on a periodic basis. 
 
 76 Truist Financial Corporation 

ACL 
 
 Truist s ACL represents management s best estimate of expected future credit losses related to the loan and lease portfolios and off-balance sheet lending commitments at the balance sheet date. Estimates of expected future loan and lease losses are determined by using statistical models and management s judgement. The models are designed to forecast probability of default, exposure at default and loss given default by correlating certain macroeconomic forecast data to historical experience. The models are generally applied at the portfolio level to pools of loans with similar risk characteristics. The macroeconomic data used in the models is based on forecasted variables for the reasonable and supportable period of two years. Beyond this forecast period the models gradually revert to long-term historical loss conditions over a one-year period. As a means of addressing uncertainty related to future economic conditions, the quantitative allowance includes an adjustment that reflects model output calculated using a range of potential future economic conditions. Expected losses are estimated through contractual maturity, giving appropriate consideration to expected prepayments unless the borrower has a right to renew that is not cancellable or it is reasonably expected that the loan will be modified as a TDR. 
 
 A qualitative allowance which incorporates management s judgement is also included in the estimation of expected future loan and lease losses, including qualitative adjustments in circumstances where the model output is inconsistent with management s expectations with respect to expected credit losses. This allowance is used to adjust for limitations in modeled results related to the current economic conditions, and considerations with respect to the impact of current and expected events or risks, the outcomes of which are uncertain and may not be completely considered by quantitative models. 
 
 Management considers a range of macroeconomic forecast data in connection with the allowance estimation process. Under the range of scenarios considered as of December 31, 2022, use of the Company s pessimistic scenario would have resulted in an increase to the modeled allowance results of approximately 2.2 billion. This estimate reflects the sensitivity of the modeled allowance estimate to macroeconomic forecast data but does not consider other qualitative adjustments that could increase or decrease modeled loss estimates calculated using this alternative economic scenario. 
 
 The Company individually evaluates expected credits losses related to loans and leases that do not share similar risk characteristics and loans that have been classified as a TDR. For individually evaluated loans, the ALLL is determined through review of data specific to the borrower and related collateral, if any, while for TDRs, default expectations and estimated prepayment speeds that are specific to each of the restructured loan populations are incorporated in the determination of the ALLL. 
 
 The methodology used to determine an estimate for the RUFC is similar to that used to determine the funded component of the ALLL and is measured over the period there is a contractual obligation to extend credit that is not unconditionally cancellable. The RUFC is adjusted for factors specific to binding commitments, including the probability of funding and exposure at default. A detailed discussion of the methodology used in determining the ACL is included in Note 1. Basis of Presentation. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 The vast majority of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are based on either quoted market prices or market prices for similar instruments. Refer to Note 18. Fair Value Disclosures for additional disclosures regarding the fair value of financial instruments and Note 2. Business Combinations for additional disclosures regarding business combinations. 
 
 Securities 
 
 Truist generally utilizes a third-party pricing service in determining the fair value of its AFS investment securities, whereas trading securities are priced internally. Fair value measurements for investment securities are derived from market-based pricing matrices that were developed using observable inputs that include benchmark yields, benchmark securities, reported trades, offers, bids, issuer spreads, and broker quotes. Management performs procedures to evaluate the fair values provided by the third-party service provider. These procedures, which are performed independent of the responsible business unit, include comparison of pricing information received from the third-party pricing service to other third-party pricing sources, review of additional information provided by the third-party pricing service and other third-party sources for selected securities and back-testing to compare the price realized on security sales to the daily pricing information received from the third-party pricing service. The Enterprise Valuation Committee, which provides oversight to Truist s enterprise-wide IPV function, is responsible for the comparison of pricing information received from the third-party pricing service or internally to other third-party pricing sources, approving tolerance limits determined by IPV for price comparison exceptions, reviewing significant changes to pricing and valuation policies and reviewing and approving the pricing decisions made on any illiquid and hard-to-price securities. When market observable data is not available, which generally occurs due to the lack of liquidity or inactive markets for certain securities, the valuation of the security is subjective and may involve substantial judgment by management to reflect unobservable input assumptions. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 77 

MSRs 
 
 Truist s primary class of MSRs for which it separately manages the economic risks relates to residential mortgages. Residential MSRs do not trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. While sales of MSRs do occur, the precise terms and conditions typically are not readily available. Accordingly, Truist estimates the fair value of residential MSRs using a stochastic OAS valuation model to project residential MSR cash flows over multiple interest rate scenarios, which are then discounted at risk-adjusted rates. The OAS model considers portfolio characteristics, contractually specified servicing fees, prepayment assumptions, delinquency rates, late charges, other ancillary revenue, costs to service and other economic factors. Truist reassesses and periodically adjusts the underlying inputs and assumptions in the OAS model to reflect market conditions and assumptions that a market participant would consider in valuing the residential MSR asset. 
 
 Fair value estimates and assumptions are compared to industry surveys, recent market activity, actual portfolio experience and, when available, observable market data. Due to the nature of the valuation inputs, residential MSRs are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. The value of residential MSRs is significantly affected by mortgage interest rates available in the marketplace, which influence mortgage loan prepayment speeds. In general, during periods of declining interest rates, the value of MSRs declines due to increasing prepayments attributable to increased mortgage-refinance activity. Conversely, during periods of rising interest rates, the value of residential MSRs generally increases due to reduced refinance activity. Truist typically hedges against market value changes in the residential MSRs. Refer to Note 8. Loan Servicing for quantitative disclosures reflecting the effect that changes in management s assumptions would have on the fair value of residential MSRs. 
 
 LHFS 
 
 Truist originates certain residential and commercial mortgage loans for sale to investors that are measured at fair value. The fair value is primarily based on quoted market prices for securities backed by similar types of loans. Changes in the fair value are recorded as components of Mortgage banking income, while the related origination costs are generally recognized in Personnel expense when incurred. The changes in fair value are largely driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to loan funding and changes in the fair value of servicing associated with the LHFS. Truist uses various derivative instruments to mitigate the economic effect of changes in fair value of the underlying loans. LHFS also includes certain loans, generally carried at LOCOM, where management has committed to a formal plan of sale and the loans are available for immediate sale. Adjustments to reflect unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value, up to the original carrying amount, and realized gains and losses upon ultimate sale are classified as noninterest income. The fair value of these loans is estimated using observable market prices when available. When observable market prices are not available, the Company uses judgment and estimates fair value using internal models that reflect assumptions consistent with those that would be used by a market participant in estimating fair value. Refer to Note 1. Basis of Presentation for further description of the Company s accounting for LHFS. 
 
 Trading Loans 
 
 Truist elects to measure certain loans at fair value for financial reporting where fair value aligns with the underlying business purpose. Specifically, loans included within this classification include trading loans that are (i) purchased in connection with the Company s TRS business, (ii) part of the loan sales and trading business within the C CB segment, or (iii) backed by the SBA. Refer to Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 19. Derivative Financial Instruments, for further discussion of the Company s TRS business. The loans purchased in connection with the Company s TRS and sales and trading businesses are primarily commercial and corporate leveraged loans valued based on quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active by a third-party pricing service. SBA loans are fully guaranteed by the U.S. government as to contractual principal and interest and there is sufficient observable trading activity upon which to base the estimate of fair value. 
 
 Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Truist uses derivatives to manage various financial risks and in a dealer capacity to facilitate client transactions. Truist mitigates credit risk by subjecting counterparties to credit reviews and approvals similar to those used in making loans and other extensions of credit. In addition, certain counterparties are required to provide collateral to Truist when their unsecured loss positions exceed certain negotiated limits. The fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined based on quoted market prices and internal pricing models that use market observable data for interest rates, foreign exchange, equity, and credit. The fair value of interest rate lock commitments, which are related to mortgage loan commitments, is based on quoted market prices adjusted for commitments that Truist does not expect to fund and includes the value attributable to the net servicing fee. Refer to Note 19. Derivative Financial Instruments for further information on the Company s derivatives. 
 
 78 Truist Financial Corporation 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 The acquisition method of accounting requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations are recorded at their fair values. This often involves estimates based on third-party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, which are inherently subjective. The amortization of definite-lived intangible assets is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received, which is also subjective. Business combinations also typically result in goodwill, which is subject to ongoing periodic impairment tests based on the fair values of the reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates. Refer to Note 1. Basis of Presentation for a description of the impairment testing process. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, Truist s reporting units with goodwill balances were CB W, C CB, and IH. Management reviews the goodwill of each reporting unit for impairment on an annual basis as of October 1 or more often if events or circumstances indicate that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value. For its annual impairment review, Truist elected to perform a qualitative test of each of its reporting units. 
 
 In performing the qualitative assessment as of October 1, 2022, the Company evaluated events and circumstances since the last quantitative goodwill assessment, macroeconomic conditions, Truist s own operations, key financial metrics, as well as reporting unit and Company financial performance, and the industry in which it operates. After assessing all relevant events or circumstances, Truist concluded that it is not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value. 
 
 The Company also performs sensitivity analyses around the assumptions used in the most recent quantitative test as well as relevant events or circumstances in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions, and the resulting estimated fair values. While the Company s sensitivity analyses did not indicate risk of impairment as of October 1, 2022, future potential changes in these assumptions may impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit and cause the fair value of the reporting unit to be below its carrying value. Additionally, a reporting unit s carrying value could change based on market conditions, asset growth, or the risk profile of those reporting units, which could impact whether the fair value of a reporting unit is less than carrying value. 
 
 The Company monitored events and circumstances during the fourth quarter of 2022, concluding that it was not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of one or more of its reporting units is below its respective carrying amount as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Truist is subject to income tax laws of the U.S., its states, and the municipalities in which the Company conducts business. In estimating the net amount due to or to be received from tax jurisdictions either currently or in the future, the Company assesses the appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent, and other pertinent information. The income tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant government taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining the tax accruals and in evaluating the Company s tax positions, including evaluating uncertain tax positions. Changes in the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws and new judicial guidance, the status of examinations by the tax authorities, and newly enacted statutory and regulatory guidance that could impact the relative merits and risks of tax positions. These changes, when they occur, impact tax expense and can materially affect operating results. Truist reviews tax positions quarterly and adjusts accrued taxes as new information becomes available. 
 
 Deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable in future years. Such assets arise due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from NOL and tax credit carryforwards. The Company regularly evaluates the ability to realize DTAs, recognizing a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of the DTA will not be realized. In determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary, the Company considers the level of taxable income in prior years to the extent that carrybacks are permitted under current tax laws, as well as estimates of future pre-tax and taxable income and tax planning strategies that would, if necessary, be implemented. Truist currently maintains a valuation allowance for certain state carryforwards. For additional income tax information, refer to Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Note 14. Income Taxes. 
 
 Pension and Postretirement Benefit Obligations 
 
 Truist offers various pension plans and postretirement benefit plans to teammates. Calculation of the obligations and related expenses under these plans requires the use of actuarial valuation methods and assumptions, which are subject to management judgment and may differ significantly if different assumptions are used. The discount rate assumption used to measure the postretirement benefit obligations is set by reference to an AA Above Median corporate bond yield curve and the individual characteristics of the plans such as projected cash flow patterns and payment durations. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 79 

Management also considered the sensitivity that changes in the expected return on plan assets and the discount rate would have on pension expense. For the Company s qualified plans, a decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate would result in additional pension expense of approximately 46 million for 2023, while a decrease of 100 basis points in the expected return on plan assets would result in an increase of approximately 136 million in pension expense for 2023. This estimate reflects the sensitivity of certain factors considered in calculation of pension expense but does not consider all factors that could increase or decrease estimates calculated. 
 
 The calculation of pension assets and liabilities is also impacted by the year-end valuation, which takes into account the difference between the actual return on plan assets and the estimated return on plan assets that was recognized during the year, as well as an updated discount rate based on current market rates. The year-end valuation resulted in a pre-tax loss in other comprehensive income of 1.9 billion for all pension plans. As expected return on plan assets is determined with the prior year-end s plan asset valuation, the lower year-end plan asset valuation and related amortization of accumulated other comprehensive income will reduce the expected return on plan assets component of net periodic pension cost recognized in other expense in 2023. 
 
 Refer to Note 15. Benefit Plans for disclosures related to the benefit plans. 
 80 Truist Financial Corporation 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Truist Financial Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Truist Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for the allowance for credit losses in 2020. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 81 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses for Certain Commercial and Consumer Portfolios 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses (ACL) represents management s best estimate of expected future credit losses related to loan and lease portfolios and off-balance sheet lending commitments at the balance sheet date. The consolidated ACL balance was 4.6 billion as of December 31, 2022, including 1.7 billion for commercial portfolios and 2.3 billion for consumer portfolios. Estimates of expected future credit losses are determined by management using quantitative models and by applying qualitative adjustments to the modeled results. The models are designed to forecast probability of default, exposure at default, and loss given default by correlating certain macroeconomic forecast data to historical experience. The models are applied to pools of loans with similar risk characteristics. The macroeconomic forecast data used in the quantitative models is based on forecasted variables for a reasonable and supportable period. The qualitative adjustments incorporate management judgment and are used to account for limitations in modeled results related to current economic conditions and other risks in the portfolios. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the ACL for certain commercial and consumer portfolios is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in determining the ACL quantitative model results and certain qualitative adjustments, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the quantitative model results and certain qualitative adjustments, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company s ACL estimation process for certain commercial and consumer portfolios, which included controls related to the quantitative model results and certain qualitative adjustments. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the ACL for certain commercial and consumer portfolios quantitative model results and certain qualitative adjustments, including evaluating the appropriateness of the quantitative models and management s methodology, testing the data used in the estimate, and evaluating the reasonableness of judgments used by management in estimating certain qualitative adjustments. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of these quantitative models and the reasonableness of judgments used by management relating to certain qualitative adjustments. 
 
 /s/ 

February 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. 
 82 Truist Financial Corporation 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES (Dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands) Dec 31, 2022 Dec 31, 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with banks Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell Trading assets at fair value AFS securities at fair value HTM securities 47,791 and 1,495 at fair value, respectively) LHFS (including 1,065 and 3,544 at fair value, respectively) Loans and leases (including 18 and 23 at fair value, respectively) ALLL ) ) Loans and leases, net of ALLL Premises and equipment Goodwill CDI and other intangible assets Loan servicing rights at fair value Other assets (including 1,582 and 3,436 at fair value, respectively) Total assets Liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Short-term borrowings (including 1,551 and 1,731 at fair value, respectively) Long-term debt Other liabilities (including 2,971 and 586 at fair value, respectively) Total liabilities Shareholders Equity Preferred stock Common stock, 5 par value Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings AOCI, net of deferred income taxes ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity Common shares outstanding Common shares authorized Preferred shares outstanding Preferred shares authorized 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 83 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data, shares in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest Income Interest and fees on loans and leases Interest on securities Interest on other earning assets Total interest income Interest Expense Interest on deposits Interest on long-term debt Interest on other borrowings Total interest expense Net Interest Income Provision for credit losses ) Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Losses Noninterest Income Insurance income Wealth management income Investment banking and trading income Service charges on deposits Card and payment related fees Mortgage banking income Lending related fees Operating lease income Securities gains (losses) ) Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest Expense Personnel expense Professional fees and outside processing Software expense Net occupancy expense Amortization of intangibles Equipment expense Marketing and customer development Operating lease depreciation Regulatory costs Merger-related and restructuring charges Other expense Total noninterest expense Earnings Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Noncontrolling interests ) Net income available to the bank holding company Preferred stock dividends and other Net income available to common shareholders Basic EPS Diluted EPS Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 84 Truist Financial Corporation 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES (Dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income OCI, net of tax: Net change in net pension and postretirement costs ) Net change in cash flow hedges ) Net change in AFS securities ) ) Net change in HTM securities Other, net ) Total OCI, net of tax ) ) Total OCI ) Income Tax Effect of Items Included in OCI: Net change in net pension and postretirement costs ) Net change in cash flow hedges ) Net change in AFS securities ) ) Net change in HTM securities Total income taxes related to OCI ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 85 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES (Dollars in millions, shares in thousands) Shares of Common Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings AOCI Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders Equity Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Net income OCI Issued in connection with equity awards, net ) ) ) Issued in connection with preferred stock offering Redemption of preferred stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Cumulative effect adjustment for new accounting standards ) ) Other, net ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Net income ) OCI ) ) Issued in connection with equity awards, net ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Redemption of preferred stock ) ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income OCI ) ) Issued in connection with equity awards, net ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock ) ) Cash dividends declared on preferred stock ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 86 Truist Financial Corporation 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES (Dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Provision for credit losses ) Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Securities (gains) losses ) Net change in operating assets and liabilities: LHFS Loan servicing rights ) ) Pension asset ) ) Derivative assets and liabilities ) Trading assets ) ) Other assets and other liabilities ) Other, net ) ) Net cash from operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Proceeds from sales of AFS securities Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of AFS securities Purchases of AFS securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns of HTM securities Purchases of HTM securities ) Originations and purchases of loans and leases, net of sales and principal collected ) Net cash received (paid) for FHLB stock ) Net cash received (paid) for securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell ) ) Net cash paid for premises and equipment ) ) ) Net cash received (paid) for asset acquisitions, business combinations, and divestitures ) ) ) Net cash for (premiums) proceeds on bank-owned life insurance ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash from investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net change in deposits ) Net change in short-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net proceeds from preferred stock issued Redemption of preferred stock ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) ) Net cash received (paid) for hedge unwinds ) Other, net ) ) Net cash from financing activities Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, January 1 Cash and Cash Equivalents, December 31 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Net cash paid (received) during the period for: Interest expense Income taxes Noncash investing activities: Transfer of loans HFI to LHFS Purchases (sales) of securities not yet settled Transfer of AFS securities to HTM 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 87 

NOTE 1. 

88 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist Financial Corporation 89 

90 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist Financial Corporation 91 

days delinquent or if one payment is past due. (3) (3) CRE (3) (3) Commercial construction (3) (3) Consumer: Residential mortgage (4) to to Residential home equity and direct (4) to to Indirect auto (4) Indirect other (4) to to Student (5) (6) NA to Credit card (7) NA to 
 . 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 92 Truist Financial Corporation 

months old, otherwise an update is required. Any subsequent changes in value as well as gains or losses from the disposition of these assets are recognized in Other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. For additional information on the Company s loan and lease activities, see Note 5. Loans and ACL. 

Truist Financial Corporation 93 

Loans are generally pooled one level below the portfolio segment for the collectively calculated ALLL based on factors such as business sector, project and property type, line of business, collateral, loan type, obligor exposure, and risk grade or score. Commercial loss forecasting models are expected loss frameworks that use macroeconomic forecast data across scenarios and current portfolio attributes as inputs. The models forecast probability of default, exposure at default and loss given default by correlating certain macroeconomic forecast data to historical experience. The primary macroeconomic drivers for the commercial portfolios include unemployment trends, U.S. real GDP, corporate credit spreads, rental rates, and property values. 
 
 94 Truist Financial Corporation 

million or more, as such lending relationships do not typically share similar risk characteristics with others. Individually evaluated reserves are based on current forecasts, the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, or the value of collateral, which is generally based on appraisals, recent sales of foreclosed properties and/or relevant property-specific market information. Truist has elected to measure expected credit losses on collateral-dependent loans based on the fair value of the collateral. Loans are considered collateral dependent when it is probable that Truist will be unable to collect principal and interest according to the contractual terms of the agreement and repayment is expected to be provided substantially by the sale or continued operation of the underlying collateral. Commercial loans are typically secured by real estate, business equipment, inventories, and other types of collateral. 
 
 Consumer and Credit Card 
 
 The majority of the ALLL related to the consumer and credit card lending portfolios is calculated on a collective basis. Loans are pooled one level below the portfolio segment for the collectively calculated ALLL based on factors such as collateral, loan type, line of business, and sales channel. Consumer portfolio models are expected loss frameworks that use macroeconomic forecast data across scenarios and current portfolio attributes as inputs. The models forecast probability of default, exposure at default and loss given default by correlating certain macroeconomic forecast data to historical experience. The primary macroeconomic drivers for the consumer portfolios include unemployment trends, the primary 30-year mortgage rate, home price indices, and used car prices. 
 
 Residential mortgages and revolving home equity lines of credit are generally collateralized by one-to-four-family residential real estate, typically have loan-to-collateral value ratios of 80 or less at origination and are made to borrowers in good credit standing. The indirect auto and indirect other portfolios include secured indirect installment loans to consumers for the purchase of new and used automobiles, boats and recreational vehicles. The student loan portfolio is composed of government guaranteed student loans and certain private student loans. The government guarantee mitigates substantially all of the risk related to principal and interest repayment for this component of the portfolio. Private student loans were originated prior to 2021 with a credit enhancement from a third-party which partially mitigates the Company s credit exposure. The credit card portfolio and other arrangements within the indirect other and residential home equity and direct portfolios are generally unsecured and are actively managed. 
 
 Truist uses delinquency status to monitor credit quality in its consumer and credit card portfolios. Delinquency status is the primary factor considered in determining whether a loan should be classified as nonperforming. 
 
 The ALLL for loans classified as a TDR is based on analyses capturing the expected credit losses and the impact of the concession over the remaining life of the asset. 
 
 Expected recoveries for loans are included in the estimation of the ALLL based on historical experience. 

Truist Financial Corporation 95 

96 Truist Financial Corporation 

Derivatives expose the Company to risk that the counterparty to the derivative contract does not perform as expected. The Company manages its exposures to counterparty credit risk associated with derivatives by entering into transactions with counterparties with defined exposure limits based on their credit quality and in accordance with established policies and procedures. All counterparties are reviewed regularly as part of the Company s credit risk management practices and appropriate action is taken to adjust the exposure limits to certain counterparties as necessary. The Company s derivative transactions are generally governed by ISDA agreements or other legally enforceable industry standard master netting agreements. In certain cases and depending on the nature of the underlying derivative transactions, bilateral collateral agreements are also utilized. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to OTC derivative clearing requirements, which require certain derivatives to be cleared through central clearing houses. These clearing houses require the Company to post initial and variation margin to mitigate the risk of non-payment, the latter of which is received or paid daily based on the net asset or liability of the contracts. The Company applies settlement to market treatment for the cash collateralizing derivative contracts with certain centrally cleared counterparties. 
 
 When the Company has more than one outstanding derivative transaction with a single counterparty, and there exists a legal right of setoff with that counterparty, the Company considers its exposure to the counterparty to be the net fair value of its derivative positions with that counterparty. If the net fair value is positive, then the corresponding asset value also reflects cash collateral held. The Company offsets derivative transactions with a single counterparty as well as any cash collateral paid to and received from that counterparty for derivative contracts that are subject to ISDA or other legally enforceable netting arrangements and meet accounting guidance for offsetting treatment. 
 
 For additional information on the Company s derivative activities, see Note 18. Fair Value Disclosures and Note 19. Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 97 

98 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist Financial Corporation 99 

100 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist Financial Corporation 101 

NOTE 2. 

Loans and leases 
 Intangible assets (1) 
 Goodwill 
 
 (1) The identifiable intangible assets are being amortized over a weighted average term of years based on the estimated duration of economic benefits received. 
 (2) Fair value estimates related to the acquired assets and liabilities are subject to adjustment during the one-year measurement period following the closing of the acquisition. 

NOTE 3. 
 
 Securities borrowed Total securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell Fair value of collateral permitted to be resold or repledged Fair value of securities resold or repledged 
 
 For securities sold under agreements to repurchase, the Company would be obligated to provide additional collateral in the event of a significant decline in fair value of the collateral pledged. This risk is managed by monitoring the liquidity and credit quality of the collateral, as well as the maturity profile of the transactions. Refer to Note 16. Commitments and Contingencies for additional information related to pledged securities. State and Municipal 
 GSE Agency MBS - residential Corporate and other debt securities Total securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 
 There were no securities financing transactions subject to legally enforceable master netting arrangements that were eligible for balance sheet netting for the periods presented. 
 
 102 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 4. 
 
 GSE Agency MBS - residential Agency MBS - commercial States and political subdivisions Non-agency MBS Other Total AFS securities HTM securities: Agency MBS - residential December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Fair Value Gains Losses AFS securities: U.S. Treasury GSE Agency MBS - residential Agency MBS - commercial States and political subdivisions Non-agency MBS Other Total AFS securities HTM securities: Agency MBS - residential 
 
 In 2022, Truist transferred billion of AFS securities to HTM as the Company continues to execute upon its asset-liability management strategies. Management determined that it has both the positive intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. On the date of transfer, the difference between the par value and the fair value of these securities, which was recorded as a loss in AOCI, resulted in a net discount of billion, inclusive of million of basis adjustment gains from terminated fair value hedges attributable to the transferred securities. The discount will be accreted and unrealized loss in AOCI will be amortized, offsetting within interest income over the remaining life of the securities using the interest method. There were no gains or losses recognized as a result of this transfer. 
 
 FHLMC 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 103 

GSE Agency MBS - residential Agency MBS - commercial States and political subdivisions Non-agency MBS Other Total AFS securities HTM securities: Agency MBS - residential 
 
 GSE Agency MBS - residential Agency MBS - commercial States and political subdivisions Non-agency MBS Other Total HTM securities: Agency MBS - residential Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses AFS securities: U.S. Treasury GSE Agency MBS - residential Agency MBS - commercial States and political subdivisions Non-agency MBS Other Total 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, ACL was established for AFS or HTM securities. Substantially all of the unrealized losses on the securities portfolio, including non-agency MBS, were the result of changes in market interest rates compared to the date the securities were acquired rather than the credit quality of the issuers or underlying loans. HTM debt securities consist of residential agency MBS. Accordingly, the Company does not expect to incur any credit losses on investment securities. 
 
 Gross realized losses ) ) Securities gains (losses), net ) 
 
 104 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 5. 
 
 CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Residential home equity and direct Indirect auto Indirect other Student Credit card Total million in the residential mortgage portfolio and million in the student portfolio. 
 Accruing December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Current 30-89 Days Past Due 90 Days Or More Past Due (1) Nonperforming Total Commercial: Commercial and industrial CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Residential home equity and direct Indirect auto Indirect other Student Credit card Total million in the residential mortgage portfolio and million in the student portfolio. 

Truist Financial Corporation 105 

) Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total ) CRE: Pass ) Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total ) Commercial construction: Pass Special mention Substandard Total Consumer: Residential mortgage: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Residential home equity and direct: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Indirect auto: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Indirect other: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Student: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total Credit card: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total Total ) 
 106 Truist Financial Corporation 

) Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total ) CRE: Pass ) Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total ) Commercial construction: Pass Special mention Substandard Nonperforming Total Consumer: Residential mortgage: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 or more days past due Nonperforming ) Total Residential home equity and direct: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Indirect auto: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Indirect other: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Nonperforming Total Student: Current ) 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total ) Credit card: Current 30 - 89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total Total 
 (1) 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 107 

) CRE ) Commercial construction ) Consumer: Residential mortgage ) ) Residential home equity and direct ) Indirect auto ) Indirect other ) Student ) Credit card ) PCI ) ALLL ) RUFC ACL ) (Dollars in millions) Balance at Jan 1, 2021 Charge-Offs Recoveries Provision (Benefit) Other (1) Balance at Dec 31, 2021 Commercial: Commercial and industrial ) ) CRE ) ) Commercial construction ) ) Consumer: Residential mortgage ) ) Residential home equity and direct ) Indirect auto ) Indirect other ) Student ) Credit card ) ALLL ) ) RUFC ) ACL ) ) (Dollars in millions) Balance at Jan 1, 2022 Charge-Offs Recoveries Provision (Benefit) Other (1) Balance at Dec 31, 2022 Commercial: Commercial and industrial ) CRE ) ) Commercial construction ) ) Consumer: Residential mortgage ) Residential home equity and direct ) Indirect auto ) Indirect other ) Student ) Credit card ) ALLL ) RUFC ACL ) 
 (1) 
 
 The commercial ALLL decreased million and the consumer ALLL increased million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in the commercial ALLL primarily reflects continued strong commercial portfolio performance and loan growth concentrated in higher quality loans, partially offset by a moderately slower economic outlook. The increase in the consumer ALLL was primarily driven by loan growth, normalizing loss trends in certain consumer portfolios, and a moderately slower economic outlook. Considerations for the moderately slower economic outlook include the potential impacts related to the risks associated with inflation, rising rates, geopolitical events, and recession. 
 
 108 Truist Financial Corporation 

CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Residential home equity and direct Indirect auto Indirect other Total 
 
 Nonperforming LHFS Foreclosed real estate Other foreclosed property Total nonperforming assets Residential mortgage loans in the process of foreclosure 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 109 

CRE Commercial construction Consumer: Residential mortgage Residential home equity and direct Indirect auto Indirect other Student Credit card Total performing TDRs Nonperforming TDRs Total TDRs ALLL attributable to TDRs 
 
 Consumer Credit card Re-modification of previously designated TDRs As of / For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Type of Modification Prior Quarter Loan Balance Related ALLL at Period End (Dollars in millions) Rate Structure Newly designated TDRs: Commercial Consumer Credit card Re-modification of previously designated TDRs As of / For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Type of Modification Prior Quarter Loan Balance ALLL at Period End (Dollars in millions) Rate Structure Newly designated TDRs: Commercial Consumer Credit card Re-modification of previously designated TDRs 
 
 Unearned Income, Discounts, and Net Deferred Loan Fees and Costs 

110 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 6. 
 
 Buildings and building improvements years Furniture and equipment - Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Finance leases Total Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net premises and equipment 

NOTE 7. 

Mergers and acquisitions Adjustments and other ) ) ) Goodwill, December 31, 2021 Mergers and acquisitions Adjustments and other ) Goodwill, December 31, 2022 

) ) Other, primarily client relationship intangibles 
 ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 In 2022, Truist redeemed a noncontrolling equity interest in SunTrust Merchant Services, LLC, and paid cash of million in exchange for the rights to certain merchant banking relationships, including relationships previously referred by Truist to SunTrust Merchant Services, LLC. Upon completion of this transaction, Truist recognized a gain on the redemption of noncontrolling equity interest of million and million of other intangibles representing the fair value of acquired contractual relationships as of the transaction date. The intangible assets are being amortized over a term of years based upon the estimated duration of economic benefits received. 

Truist Financial Corporation 111 

NOTE 8. 
 
 UPB of residential mortgage loans serviced for others, primarily agency conforming fixed rate 
 Mortgage loans sold with recourse Maximum recourse exposure from mortgage loans sold with recourse liability Indemnification, recourse and repurchase reserves As of / For the Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 UPB of residential mortgage loans sold from LHFS Pre-tax gains recognized on mortgage loans sold and held for sale Servicing fees recognized from mortgage loans serviced for others Approximate weighted average servicing fee on the outstanding balance of residential mortgage loans serviced for others 
 Weighted average interest rate on mortgage loans serviced for others 
 
 Acquired Additions Change in fair value due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions ) Realization of expected net servicing cash flows, passage of time and other ) ) ) Residential MSRs, carrying value, December 31 
 
 Effect on fair value of a 10 increase ) ) Effect on fair value of a 20 increase ) ) OAS Effect on fair value of a 10 increase ) ) Effect on fair value of a 20 increase ) ) Composition of loans serviced for others: Fixed-rate residential mortgage loans Adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans 
 Total Weighted average life years years 
 
 The sensitivity calculations above are hypothetical and should not be considered predictive of future performance. As indicated, changes in fair value based on adverse changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in the above table, the effect of an adverse variation in one assumption on the fair value of the MSRs is calculated without changing any other assumption; while in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which may magnify or counteract the effect of the change. See Note 18. Fair Value Disclosures for additional information on the valuation techniques used. 
 
 112 Truist Financial Corporation 

CRE mortgages serviced for others covered by recourse provisions Maximum recourse exposure from CRE mortgages sold with recourse liability Recorded reserves related to recourse exposure CRE mortgages originated during the year-to-date period Commercial MSRs at fair value 
 
 Other Servicing Activities 
 
 The Company had million and million of other loan servicing rights at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

NOTE 9. 
 
 Maturities of lease liabilities: 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease liabilities Weighted average remaining term years years years years Weighted average discount rate 

Lessor Operating Leases 
 
 The Company s two primary lessor businesses are equipment financing and structured real estate with income recorded in Operating lease income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net 

Bank-Owned Life Insurance 
 
 Bank-owned life insurance consists of life insurance policies held on certain teammates for which the Company is the beneficiary. The carrying value of bank-owned life insurance was billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 113 

NOTE 10. 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits: Interest checking Money market and savings Time deposits Total deposits Time deposits greater than 250,000 

NOTE 11. 
 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Securities sold short Collateral in excess of derivative exposures 
 Master notes Other short-term borrowings Total short-term borrowings 
 
 Floating rate senior notes 2025 2025 Fixed rate subordinated notes (2) 2026 2033 Capital notes (2) 2027 2028 Structured notes (3) 2023 2023 Truist Bank: Fixed rate senior notes 2023 2025 Floating rate senior notes 2023 2024 Fixed rate subordinated notes (2) 2025 2030 Fixed rate FHLB advances 2023 2034 Floating rate FHLB advances 
 2024 2026 Other long-term debt (4) Nonbank subsidiaries: Other long-term debt (5) Total long-term debt 
 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 

(1) million related to finance leases. 
 114 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 12. 

Share Repurchase Activity 
 
 Truist s share repurchase activity is dependent on capital deployment through organic growth and acquisitions, giving consideration to economic and regulatory conditions. The Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to billion of the Company s common stock from October 1, 2022 through September 30, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased million of common stock, which represented million shares. These repurchases occurred under the previous Board of Directors authorization. 

(2) Quarterly Series J 12/6/2019 (1) 12/15/2024 (3) Quarterly Series L 12/6/2019 (1) 12/15/2024 (4) Quarterly (9) Series M 12/6/2019 (1) 12/15/2027 (5) Semi-annually (10) Series N 7/29/2019 9/1/2024 (6) Semi-annually Series O 5/27/2020 6/1/2025 Quarterly Series P 6/1/2020 12/1/2025 (7) Semi-annually Series Q 6/19/2020 9/1/2030 (8) Semi-annually Series R 8/3/2020 9/1/2025 Quarterly Total 
 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 115 

billion in series O, series P, series Q, and series R preferred stock to further strengthen its capital position. 
 
 Redemptions 
 
 During 2021, the Company redeemed all outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series F and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for million, all outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series G and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for million, and all outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series H and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for million. 
 
 During 2020, the Company redeemed all outstanding shares of its perpetual preferred stock series K and the corresponding depositary shares representing fractional interests in such series for million plus any unpaid dividends. 
 
 These preferred stock redemptions were in accordance with the terms of the Company s Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 
 During 2021, an indirect subsidiary of Truist Bank redeemed all outstanding shares of its Series B Non-Cumulative Exchangeable Preferred Stock for million. Regular dividends were paid separately. 

NOTE 13. ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications, net of tax Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Before tax ) Tax effect ) Amounts reclassified, net of tax 
 ) Total OCI, net of tax AOCI balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) OCI before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Before tax Tax effect Amounts reclassified, net of tax Total OCI, net of tax ) ) AOCI balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) AFS Securities transferred to HTM, net of tax ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Before tax Tax effect Amounts reclassified, net of tax Total OCI, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) AOCI balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) ) Primary income statement location of amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Other expense Net interest income and Other expense Securities gains (losses) and Net interest income Net interest income Net interest income 
 
 116 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 14. 

State Total current expense Deferred expense: Federal ) State ) Total deferred expense ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 Increase (decrease) in provision for income taxes as a result of: State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Income tax credits, net of amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities result from differences between the timing of the recognition of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and for income tax purposes. DTAs and DTLs are measured using the enacted federal and state tax rates in the periods in which the DTAs or DTLs are expected to be realized. In the Consolidated Balance Sheets, a net deferred income tax asset is recorded in Other assets and a net deferred income tax liability is recorded in Other liabilities. ALLL Employee compensation and benefits Operating lease liability Accruals and reserves Federal and state NOLs and other carryforwards Loans Other Total gross DTAs Valuation allowance ) ) Total DTAs net of valuation allowance DTLs: Pension Goodwill and other intangible assets Equipment and auto leasing MSRs ROU assets Loans Other Total DTLs Net DTA (DTL) ) 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 117 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Increases in UTBs related to prior years Decreases in UTBs related to prior years ) ) Increases in UTBs related to the current year Decreases in UTBs related to settlements ) ) Decreases in UTBs related to lapse of the applicable statues of limitations ) ) Balance, December 31 
 
 The amount of UTBs that would favorably affect the Company s effective tax rate, if recognized, was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest and penalties related to UTBs are recorded in the Provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company had a gross liability of million and million for interest and penalties related to its UTBs at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amount of gross expense related to interest and penalties on UTBs was immaterial. 
 
 The Company files U.S. federal, state, and local income tax returns. The Company s federal income tax returns are no longer subject to assessment by the IRS for taxable years prior to 2019. With limited exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to assessment by state and local taxing authorities for taxable years prior to 2016. It is reasonably possible that the liability for unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by as much as million during the next 12 months due to completion of tax authority examinations and the expiration of statutes of limitations. It is uncertain how much, if any, of this potential decrease will impact the Company s effective tax rate. 

NOTE 15. 

of employment. In addition, supplemental retirement benefits are provided to certain key officers under supplemental defined benefit executive retirement plans, which are not qualified under the IRC. Although technically unfunded plans, Rabbi Trusts, and insurance policies on the lives of certain of the covered employees are available to finance future benefits. 
 
 The following tables present a summary of the qualified and nonqualified defined benefit pension plans. On the Consolidated Balance Sheets, the qualified pension plan net asset is recorded as a component of Other assets and the nonqualified pension plans net liability is recorded as a component of Other liabilities. The data is calculated using an actuarial measurement date of December 31. Interest cost Other expense Estimated return on plan assets Other expense ) ) ) Net amortization and other Other expense Net periodic benefit cost (income) ) ) Pre-tax amounts recognized in OCI: Net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Net amortization ) ) ) Net amount recognized in OCI ) ) Total net periodic pension costs (income) recognized in total comprehensive income, pre-tax 
 ) ) Weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost: Discount rate Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets Cash balance interest crediting rate Assumed long-term rate of annual compensation increases 

118 Truist Financial Corporation 

. 
 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss (1) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation, December 31 Accumulated benefit obligation, December 31 Weighted average assumptions used to determine projected benefit obligations: 
 Weighted average assumed discount rate Assumed rate of annual compensation increases 
 (1) For the qualified plan, the 2022 and 2021 gains are primarily due to increases in the assumed discount rate, net of the impact of actual plan experience. For the nonqualified plans, the 2022 gain is primarily due to an increase in the assumed discount rate, while the 2021 loss is primarily due to the impact of actual plan experience, net of the increase in assumed discount rate. 
 
 Actual return (loss) on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets, December 31 Funded status, December 31 ) ) ) Net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) 
 
 Truist makes contributions to the qualified pension plan in amounts between the minimum required for funding and the maximum amount deductible for federal income tax purposes. Truist made discretionary contributions of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, Truist made discretionary contributions of billion during the first quarter of 2023. Management may make additional contributions in 2023. For the nonqualified plans, employer contributions are based on benefit payments. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 119 

U.S. equity securities 
 International equity securities Fixed income securities Total 

International equity securities include certain pooled investment vehicles, such as a common/commingled fund, which consist of assets from several investors, pooled together, to reduce management and administration costs. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, investments totaling million and million, respectively, have been excluded from the table above as these investments are valued based on net asset value as a practical expedient. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 
 Truist offers a 401(k) Savings Plan and other defined contribution plans that permit teammates to contribute up to of cash compensation. For full-time teammates who are years of age or older with one year or more of service, Truist makes matching contributions of up to of the employee s compensation. The Company s contribution expense for the 401(k) Savings Plan and nonqualified defined contribution plans totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Certain teammates of subsidiaries participate in the 401(k) Savings Plan with different matching formulas. 
 
 Equity-Based Compensation Plans 
 
 At December 31, 2022, RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs were outstanding from equity-based compensation plans that have been approved by shareholders and plans assumed from acquired entities. Those plans are intended to assist the Company in recruiting and retaining teammates, directors, and independent contractors and to align the interests of eligible participants with those of Truist and its shareholders. 
 
 The majority of outstanding awards and awards available to be issued relate to plans that allow for accelerated vesting of awards for holders who retire and have met all retirement eligibility requirements or in connection with certain other events. Until vested, certain of these awards are subject to forfeiture under specified circumstances. The fair value of RSUs and PSUs is based on the common stock price on the grant date less the present value of expected dividends that will be foregone during the vesting period. Substantially all awards are granted in February of each year. Grants to non-executive teammates primarily consist of RSUs. 
 
 Vesting period, minimum year Vesting period, maximum years 
 
 Income tax benefit from equity-based compensation expense Intrinsic value of options exercised, and RSUs and PSUs that vested during the year Grant date fair value of equity-based awards that vested during the year Unrecognized compensation cost related to equity-based awards Weighted-average life over which compensation cost is expected to be recognized years years years 
 120 Truist Financial Corporation 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 Other Benefits 
 
 There are various other employment contracts, deferred compensation arrangements and non-compete covenants with selected members of management and certain retirees. Additionally, in 2022, the Company began an employee stock purchase plan. These plans and their obligations are not material to the financial statements. 

NOTE 16. 

Truist Financial Corporation 121 

Amount of future funding commitments included in carrying amount Other liabilities Lending exposure Loans and leases for funded amounts Renewable energy investments: Carrying amount Other assets Amount of future funding commitments not included in carrying amount NA Private equity and certain other equity method investments: Carrying amount Other assets Amount of future funding commitments not included in carrying amount NA 
 
 Other community development investments Provision for income taxes Renewable energy investments NA (1) Amortization and other changes in carrying amount: Investments in affordable housing projects Provision for income taxes Other community development investments Other noninterest income Renewable energy investments Other noninterest income 
 (1) . 
 
 Letters of Credit and Financial Guarantees 
 
 In the normal course of business, Truist utilizes certain financial instruments to meet the financing needs of clients and to mitigate exposure to risks. Such financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and certain contractual agreements, including standby letters of credit and financial guarantee arrangements. 

Residential mortgage loans sold with recourse CRE mortgages serviced for others covered by recourse provisions Other loans serviced for others covered by recourse provisions Letters of credit 
 
 122 Truist Financial Corporation 

Trading loans and bonds VIE liabilities 
 
 The Company concluded that the associated VIEs should be consolidated because the Company has (i) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits, which could potentially be significant. The activities of the VIEs are restricted to buying and selling the reference assets and the risks/benefits of any such assets owned by the VIEs are passed to the third-party clients via the TRS contracts. For additional information on TRS contracts and the related VIEs, see Note 19. Derivative Financial Instruments. 

Truist Financial Corporation 123 

Pledged loans: FRB FHLB Unused borrowing capacity: FRB FHLB 
 
 Litigation and Regulatory Matters 
 
 Truist and/or its subsidiaries are routinely named as defendants in or parties to numerous actual or threatened legal proceedings, including civil litigation and regulatory investigations or enforcement matters, arising from the ordinary conduct of its regular business activities. The matters range from individual actions involving a single plaintiff to class action lawsuits with many class members and can involve claims for substantial or indeterminate alleged damages or for injunctive or other relief. Investigations may involve both formal and informal proceedings, by both governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations, and could result in fines, penalties, restitution, and/or alterations in Truist s business practices. These legal proceedings are at varying stages of adjudication, arbitration, or investigation and may consist of a variety of claims, including common law tort and contract claims, as well as statutory antitrust, securities, and consumer protection claims. The ultimate resolution of any proceeding and the timing of such resolution is uncertain and inherently difficult to predict. It is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, including those described below, if unfavorable, may be material to the consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations, or consolidated cash flows of Truist, or cause significant reputational consequences. 
 
 Truist establishes accruals for legal matters when potential losses associated with the actions become probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. There is no assurance that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not significantly exceed the amounts that Truist has accrued. Accruals for legal matters are based on management s best judgment after consultation with counsel and others. 
 
 The Company estimates reasonably possible losses, in excess of amounts accrued, of up to approximately million as of December 31, 2022. This estimate does not represent Truist s maximum loss exposure, and actual losses may vary significantly. In addition, the matters underlying this estimate will change from time to time. Estimated losses are based upon currently available information and involve considerable judgment, given that claims often include significant legal uncertainties, damages alleged by plaintiffs are often unspecified or overstated, discovery may not have started or may not be complete, and material facts may be disputed or unsubstantiated, among other factors. 
 
 For certain matters, Truist may be unable to estimate the loss or range of loss, even if it believes that a loss is probable or reasonably possible, until developments in the case provide additional information sufficient to support such an estimate. Such matters are not accrued for and are not reflected in the estimate of reasonably possible losses. 
 
 The following is a description of certain legal proceedings in which Truist is involved: 
 
 124 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist Financial Corporation 125 

NOTE 17. 
 
 NA Tier 1 capital Total capital Leverage NA Supplementary leverage NA Truist Bank: CET1 Tier 1 capital Total capital Leverage Supplementary leverage NA 
 (1) Truist is subject to an SCB requirement of applicable to Truist as of December 31, 2022. Truist s SCB requirement, received in the 2022 CCAR process, is effective from October 1, 2022 to September 30, 2023. Truist Bank is subject to a CCB requirement of . The SCB and CCB are amounts above the minimum levels designed to ensure that banks remain well-capitalized, even in adverse economic scenarios. 
 
 As an approved seller/servicer, Truist Bank is required to maintain minimum levels of capital, as specified by various agencies, including the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, GNMA, FHLMC, and FNMA. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Truist Bank s capital was above all required levels. 
 
 On October 1, 2022, Regional Acceptance became an operating subsidiary of Truist Bank following an internal restructuring to strategically align the auto lending activities within Truist Bank, which will result in funding and operational benefits for Truist. Regional Acceptance maintained higher capital levels at the restructuring date due to the nature of its loan portfolio and thus Truist Bank s capital ratios increased subsequent to this realignment. Truist Bank committed to maintaining additional capital for certain Regional Acceptance loans for a period of time following the restructuring until such loans are paid off. The amount of capital held at Truist Bank on December 31, 2022 to meet this commitment was billion. This commitment has no impact on the consolidated capital ratios or capital requirements for Truist. 
 
 126 Truist Financial Corporation 

NOTE 18. 
 
 GSE Agency MBS - residential Agency MBS - commercial States and political subdivisions Corporate and other debt securities Loans Other Total trading assets AFS securities: U.S. Treasury GSE Agency MBS - residential Agency MBS - commercial States and political subdivisions Non-agency MBS Other Total AFS securities LHFS at fair value Loans and leases Loan servicing rights at fair value Other assets: Derivative assets 684 ) Equity securities Total assets ) Liabilities: Derivative liabilities ) Securities sold short Total liabilities ) 
 Truist Financial Corporation 127 

GSE Agency MBS - residential Agency MBS - commercial States and political subdivisions Corporate and other debt securities Loans Other Total trading assets AFS securities: U.S. Treasury GSE Agency MBS - residential Agency MBS - commercial States and political subdivisions Non-agency MBS Other Total AFS securities LHFS at fair value Loans and leases Loan servicing rights at fair value Other assets: Derivative assets ) Equity securities Total assets ) Liabilities: Derivative liabilities ) Securities sold short Total liabilities ) 
 (1) 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, investments totaling million and million, respectively, have been excluded from the table above as they are valued based on net asset value as a practical expedient. These investments primarily consist of certain SBIC funds. 
 
 The following discussion focuses on the valuation techniques, and significant inputs for Level 2, and Level 3 assets, and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 
 Available for Sale and Trading Securities: Securities accounted for at fair value include both the available-for-sale and trading portfolios. The Company uses prices obtained from pricing services, dealer quotes, or recent trades to estimate the fair value of securities. The majority of AFS securities were priced by third-party vendors whereas trading securities are priced internally. The AFS securities and trading securities are subject to IPV. Management independently evaluates the fair values of AFS Securities and trading securities through comparisons to external pricing sources, review of additional information provided by the pricing service and other third-party sources for selected securities and back-testing to compare the price realized on any security sales to the pricing information received from the pricing service. Fair value measurements for trading securities are derived from observable market-based information including, but not limited to, overall market conditions, recent trades, comparable securities, broker quotes and FINRA s Trade Reporting and Compliance Engine data when determining the value of a position. Security prices are also validated through actual cash settlement upon the sale of a security. As described by security type below, additional inputs may be used, or some inputs may not be applicable. 
 
 Trading loans: The Company has elected to measure trading loans at fair value. Trading loans are valued primarily using quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active by a third-party pricing service. Trading loans include: 
 
 loans held in connection with the Company s trading business primarily consisting of commercial and corporate leveraged loans; 
 SBA loans guaranteed by the U.S. government; and 
 loans made or acquired in connection with the Company s TRS business. 
 
 128 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist Financial Corporation 129 

Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): Included in earnings ) Included in unrealized net holding gains (losses) in OCI ) Purchases Issuances Sales ) Settlements ) ) ) ) Transfers out of level 3 and other ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): Included in earnings ) ) Purchases Issuances Sales ) Settlements ) ) Acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): Included in earnings ) Purchases Issuances Sales ) Settlements ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Change in unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings for the period, attributable to assets and liabilities still held at December 31, 2022 ) Primary income statement location of realized gains (losses) included in earnings 
 Other income Mortgage banking income Other income 
 
 Fair Value Option 
 
 ) Loans and leases ) ) LHFS at fair value 
 130 Truist Financial Corporation 

Loans and leases Other 
 
 The following table provides information about valuation adjustments for certain assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The valuation adjustments represent the amounts recorded during the period regardless of whether the asset is still held at period end. Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Valuation adjustments: LHFS ) ) ) Loans and leases ) ) ) Other ) ) ) 
 
 LHFS with valuation adjustments in the table above consisted primarily of residential mortgages and commercial loans that were valued using market prices and measured at LOCOM. The table above excludes million and billion of LHFS carried at cost at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, that did not require a valuation adjustment during the period. The remainder of LHFS is carried at fair value. 
 
 Loans and leases consist of larger commercial loans and leases that are collateral-dependent and other secured loans and leases that have been charged-off to the fair value of the collateral. Valuation adjustments for loans and leases are primarily recorded in the Provision for credit losses in the Consolidated statement of income. Refer to Note 1. Basis of Presentation for additional discussion of individually evaluated loans and leases. 
 
 Other includes foreclosed real estate, other foreclosed property, ROU assets, premises and equipment, and OREO, and consists primarily of residential homes, commercial properties, vacant lots, and automobiles. ROU assets are measured based on the fair value of the assets, which considers the potential for sublease income. The remaining assets are measured at LOCOM, less costs to sell. 
 
 Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value 
 
 For financial instruments not recorded at fair value, estimates of fair value are based on relevant market data and information about the instruments. Values obtained relate to trading without regard to any premium or discount that may result from concentrations of ownership, possible tax ramifications, estimated transaction costs that may result from bulk sales or the relationship between various instruments. 
 
 An active market does not exist for certain financial instruments. Fair value estimates for these instruments are based on current economic conditions and interest rate risk characteristics, loss experience and other factors. Many of these estimates involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and cannot be determined with precision. Therefore, the fair value estimates in many instances cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets. In addition, changes in assumptions could significantly affect these fair value estimates. Loans and leases HFI, net of ALLL Level 3 Financial liabilities: Time deposits Level 2 Long-term debt Level 2 
 
 The carrying value of the RUFC, which approximates the fair value of unfunded commitments, was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Truist Financial Corporation 131 

NOTE 19. 
 
 Fair value hedges: Interest rate contracts: Swaps hedging long-term debt ) ) Swaps hedging AFS securities ) Total ) ) Not designated as hedges: Client-related and other risk management: Interest rate contracts: Swaps ) ) Options ) ) Forward commitments ) ) Other Equity contracts ) ) Credit contracts: Trading assets Loans and leases ) Risk participation agreements ) ) Total return swaps ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Commodity ) ) Total ) ) Mortgage banking: Interest rate contracts: Swaps Interest rate lock commitments ) ) When issued securities, forward rate agreements and forward commitments 
 ) ) Other Total ) ) MSRs: Interest rate contracts: Swaps Options ) When issued securities, forward rate agreements and forward commitments 
 ) Other ) Total ) Total derivatives not designated as hedges ) ) Total derivatives ) ) Gross amounts in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Amounts subject to master netting arrangements 
 ) ) Cash collateral (received) posted for amounts subject to master netting arrangements 
 ) ) Net amount 684 (2,971) 2,370 (586) 
 
 132 Truist Financial Corporation 

) Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement Exchange traded derivatives ) Total derivative assets ) Derivative liabilities: Derivatives subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) ) ) Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) ) ) Exchange traded derivatives ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) (2,971) ) December 31, 2021 (Dollars in millions) Gross Amount Amount Offset Net Amount in Consolidated Balance Sheets Held/Pledged Financial Instruments Net Amount Derivative assets: Derivatives subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) ) Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement Exchange traded derivatives ) Total derivative assets ) 2,370 ) Derivative liabilities: Derivatives subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) ) ) Derivatives not subject to master netting arrangement or similar arrangement ) ) ) Exchange traded derivatives ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities ) (586) ) 
 
 ) ) ) ) Loans and leases Long-term debt ) ) 
 (1) billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 133 

Total ) Pre-tax gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into interest expense: Deposits ) ) Short-term borrowings ) ) Long-term debt ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Pre-tax gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into other expense: (1) Deposits ) Short-term borrowings ) Long-term debt ) Total ) 
 (1) 
 
 The following table summarizes the impact on net interest income related to fair value hedges: Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Investment securities: 
 Amounts related to interest settlements ) ) Recognized on derivatives Recognized on hedged items 
 ) ) ) Net income (expense) recognized (1) ) ) Loans and leases: Amounts related to interest settlements ) Recognized on derivatives ) Recognized on hedged items 
 ) ) Net income (expense) recognized ) ) ) Long-term debt: 
 Amounts related to interest settlements ) Recognized on derivatives ) ) Recognized on hedged items 
 ) Net income (expense) recognized Net income (expense) recognized, total 
 
 (1) 
 
 134 Truist Financial Corporation 

Net unrecognized after-tax gain (loss) on terminated hedges recorded in AOCI (to be recognized in earnings through 2029) 
 ) Estimated portion of net after-tax gain (loss) on terminated hedges to be reclassified from AOCI into earnings during the next 12 months 
 ) ) Maximum time period over which Truist is hedging a portion of the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions excluding those transactions relating to the payment of variable interest on existing instruments 
 years N/A Fair value hedges: Unrecognized pre-tax net gain (loss) on terminated hedges (to be recognized as interest primarily through 2033) (1) 
 Portion of pre-tax net gain (loss) on terminated hedges to be recognized as a change in interest during the next 12 months 
 
 (1) million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments under GAAP 
 
 The Company also enters into derivatives that are not designated as accounting hedges under GAAP to economically hedge certain risks as well as in a trading capacity with its clients. 
 
 Foreign exchange contracts Investment banking and trading income and other income ) Equity contracts Investment banking and trading income and other income ) ) Credit contracts Investment banking and trading income and other income ) Commodity contracts Investment banking and trading income Mortgage banking: Interest rate contracts - residential Mortgage banking income ) ) Interest rate contracts - commercial Mortgage banking income ) ) MSRs: Interest rate contracts - residential Mortgage banking income ) ) Interest rate contracts - commercial Mortgage banking income ) ) Total 
 
 Credit Derivative Instruments 
 
 As part of the Company s corporate and investment banking business, the Company enters into contracts that are, in form or substance, written guarantees; specifically, risk participations, TRS, and credit default swaps. The Company accounts for these contracts as derivatives. 
 
 Truist has entered into risk participation agreements to share the credit exposure with other financial institutions on client-related interest rate derivative contracts. Under these agreements, the Company has guaranteed payment to a dealer counterparty in the event the counterparty experiences a loss on the derivative due to a failure to pay by the counterparty s client. The Company manages its payment risk on its risk participations by monitoring the creditworthiness of the underlying client through the normal credit review process that the Company would have performed had it entered into a derivative directly with the obligors. At December 31, 2022, the remaining terms on these risk participations ranged from less than one year to 15 years. The potential future exposure represents the Company s maximum estimated exposure to written risk participations, as measured by projecting a maximum value of the guaranteed derivative instruments based on scenario simulations and assuming 100 default by all obligors on the maximum value. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 135 

Total return swaps: Cash collateral held 
 
 Derivatives in a net gain position secured by collateral received Unsecured positions in a net gain with counterparties after collateral postings 
 Cash collateral posted to counterparties Derivatives in a net loss position secured by collateral Additional collateral that would have been posted had the Company s credit ratings dropped below investment grade 
 Central counterparties clearing: Cash collateral, including initial margin, received from central clearing parties Cash collateral, including initial margin, posted to central clearing parties Derivatives in a net loss position Derivatives in a net gain position Securities pledged to central counterparties clearing 

NOTE 20. 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares Effect of dilutive outstanding equity-based awards Weighted average number of diluted common shares Basic EPS Diluted EPS Anti-dilutive awards 

NOTE 21. 
 
 segments: CB W, C CB, and IH, with functional activities included in OT C. The Company s business segment structure is based on the manner in which financial information is evaluated by management as well as the products and services provided or the type of client served. 
 
 136 Truist Financial Corporation 

Truist Financial Corporation 137 

138 Truist Financial Corporation 

Net intersegment interest income (expense) ) ) ) ) ) Segment net interest income ) ) ) Allocated provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Segment net interest income after provision ) ) ) Noninterest income ) ) Amortization of intangibles Other noninterest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) ) Segment net income (loss) ) ) ) Identifiable assets (period end) 
 (1) 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 139 

NOTE 22. 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits with banks AFS securities at fair value Advances to / receivables from subsidiaries: Banking Nonbank Total advances to / receivables from subsidiaries Investment in subsidiaries: Banking Nonbank Total investment in subsidiaries Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 Nonbank Total dividends from subsidiaries Interest and other income from subsidiaries Other income ) Total income Expenses: Interest expense Other expenses Total expenses Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 
 Income tax benefit Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries in excess of dividends from subsidiaries 
 Net income Total OCI ) ) Total comprehensive income ) 
 
 140 Truist Financial Corporation 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: 
 Equity in earnings of subsidiaries in excess of dividends from subsidiaries 
 ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash from operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Proceeds from maturities, calls, and paydowns of AFS securities Purchases of AFS securities ) ) ) Investment in subsidiaries ) ) ) Advances to subsidiaries ) ) ) Proceeds from repayment of advances to subsidiaries Other, net Net cash from investing activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net change in short-term borrowings ) Net issuance (repayment) of long-term debt ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Net proceeds from preferred stock issued Redemption of preferred stock ) ) Cash dividends paid on common and preferred stock ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash from financing activities ) ) Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, January 1 Cash and Cash Equivalents, December 31 
 
 The transfer of funds in the form of dividends, loans, or advances from bank subsidiaries to the Parent Company is restricted. Federal law requires loans to the Parent Company or its affiliates to be secured and at market terms and generally limits loans to the Parent Company or an individual affiliate to 10 of Truist Bank s unimpaired capital and surplus. In the aggregate, loans to the Parent Company and all affiliates cannot exceed 20 of the bank s unimpaired capital and surplus. 
 
 Dividend payments to the Parent Company by Truist Bank are subject to regulatory review and statutory limitations and, in some instances, regulatory approval. In general, dividends from Truist Bank to the Parent Company are limited by rules which compare dividends to net income for regulatory-defined periods. Furthermore, dividends are restricted by regulatory minimum capital constraints. 

NOTE 23. 

Truist Financial Corporation 141 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Evaluation of 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of Truist is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Truist s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the Company s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with the authorizations of Truist s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material impact on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) promulgated by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, commonly referred to as the COSO criteria. Based on this evaluation under the COSO criteria, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, the management of the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 142 Truist Financial Corporation 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Exhibit No. Description Location 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as consolidated and restated December 15, 2020. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2021. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Truist Financial Corporation 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 26, 2022. 
 4.1 Indenture Regarding Senior Securities (including form of Senior Debt Security) between Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor in interest to State Street Bank and Trust Company), as trustee, dated as of May 24, 1996. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 14, 1996. 
 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated May 4, 2009, to the Indenture Regarding Senior Securities, dated as of May 24, 1996, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 4, 2009. 
 4.3 Indenture Regarding Subordinated Securities (including Form of Subordinated Debt Security) between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (as successor in interest to State Street Bank and Trust Company), as trustee, dated as of May 24, 1996. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 14, 1996. 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 23, 2003, to the Indenture Regarding Subordinated Securities, dated as of May 24, 1996, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 27, 2009. 
 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2004, to the Indenture Regarding Subordinated Securities, dated as of May 24, 1996, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 26, 2010. 
 4.6 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated May 4, 2009, to the Indenture Regarding Subordinated Securities, dated as of May 24, 1996, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed May 4, 2009. 
 4.7 Deposit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2019, between the Company and Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., jointly as depositary. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 29, 2019. 
 4.8 Form of Depositary Receipt. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 29, 2019. 
 4.9 
 Description of the Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed herewith. 
 4.10 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 6, 2022, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 6, 2022. 
 4.11 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 28, 2022, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 28, 2022. 
 Other instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of Truist are omitted pursuant to Section (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Truist agrees to furnish copies of these instruments to the SEC upon request. 
 10.1 BB T Corporation Amended and Restated Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (amended and restated January 1, 2005). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 28, 2008. 
 10.2 BB T Corporation Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (as amended through February 24, 2009). Incorporated herein by reference to the Appendix to the Proxy Statement for the 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Schedule 14A, filed March 13, 2009. 
 10.3 BB T Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan, as amended Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed May 25, 2017. 
 10.4 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for the BB T Corporation Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (5-Year Vesting). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 28, 2008. 
 10.5 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for the BB T Corporation Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (4-Year Vesting). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 7, 2010. 
 10.6 Southern National Deferred Compensation Plan for Key Executives including Amendments. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2011. 
 10.7 Termination Amendment for the Southern National Deferred Compensation Plan for Key Executives 
 Filed herewith. 
 10.8 BB T Nonqualified Defined Benefit Plan (January 1, 2012 Restatement) 
 I ncorporated her e in by reference to Exhibit 10. 11 of the Annual R e port on F orm 10-K, filed February 25, 2016 . 
 10.9 First Amendment to the BB T Non-Qualified Defined Benefit Plan (January 1, 2012 Restatement). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2016. 
 10.10 Second Amendment to the BB T Non-Qualified Defined Benefit Plan (January 1, 2012 Restatement). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2016. 
 10.11 Third Amendment to the BB T Non-Qualified Defined Benefit Plan (January 1, 2012 Restatement) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 23, 2022. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 143 

Exhibit No. Description Location 10.12 Fourth Amendment to the BB T Non-Qualified Benefit Plan (January 1, 2012 Restatement) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 23, 2022. 
 10.13 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for the BB T Corporation Amended and Restated 2004 Stock Incentive Plan (4-Year Vesting with Clawback Provision). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 4, 2012. 
 10.14 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement for the BB T Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 2, 2013. 
 10.15 Form of Nonqualified Option Agreement (Senior Executive) for the BB T Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed April 30, 2014. 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Performance-Based Vesting Component)(Senior Executive) for the BB T Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed April 30, 2014. 
 10.17 Form of LTIP Award Agreement for the BB T Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan (effective 2019). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed April 30, 2019. 
 10.18 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement for the BB T Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan (effective 2019). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed April 30, 2019. 
 10.19 2008 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among BB T Corporation, Branch Banking and Trust Co. and Daryl N. Bible. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 27, 2009. 
 10.20 2008 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among BB T Corporation, Branch Banking and Trust Co. and Clarke R. Starnes, III. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 27, 2009. 
 10.21 2016 Employment Agreement by and among BB T Corporation, Branch Banking and Trust Company and David H. Weaver. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 25, 2016. 
 10.22 2016 Employment Agreement by and among BB T Corporation, Branch Banking and Trust Company and Brant J. Standridge. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2016. 
 10.23 2016 Employment Agreement by and among BB T Corporation, Branch Banking and Trust Company and Dont L. Wilson. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed October 24, 2016. 
 10.24 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among BB T Corporation, Branch Banking and Trust Co. and Kelly S. King dated as of February 7, 2019. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed February 13, 2019. 
 10.25 Form of Notice of Term Non-Renewal under Employment Agreements Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 6, 2019. 
 10.26 Form of Synergy Incentive Award Letter with each of Daryl N. Bible and Clarke R. Starnes, III Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 3, 2019. 
 10.27 Form of First Amendment to Employment Agreement with each of Daryl N. Bible and Clarke R. Starnes, III Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed June 3, 2019. 
 10.28 First Amendment to 2016 Employment Agreement with Brant J. Standridge Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed July 31, 2019. 
 10.29 First Amendment to 2016 Employment Agreement with David H. Weaver Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed July 31, 2019. 
 10.30 First Amendment to 2016 Employment Agreement with Dont L. Wilson Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed July 31, 2019. 
 10.31 Form of Synergy Incentive Award Letter with each of Brant J. Standridge, David H. Weaver and Dont L. Wilson Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed July 31, 2019. 
 10.32 SunTrust Banks, Inc. 2009 Stock Plan, as amended and restated as of August 11, 2015 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to SunTrust's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 13, 2015. 
 10.33 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to SunTrust's Registration Statement No. 333-158866 on Form S-8, filed April 28, 2009. 
 10.34 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement with clawback under the SunTrust Banks, Inc. 2009 Stock Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of SunTrust's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2012. 
 10.35 SunTrust Banks, Inc. ERISA Excess Retirement Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2011 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to SunTrust's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 9, 2011. 
 10.36 Further amended by Amendment Number One, effective as of January 1, 2012 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to SunTrust's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2012. 
 
 144 Truist Financial Corporation 

Exhibit No. Description Location 10.37 SunTrust Banks, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to SunTrust's definitive Proxy Statement, filed March 9, 2018. 
 10.38 Form of Performance-Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, Type I Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to SunTrust s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 4, 2018. 
 10.39 Form of Performance-Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, Type II Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to SunTrust s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 4, 2018. 
 10.40 Form of Time-Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, Type I Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to SunTrust's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 4, 2018. 
 10.41 Form of Time-Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, Type II Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to SunTrust's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 4, 2018. 
 10.42 Form of Time-Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, Type III Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to SunTrust's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 4, 2018. 
 10.43 Form of Time-Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, Type IV Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to SunTrust's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 4, 2018. 
 10.44 2019 Employment Agreement by and among BB T Corporation, Branch Banking and Trust Company and William H. Rogers, Jr. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.90 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed March 3, 2020. 
 10.45 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) for the Truist Financial Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan (effective 2020). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 8, 2020. 
 10.46 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Category 2 Employee) for the Truist Financial Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan (effective 2021). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 3, 2021. 
 10.47 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Senior Executive) for the Truist Financial Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan (effective 2021). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 3, 2021. 
 10.48 Form of LTIP Award Agreement for the Truist Financial Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan (effective 2021). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 3, 2021. 
 10.49 Form of Performance Unit Award Agreement for the Truist Financial Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan (effective 2021). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 3, 2021. 
 10.50 Truist Financial Corporation Nonqualified Defined Contribution Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.62 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2021. 
 10.51 Master Trust Agreement (Nonqualified Plans) between Truist Financial Corporation and Fidelity Management Trust Company Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.63 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2021. 
 10.52 Truist Financial Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.64 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2021. 
 10.53 First Amendment to the Truist Financial Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan (August 1, 2020 Restatement) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.62 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 23, 2022. 
 10.54 Second Amendment to the Truist Financial Corporation 401(k) Saving Plan (August 1, 2020 Restatement) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.63 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 23, 2022. 
 10.55 Third Amendment to the Truist Financial Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan (August 1, 2020 Restatement) Filed herewith. 
 10.56 Fourth Amendment to the Truist Financial Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan (August 1, 2020 Restatement) Filed herewith. 
 10.57 SunTrust Banks, Inc. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated as of January 1, 2009 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the SunTrust Current Report on Form 8-K, filed January 7, 2009. 
 10.58 Amendment Number One to the SunTrust Banks, Inc. Directors Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2018 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of SunTrust's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 22, 2019. 
 10.59 First Amendment to BB T Corporation Amended and Restated Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated January 1, 2005) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.69 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2021. 
 10.60 2020 Amendment to the Truist Financial Corporation Amended and Restated Non-Employee Directors Deferred Compensation Plan Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.67 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 23, 2022. 
 10.61 Employment Agreement by and between Truist Insurance Holdings, Inc. and John Howard Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.68 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 23, 2022. 
 10.62 Qualified Trust Agreement between Truist Financial Corporation and Fidelity Management Trust Company (July 15, 2020) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.65 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2021. 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation 145 

Exhibit No. Description Location 10.63 First Amendment to Qualified Trust Agreement between Truist Financial Corporation and Fidelity Management Trust Company (July 15, 2020) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.66 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed February 24, 2021. 
 10.64 Truist Financial Corporation 2022 Incentive Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Corporation s Definitive Proxy Statement (filed on March 14, 2022). 
 10.65 Letter to the Board of Directors from William H. Rogers Jr. dated, April 14, 2022, waiving certain rights under his employment agreement 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 5, 2022. 
 10.66 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the Truist Financial Corporation 2022 Incentive Plan 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed May 5, 2022. 
 10.67 Letter from Daryl N. Bible, dated, December 2, 2022 regarding Voluntary Resignation as a Consultant 
 Filed herewith. 
 10.68 Retirement and Consulting Agreement between the Company and Daryl N. Bible. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 1, 2022. 
 10.69 Truist Financial Corporation Management Change of Control, Severance, and Noncompetition Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 26, 2022. 
 10.70 Form of Executive Severance and Noncompetition Agreement. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed October 31, 2022. 
 11 Statement re computation of earnings per share. Filed herewith as Computation of EPS note to the consolidated financial statements. 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. Filed herewith. 
 22 List of Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities. Filed herewith. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Filed herewith. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. Filed herewith. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. Filed herewith. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. Filed herewith. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. Filed herewith. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. Filed herewith. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase. Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits101). Filed herewith. Exhibit filed with the SEC and available upon request. 
 Management compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 146 Truist Financial Corporation 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as of February 28, 2023: Truist Financial Corporation (Registrant) /s/ William H. Rogers Jr. William H. Rogers Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated: /s/ William H. Rogers Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 February 28, 2023 William H. Rogers Jr. /s/ Michael B. Maguire Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 28, 2023 Michael B. Maguire (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Cynthia B. Powell Executive Vice President and Corporate Controller February 28, 2023 Cynthia B. Powell (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Jennifer S. Banner Director February 28, 2023 Jennifer S. Banner /s/ K. David Boyer, Jr. Director February 28, 2023 K. David Boyer, Jr. /s/ Agnes Bundy Scanlan Director February 28, 2023 Agnes Bundy Scanlan /s/ Anna R. Cablik Director February 28, 2023 Anna R. Cablik /s/ Dallas S. Clement Director February 28, 2023 Dallas S. Clement /s/ Paul D. Donahue Director February 28, 2023 Paul D. Donahue /s/ Patrick C. Graney III Director February 28, 2023 Patrick C. Graney III /s/ Linnie M. Haynesworth Director February 28, 2023 Linnie M. Haynesworth /s/ Kelly S. King Director February 28, 2023 Kelly S. King /s/ Easter A. Maynard Director February 28, 2023 Easter A. Maynard /s/ Donna S. Morea Director February 28, 2023 Donna S. Morea /s/ Charles A. Patton Director February 28, 2023 Charles A. Patton /s/ Nido R. Qubein Director February 28, 2023 Nido R. Qubein /s/ David M. Ratcliffe Director February 28, 2023 David M. Ratcliffe /s/ Frank P. Scruggs, Jr. Director February 28, 2023 Frank P. Scruggs, Jr. /s/ Christine Sears Director February 28, 2023 Christine Sears /s/ Thomas E. Skains Director February 28, 2023 Thomas E. Skains /s/ Bruce L. Tanner Director February 28, 2023 Bruce L. Tanner /s/ Thomas N. Thompson Director February 28, 2023 Thomas N. Thompson /s/ Steven C. Voorhees Director February 28, 2023 Steven C. Voorhees 
 Truist Financial Corporation 147 

<EX-4.9>
 2
 ex49securities4q22.htm
 EX-4.9

Document 

Exhibit 4.9 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 As of February 28, 2023, Truist Financial Corporation has three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (1) common stock (2) three series of depositary shares representing interests in preferred stock and (3) preferred purchase securities representing interests in preferred stock. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Truist Financial Corporation s authorized capital stock consists of 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 5.00 per share and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 5.00 per share. All outstanding shares of our capital stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 The following description of common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirely by the applicable provisions of federal law governing bank holding companies, North Carolina law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws are incorporated by reference as Exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Voting Rights . Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote at any meeting of shareholders. Holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. The rights and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to any preferences that our board of directors may set for any series of our preferred stock that we may issue in the future. 
 Dividends. Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as, and if, declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 Liquidation Rights . Holders of our common stock are entitled upon liquidation, to receive pro rata all assets, if any, of Truist Financial Corporation available for distribution after the payment of necessary expenses and all prior claims. 
 Other Rights and Preferences . Holders of our common stock do not have preemptive, redemption or conversion rights 
 Listing . Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol TFC. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES AND PREFERRED PURCHASE SECURITIES 
 REPRESENTING INTERESTS IN SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 Depositary Shares 
 The description set forth below of certain provisions of the deposit agreement and of the depositary shares and depositary receipts does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the forms of deposit agreement and depositary receipts relating to each series of preferred stock. 
 As of February 28, 2023, Truist Financial Corporation has the following depositary shares registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 
 i. Depositary Shares each representing 1 4,000th interest in a share of Series I Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 
 ii. Depositary Shares each representing 1 1,000th interest in a share of Series O Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 iii. Depositary Shares each representing 1 1,000th interest in a share of Series R Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 We refer to the above series of preferred stock represented by depositary shares, as well as the Series J Perpetual Preferred Stock (as described below) collectively as the Preferred Stock. 

The shares of each applicable series of the Preferred Stock have been deposited under a deposit agreement for such series among us, either (1) U.S. Bank National Association, acting as depositary, or (2) Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., acting jointly as depositary, as applicable, and the holders from time to time of depositary receipts issued under the agreement (each such deposit agreement, with respect to the series of Preferred Stock to which it relates, a deposit agreement ). Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each owner of depositary shares will be entitled, in proportion to the applicable fractional interests in shares of preferred stock underlying such depositary shares, to all the rights and preferences of the preferred stock underlying such depositary shares including dividend, voting, redemption, conversion and liquidation rights. 
 The depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts issued pursuant to the deposit agreement. Depositary receipts will be distributed to those persons purchasing the fractional interests in shares of the related series of preferred stock in accordance with the terms of the offering described in the related prospectus supplement. 
 Dividends and Other Distributions. The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of preferred stock to the record holders of depositary shares relating to such preferred stock in proportion to the numbers of such depositary shares owned by such holders on the relevant record date. The depositary shall distribute only the amount, however, that can be distributed without attributing to any holder of depositary shares a fraction of one cent, and any balance not so distributed shall be added to and treated as part of the next sum received by the depositary for distribution to record holders of depositary shares. 
 In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the record holders of depositary shares entitled thereto, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make such distribution. If this happens, the depositary may, with our approval, sell the property and distribute the net sale proceeds to the holders. 
 Redemption of Depositary Shares. If a series of the preferred stock underlying the depositary shares is subject to redemption, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption, in whole or in part, of such series of the preferred stock held by the depositary. The depositary shall mail notice of redemption not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption to the record holders of the depositary shares to be so redeemed at their respective addresses appearing in the depositary s books. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to the applicable fraction of the redemption price per share payable with respect to that series of the preferred stock. Whenever we redeem shares of preferred stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem as of the same redemption date the number of depositary shares relating to shares of preferred stock so redeemed. If less than all of the depositary shares are to be redeemed, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by lot or pro rata as may be determined by the depositary. 
 After the date fixed for redemption, the depositary shares called for redemption will no longer be deemed to be outstanding and all rights of the holders of the depositary shares will cease, except the right to receive the money, securities or other property payable upon such redemption and any money, securities or other property to which the holders of the depositary shares were entitled upon such redemption after surrender to the depositary of the depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares. 
 Voting. Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of the preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in such notice of meeting to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to such preferred stock. Each record holder of depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the preferred stock, will be entitled to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights pertaining to the number of shares of preferred stock underlying such holder s depositary shares. The depositary will endeavor, insofar as practicable, to vote the number of shares of preferred stock underlying such depositary shares in accordance with such instructions and we will agree to take all action that the depositary may deem necessary to enable the depositary to do so. 
 Amendment and Termination of Depositary Agreement. We may enter into an agreement with the depositary at any time to amend the form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement. However, the holders of a majority of the depositary shares must approve any amendment which materially and adversely alters the rights of the existing holders of depositary shares. A deposit agreement may be terminated by us or by the depositary only if all outstanding depositary shares relating thereto have been redeemed or there has been a final distribution in respect of the preferred stock of the relevant series in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding up and such distribution has been distributed to the holders of the related depositary shares. 
 Charges of Depositary. We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements. We will also pay charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the preferred stock and any redemption of the preferred stock. Holders of depositary shares will pay transfer and other taxes and governmental charges and such other charges as are expressly provided in the deposit agreement to be for their accounts. 

Resignation and Removal of Depositary. The depositary may resign at any time by delivering to us notice of its election to do so, and we may at any time remove the depositary, any such resignation or removal to take effect upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment. Such successor depositary must be appointed within 60 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or removal and must be a bank or trust company having its principal office in the United States and having a combined capital and surplus of at least 50,000,000. 
 Reports to Holders. The depositary will forward to the holders of depositary shares all reports and communications from us which are delivered to the depositary and which we are required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. 
 Limitation on Our and the Depositary s Liability. Neither the depositary nor we will be liable if prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond control in performing its obligations under the deposit agreement. Our and the depositary s obligations under the deposit agreement will be limited to performance in good faith of our respective duties thereunder and will not be obligated to prosecute or defend any legal proceeding in respect of any depositary shares or preferred stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. We and the depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants, or information provided by persons presenting preferred stock for deposit, holders of depositary shares or other persons believed to be competent and on documents believed to be genuine. 
 Corporate Trust Office of the Depositary . For Preferred Stock for which the depositary is U.S. Bank, National Association, the address of the depositary s corporate trust office is One Federal Street 3rd Floor Boston, MA 02110. For Preferred Stock for which the depositary is Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the address of the depositary s corporate trust office is 150 Royall Street Canton, Massachusetts 02021. The relevant depositary will act as transfer agent and registrar for depositary receipts. 
 Inspection by Holders . The depositary shall keep the books at the depositary s office at all reasonable times open for inspection by the record holders of depositary receipts, provided that any such holder requesting to exercise such right shall certify to the depositary that such inspection shall be for a proper purpose reasonably related to such person s interest as an owner of depositary shares evidenced by the receipts. 
 Listing. The depositary shares representing the Series I Preferred Stock, Series O Preferred Stock and Series R Preferred Stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbols TFC.PI, TFC.PO and TCF.PR, respectively. 
 Preferred Purchase Securities 
 The description set forth below of the preferred purchase securities does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated declaration of trust, as amended, of SunTrust Preferred Capital I (the Trust filed on October 16, 2006. 
 As of February 28, 2023, Truist Financial Corporation has the following preferred purchase securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 i. 5.853 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Preferred Purchase Securities each representing 1 100th interest in a share of Series J Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 
 Rank . If on any distribution date the Trust does not have funds available from dividends on the Series J preferred stock to make full distributions on the preferred purchase securities, then, if the deficiency in funds results from the failure to pay a full dividend on shares of Series J preferred stock on a Series J dividend payment date, the available funds from dividends on the Series J preferred stock shall be applied first to make distributions then due on the preferred purchase securities on a pro rata basis on such distribution date up to the amount of such distributions corresponding to dividends on the Series J preferred stock (or if less, the amount of the corresponding distributions that would have been made on the preferred purchase securities had we paid a full dividend on the Series J preferred stock). 
 If on any date where preferred purchase securities must be redeemed because we are redeeming Series J preferred stock and the Trust does not have funds available from our redemption of shares of Series J preferred stock to pay the full redemption price then due on all of the outstanding preferred purchase securities to be redeemed, then the available funds shall be applied first to pay the redemption price on the preferred purchase securities to be redeemed on such redemption date. 
 If an early dissolution event occurs in respect of the Trust, full liquidation distributions shall first be made on the preferred purchase securities. In the case of any event of default under the declaration of trust resulting from our failure to comply in any material respect with any of its obligations as issuer of the Series J preferred stock, including obligations set forth in our articles of incorporation or arising under applicable law, we will be deemed to have waived any right to act with respect to any such event of default under the declaration of trust until the effect of all such events of default with respect to the preferred purchase securities have been cured, waived or otherwise eliminated. 

Dividends . Holders of preferred purchase securities are entitled to receive distributions corresponding to dividends on the Series J Preferred Stock held by the Trust. These cash dividends, which will be non-cumulative, will be payable if, as and when declared by our board of directors on the Series J dividend payment dates, which are quarterly in arrears on each March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15 (or if such day is not a business day, the next business day). 
 Redemption . The preferred purchase securities have no stated maturity but must be redeemed on the date we redeem the Series J preferred stock, and the property trustee or paying agent will apply the proceeds from such repayment or redemption to redeem a like amount of the preferred purchase securities. The redemption price per preferred purchase securities will equal the redemption price of the Series J preferred stock. If notice of redemption of any Series J preferred stock has been given and if the funds necessary for the redemption have been set aside by the property trustee or paying agent for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series J preferred stock so called for redemption, then, from and after the redemption date, those shares shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of those shares (including the right to receive any dividends) will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price. 
 If less than all of the shares of the Series J preferred stock held by the Trust are to be redeemed on a redemption date, then the proceeds from such redemption will be allocated pro rata to the redemption of the preferred purchase securities. 
 Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least thirty (30) days but not more than sixty (60) days before the redemption date to the registered address of each holder of preferred purchase securities to be redeemed. 
 Liquidation Rights . After the liquidation date fixed for any distribution of assets of the Trust 
 i. the preferred purchase securities will no longer be deemed to be outstanding 
 ii. if the assets to be distributed are shares of Series J preferred stock, DTC or its nominee, as the record holder of the preferred purchase securities, will receive a registered global certificate or certificates representing the Series J preferred stock to be delivered upon such distribution 
 iii. any certificates representing the preferred purchase securities not held by DTC or its nominee or surrendered to the exchange agent will be deemed to represent shares of Series J preferred stock having a liquidation preference equal to the preferred purchase securities until such certificates are so surrendered for transfer and reissuance and 
 iv. all rights of the holders of the preferred purchase securities will cease, except the right to receive Series J preferred stock upon such surrender. 
 Since each preferred purchase securities corresponds to 1 100th of a share of Series J preferred stock, holders of preferred purchase securities may receive fractional shares of Series J preferred stock or depositary shares representing the Series J preferred stock upon this distribution. 
 
 Voting Rights. The holders of the preferred purchase securities have no voting rights or control over the administration, operation or management of the Trust or the obligations of the parties to the declaration of trust, including in respect of Series J preferred stock beneficially owned by the Trust. 
 Registrar, Transfer Agent and Listing. U.S. Bank National Association acts as registrar and transfer agent for the preferred purchase securities. 
 Listing. The preferred purchase securities representing the Series J Preferred Stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbols TFC.PJ. 
 Preferred Stock 
 As described above, we have depositary shares and preferred purchase securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act that represent interests in the Preferred Stock. This section describes the Preferred Stock, interests in which are represented by the depositary shares and preferred purchase securities. 
 Other than as described below, the terms of the Series O Preferred Stock and Series R Preferred Stock are substantially similar, and the terms of the Series I Preferred Stock and Series J Preferred Stock are substantially similar. 
 Rank . Each series of Preferred Stock ranks on a parity with each other and at least equally with each other series of our preferred stock we may issue, with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. The shares of the Preferred Stock have no preemptive rights. 
 Conversion . The Preferred Stock is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of our stock or other securities. The Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of ours to redeem or repurchase the Preferred Stock. 

Dividends . Holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee of the board, out of legally available assets, payable quarterly at the rate specified below. 
 i. Series I Preferred Stock cash dividends at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (1) 0.53 above 3-Month LIBOR on the related dividend determination date or (2) 4.00 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the actual number of days in such dividend period and the denominator of which shall be 360, and then multiplied by 100,000. 
 ii. Series J Preferred Stock cash dividends at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (1) 0.645 above 3-Month LIBOR on the related dividend determination date or (2) 4.00 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the actual number of days in such dividend period and the denominator of which shall be 360, and then multiplied by 100,000. 
 iii. Series O Preferred Stock noncumulative cash dividends at a per annum rate equal to 5.25 . 
 iv. Series R Preferred Stock noncumulative cash dividends at a per annum rate equal to 4.75 . 
 Redemption . The Series O Preferred Stock and the Series R Preferred Stock are not and will not be subject to any mandatory redemption provisions. The Series I Preferred Stock and Series J Preferred Stock may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time on or after December 15, 2024, with notice of redemption being mailed to holders at least 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption The Series O Preferred Stock may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time on or after June 1, 2025, with notice of redemption being mailed to holders at least 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The Series R Preferred Stock may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time on or after September 1, 2025, with notice of redemption being mailed to holders at least 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
 The Preferred Stock is redeemable, subject to receipt of any required regulatory approvals, in whole or in part as follows 
 i. the Series O Preferred Stock and Series R Preferred Stock is redeemable at a redemption price of 25,000.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, and may be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at our option (subject to the approval of the appropriate federal banking agency) within 90 days of a regulatory capital treatment event, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. 
 
 ii. the Series I Preferred Stock and Series J Preferred Stock is redeemable at a redemption price of 100,000 plus an amount equal to (i) any declared and unpaid dividends for any prior dividend periods plus (ii) any declared and unpaid dividends for the dividend period in which the redemption date occurs (if applicable) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in such dividend period prior to the redemption date, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in such dividend period. 
 Liquidation Rights. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up, the Series I Preferred Stock and Series J Preferred Stock are entitled to receive an amount equal to 100,000 plus an amount equal to (i) any declared and unpaid dividends for any prior dividend periods plus (ii) any declared and unpaid dividends for the dividend period in which the liquidation event occurs (if applicable) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in such dividend period prior to the date of the liquidation event, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in such dividend period. 
 In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Truist Financial Corporation, holders of Series O Preferred Stock and Series R Preferred Stock shall be entitled, out of assets legally available therefor, to receive in full a liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, plus any authorized, declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, to the date of liquidation. 
 Voting Rights . Holders of Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights except as described below. 
 Whenever dividends on any shares of the Preferred Stock or any other class or series of preferred stock that ranks on parity with the Preferred Stock as to payment of dividends, and upon which similar voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, shall have not been declared and paid for an amount equal to six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods, the number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically increase by two and the holders of shares of each series of the Preferred Stock, together with the holders of all other affected classes and series of parity stock, voting as a single class, shall be entitled to elect the two additional directors. These voting rights will continue until full dividends have been paid regularly on the shares of the Preferred Stock and any other class or series of parity stock as to payment of dividends for at least four dividend consecutive periods. 

So long as any shares of the Preferred Stock remain outstanding, (1) the vote or consent of the holders of at least 662 3 of the shares of each series of the Preferred Stock and all other parity stock, voting as a single class, shall be necessary to issue, authorize or increase the authorized amount of, or to issue or authorize any obligation or security convertible into or evidencing the right to purchase, any class or series of stock ranking senior to the Preferred Stock and all other parity stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up and (2) the vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2 3 of the shares of each series of Preferred Stock shall be necessary to amend our articles of incorporation or the articles of amendment of the Preferred Stock or any other series of preferred stock so as to materially and adversely affect the powers, preferences, privileges or rights of the Preferred Stock, taken as a whole. 
 CERTAIN PROVISIONS THAT MAY HAVE AN ANTI-TAKOVER EFFECT 
 Provisions of the North Carolina Business Corporation Act (the NCBCA and our articles of incorporation and bylaws described below may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and, together with the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of our preferred stock and to set the voting rights, preferences and other terms of our preferred stock, may delay or prevent takeover attempts not first approved by our board of directors. These provisions also could delay or deter the removal of incumbent directors or the assumption of control by shareholders. 
 Control Share Acquisition Act . The NCBCA s Control Share Acquisition Act (the Control Share Acquisition Act may make an unsolicited attempt to gain control of Truist Financial Corporation more difficult by restricting the right of specified shareholders to vote newly acquired large blocks of stock. 
 The Control Share Acquisition Act is triggered upon the acquisition by a person of shares of voting stock of a covered corporation that, when added to all other shares beneficially owned by the person, would result in that person holding one-fifth, one-third or a majority of the voting power in the election of directors. Under the Control Share Acquisition Act, the shares acquired that result in the crossing of any of these thresholds have no voting rights until they are conferred by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding voting shares, excluding those shares held by any person involved or proposing to be involved in the acquisition of shares in excess of the thresholds, any officer of the corporation and any employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation. If voting rights are conferred on the acquired shares, all shareholders of the corporation have the right to require that their shares be redeemed at the highest price paid per share by the acquiror for any of the acquired shares. 
 
 North Carolina Shareholder Protection Act . The North Carolina Shareholder Protection Act (the Shareholder Protection Act generally provides that, unless the transaction satisfies certain minimum fair price (as compared to market price, earnings per share and the price paid for shares by the acquiror) and procedural requirements, the affirmative vote of the holders of 95 of the voting shares of a corporation is necessary to adopt or authorize a business combination with any other entity, if that entity is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 20 of the voting shares of the corporation. The Shareholder Protection Act applies to all North Carolina corporations that have not expressly opted out of its provisions in their articles of incorporation or bylaws. We have explicitly opted out of the provisions of the Shareholder Protection Act in our bylaws. 
 Provisions Regarding Our Board of Directors . Our bylaws provide for a board of directors having not less than three nor more than 25 members as determined from time to time by vote of a majority of the members of our board of directors or by resolution by our shareholders. Each director is elected to serve for a term of one year, with each director s term to expire at the annual meeting next following the director s election as a director. Each director shall hold office until his or her death, resignation, retirement, removal, disqualification, or his or her successor is elected and qualified. Under our bylaws, our directors may be removed only for cause and only by the vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote in the election of directors. 
 Meeting of Shareholders Shareholders Nominations and Proposals . Under our bylaws, meetings of the shareholders may be called by our chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, chief operating officer, secretary or our board of directors. Our shareholders may request a special meeting upon the written request of one or more shareholders, who own, or who are acting on behalf of one or more beneficial owners who own, shares representing at least 20 of the voting power entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting, subject to certain procedural requirements, including that a special meeting cannot be called by the shareholders if two or more special meetings of shareholders called pursuant to the request of shareholders have been held within the 12-month period before the request was received. The procedures governing when shareholders may call a special meeting could delay shareholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities until the next annual shareholders meeting. 
 The procedures governing the submission of nominations for directors and other proposals by shareholders may also have a deterrent effect on shareholder actions designed to result in our change of control. Our bylaws require advance notice to our secretary regarding shareholder proposals and the nomination, other than by or at the direction of our board of directors or one of its committees, of candidates for election as directors, not later than (1) in the case 

of an annual meeting, at least 120 days but no more than 150 days in advance of the first anniversary of the notice date of our proxy statement for the preceding year s annual meeting (2) in the case of a special meeting, at least 120 days but no more than 150 days in advance of the meeting date of the special meeting provided, however, if the first public announcement of the date of the special meeting is less than 150 days prior to the date of the special meeting, notice by the shareholder shall not be later than the tenth day following the first public notice of the date for such special meeting provided, further, if the special meeting is called for purposes not including the election of directors, notice by a shareholder may relate solely to items of business and not to nomination of any candidates for election as a director. 
 Notwithstanding the notice period specified above, in the event that the date of an annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from the first anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting, notice by a shareholder must be delivered no earlier than the 150th day prior to such annual meeting and no later than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting provided, however, if the first public announcement date of such annual meeting is less than 150 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, notice by the shareholder shall not be later than the tenth day following the public notice date for such annual meeting. With respect to a shareholder intending to make a proposal for consideration at a meeting, the foregoing notice to the secretary must contain, among other information a description of the proposal the name, address and shareholdings of the shareholder submitting the proposal any material interest of the shareholder in the proposal and a representation that the shareholder is a holder of record of shares entitled to vote at the meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at such meeting to present the proposal. With respect to a shareholder intending to nominate a candidate for election as a director, the foregoing notice to the secretary must contain, among other information the aforementioned information required for a shareholder proposal certain biographical information about the nominee information about the nominee s securities ownership in Truist Financial Corporation and a signed statement by the nominee consenting to serve as a director if so elected. Failure of any shareholder to provide the notice, information or acknowledgements required by the foregoing provisions in a timely and proper manner shall authorize Truist Financial Corporation or the presiding officer at the meeting of shareholders before which such business is proposed to be introduced, or at which such nominee is proposed to be considered for election as a director, to rule such proposal or nomination out of order and not proper to be introduced or considered. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership . The Bank Holding Company Act requires any bank holding company (as defined in that Act) to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board prior to acquiring more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. Any person other than a bank holding company is required to obtain prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire 10 or more of our outstanding common stock under the Change in Bank Control Act. Any holder of 25 or more of our outstanding common stock, other than an individual, is subject to regulation as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act. 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 ex107-plantermination.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 

Exhibit 10.7 
 
 TERMINATION 
 AMENDMENT TO THE 
 SOUTHERN NATIONAL DEFERRED 
 COMPENSATION PLAN FOR 
 KEY EXECUTIVES 
 
 This Termination Amendment Amendment to the Southern National Deferred Compensation Plan for Key Executives (the Plan is made and entered into by Truist Financial Company, effective as set forth below. 
 
 WHEREAS, effective January 1, 1989, Southern National Bank of North Carolina established the Plan for the benefit of selected key employees, as designated in Exhibit A of the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, on February 28, 1995, Southern National Corporation Southern National and BB&T Financial Corporation, the parent corporation of Branch Banking and Trust Company BB ), merged, and as a result of the merger (i) Southern National became the parent corporation of BB&T, and 
 (ii) Southern National became the sponsor of the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, effective as of December 31, 1995, the Plan was amended to provide that (i) no new employees could become participants in the Plan and (ii) no additional deferral elections could be made by participants under the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, on May 19, 1997, Southern National changed its name to BB&T Corporation and 
 WHEREAS, on December 6, 2019, SunTrust Banks, Inc. and BB&T Corporation merged, and as a result of the merger (i) BB&T Corporation changed its name to Truist Financial Corporation Truist ), and (ii) Truist became the sponsor of the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, as of January 1, 2022, all benefits under the Plan have been paid to all participants and beneficiaries and no additional benefits are owed to any participant or beneficiary under the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, as a result of the foregoing, Truist desires to terminate the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, Article VIII of the Plan provides that Truist may, by action of its Board of Directors, terminate the Plan in whole or in part and 
 WHEREAS, Truist's Board of Directors has delegated the ability to sign a plan amendment to any member of Truist's Executive Leadership and 
 
 WHEREAS, it has been determined that the financial impact on Truist of this Amendment is below the Sarbanes Oxley materiality threshold. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, effective as of January 1, 2022, the Plan is terminated. 
 
 BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the proper officers and employees of Truist, acting for and on behalf of Truist, shall be authorized and directed to take such other actions as may be deemed necessary or advisable to carry out the intent and purpose of this Amendment. 
 
 Signature Appears on Next Page 

Executed on this 11th day of April, 2022. 

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 By s Ellen M. Fitzsimmons 
 Title Chief Legal Officer and Head of Public Affairs 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.55>
 4
 ex1055-401kamendment.htm
 EX-10.55

Document 

Exhibit 10.55 
 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 401(K) SAVINGS PLAN 
 (August 1, 2020 Restatement) 
 
 WHEREAS , the Truist Financial Corporation Pension Plan (the Plan ), formerly named the BB&T Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan, was originally adopted effective as of July 1, 1982 
 WHEREAS , the Plan was most recently restated effective as of August 1, 2020 
 
 WHEREAS , the Plan filed a determination letter with the Internal Revenue Service on December 15, 2021, for a determination on the qualified status of the Plan with respect to the recent merger between BB&T and SunTrust 
 WHEREAS , on July 7, 2022, the Internal Revenue Service requested certain changes to the Plan in connection with its review of the determination letter submission, and issued a favorable determination letter dated September 7, 2022 that is conditioned on the adoption of the changes provided in this amendment 
 WHEREAS , it is desired to amend the Plan to reflect the changes requested by the Internal Revenue Service and required by the September 7, 2022 favorable determination letter and 
 
 WHEREAS , under Section 9.3 of the Plan, an officer who is an Executive Manager of the Company has the authority to amend the Plan if the financial impact on the Company of such amendment is below the Sarbanes Oxley materiality threshold as determined by the Company s Chief Financial Officer (or officer with similar authority) 
 WHEREAS , it has been determined that the financial impact on the Company of this amendment is below the Sarbanes Oxley materiality threshold. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , effective as otherwise provided below, the Plan is hereby amended in the respects hereinafter set forth 
 1. Effective January 1, 2019, Section 2.1.4(d) is amended to add the following new paragraph at the end thereof 
 In the event that an employer nonelective or matching contribution is used to fund a qualified nonelective contribution under this Section 2.1.4(d), such employer contribution must satisfy the nonforfeitability requirements of Section 1.401(k)-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations, and the distribution requirements of Section 1.401(k)-1(d) of the Treasury Regulations when allocated to the QNEC accounts of participants, regardless of whether those allocated QNECs are 
 
 1 

actually used to satisfy the ADP test of Section 2.1.4(b) pursuant to Section 1.401(k)-2(a)(6) of the Treasury Regulations. 
 2. Effective August 1, 2020, Section 2.1.7 is amended to add (as defined in Section 1.12) after the word compensation in each instance it appears in Section 2.1.7. 
 3. Effective close of business on December 31, 2016, Section 3.2 shall be amended to read as follows 
 3.2 Forfeitures. Effective as of the close of business on December 31, 2016, there are no forfeitures pursuant to Section 3.1. Prior to the close of business on December 31, 2016, the amounts forfeited pursuant to Section 3.1 were combined with the amounts forfeited by all other participants during such plan year. The aggregate of those forfeitures were applied as follows 
 3.2.1 First, to restore amounts previously forfeited from accounts in accordance with Section 5.4.1 and 
 3.2.2 Second, to reduce the amount of matching contributions which the Participating Employer is otherwise obligated to make pursuant to Section 2.2. 
 4. Effective August 1, 2020, Section 18.2.1 is amended to read as follows 
 
 Except as otherwise provided in (a) and (b) below, the Company contributions allocated to his account on behalf of any participant who is not a key employee shall not be less than the lesser of 3 percent of such participant's statutory compensation (as defined in Section 1.44 of the Plan) or, if the Company has no defined benefit plan which designates this plan to satisfy Section 416 of the Code, the largest percentage of Company contributions allocated on behalf of any key employee for that year. The minimum allocation shall be determined without regard to any Social Security contribution. This minimum allocation shall be made even though, under other plan provisions, the participant otherwise is not entitled to receive an allocation, or would have received a lesser allocation for the year, because of (i) the participant's failure to complete 1,000 hours of service (or any equivalent provided in the plan), (ii) the participant's failure to make mandatory employee contributions to the plan, or (iii) statutory compensation (as defined in Section 1.44 of the Plan) less than a stated amount. The provisions of this Section 18.2.1 shall not apply (a) to any participant who was not employed by the Company on the last day of the plan year, or (b) to any participant to the extent the participant is covered under any other plan or plans of the Company that provide that the minimum allocation or benefit requirement applicable to top-heavy plans shall be met in the other plan or plans. The minimum allocation required (to the extent required to be nonforfeitable under Section 416(b) of the Code) shall not be forfeited under Section 41 l(a)(3)(B) or 41l(a)(3)(D) of the Code. If any additional Company 
 
 2 

contribution is required to be made on behalf of a participant to satisfy the provisions of this Section 18.2.1, such Company contribution shall be allocated to the Employer supplemental matching contribution account of the participant Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company maintains any other defined contribution plan, the Company shall provide a minimum allocation under one such plan equal to 3 percent of statutory compensation (as defined in Section 1.44 of the Plan) for each non-key employee who is entitled to a minimum allocation under each of the plans. The Company may provide that the minimum benefit requirement shall be met in another plan (including another plan that consists solely of a cash or deferred arrangement which meets the requirements of Section 401(k)(12) of the Code and matching contributions with respect to which the requirements of Section 401(m)(l 1) of the Code are met). 
 5. Effective August 1, 2020, Section 1.9.5 of Exhibit C of the Plan is amended to replace the term ideate noncashable and nontransferable annuity with immediate noncashable and nontransferable annuity . 

Executed on this 5th day of October , 2022. 

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 
 By s Ellen M. Fitzsimmons 
 
 Title Chief Legal Officer and Head of Public Affairs 
 
 3 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.56>
 5
 ex1056-401kamendment.htm
 EX-10.56

Document 

Exhibit 10.56 
 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 401(K) SAVINGS PLAN 
 (August 1, 2020 Restatement) 
 
 WHEREAS, the Truist Financial Corporation Pension Plan (the Plan ), formerly named the BB&T Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan, was originally adopted effective as of July 1, 1982 
 WHEREAS, the Plan was most recently restated effective as of August 1, 2020 
 
 WHEREAS, under Section 9.3 of the Plan, an officer who is an Executive Manager of the Company has the authority to amend the Plan to, among other things, provide for the merger of another plan into the Plan, and make any other amendment if the financial impact on the Company of such amendment is below the Sarbanes Oxley materiality threshold as determined by the Company's Chief Financial Officer (or officer with similar authority) 
 WHEREAS, the Company has acquired Constellation Affiliated Partners and Kensington Vanguard Holdings, LLC, and desires to merge the plans sponsored by both acquired companies into the Plan, 
 WHEREAS, it has been determined that the financial impact on the Company of this amendment is below the Sarbanes Oxley materiality threshold and 
 WHEREAS, the amended provisions herein that have a retroactive effective date, are adopted in accordance with Revenue Procedure 2021-30, section 4.05(2). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, effective as provided below, the Plan is hereby amended in the respects hereinafter set forth 
 1. Effective July 1, 2021 a new Section 6 is added to Exhibit C of the Plan, to read as follows 
 6. Merger of Coastal Insurance Underwriters, Inc. 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan. Effective as of December 21, 2021, the assets and liabilities of the Coastal Insurance Underwriters 401(k), Inc. Profit Sharing Plan (the Coastal Insurance Plan shall be merged into the Plan. The merger shall satisfy the requirements of Section 414(1) of the Code and Section 12.3 of the plan. The assets of the Coastal Insurance Plan (the transferred amounts shall be transferred to the Trustee and merged with the Plan as soon as administratively feasible on or after such date. 
 6.1 Allocation of Transferred Amounts The transferred amounts representing a participant's before-tax contributions, Roth deferral contributions, matching contributions, rollover contributions and employer nonelective contributions, and earnings thereon, shall be allocated to the participant's respective accounts in the 
 
 1 

plan or allocated to separate accounts, in the Committee's sole discretion. The transferred amounts will be invested in the same investment funds in which they are invested under the Coastal Insurance Plan prior to the merger until the participant elects otherwise in accordance with Section 7. 
 6.2 Eligibility The Coastal Insurance Plan's sponsor was purchased by the Company on July 1, 2021. Any Coastal Insurance Plan participants who were active employees of Coastal Insurance Underwriters, Inc. became Company employees eligible to participate in this Plan as of July 1, 2021. Any Coastal Insurance Plan participant, who (1) is not already a participant in the Plan, and (2) has an account balance under the Coastal Insurance Plan as of the close of business on June 30, 2021, shall become a participant in the plan as of the open of business on July 1, 2021 with regard to such transferred amounts. With regard to eligibility for future contributions under the Plan, service credited under the Coastal Insurance Plan shall be taken into account, as provided in Section 1.42. 
 6.3 Loans Any loan outstanding under the Coastal Insurance Plan as of June 30, 2021 shall be transferred to the plan and treated as a loan under Section 4.4, subject to the existing repayment terms. After the transfer, transferred amounts shall be eligible for loans in accordance with Section 4.4. 
 6.4 Vesting All transferred amounts shall be fully vested. 
 
 6.5 Distributions Prior to Termination from Service Generally, transferred amounts are subject to the pre-termination distribution provisions in Section 4. 
 6.6 Distributions On or After Termination from Service Generally, transferred amounts are subject to the post-termination from service distribution provisions in Section 5. 
 2. Effective July 1, 2021, a new Section 7 is added to Exhibit C of the Plan, to read as follows 
 7. Merger of Constellation Affiliated Partners 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and Trust. Effective as of November 18, 2021, the assets and liabilities of the Constellation Affiliated Partners 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan and Trust (the Constellation PS Plan shall be merged into the Plan. The merger shall satisfy the requirements of Section 414(1) of the Code and Section 12.3 of the plan. The assets of the Constellation PS Plan (the transferred amounts shall be transferred to the Trustee and merged with the Plan as soon as administratively feasible on or after such date. 
 
 2 

7.1 Allocation of Transferred Amounts The transferred amounts representing a participant's before-tax contributions, Roth deferral contributions, matching contributions, rollover contributions and employer nonelective contributions, and earnings thereon, shall be allocated to the participant's respective accounts in the plan or allocated to separate accounts, in the Committee's sole discretion. The transferred amounts will be invested in the same investment funds in which they are invested under the Constellation PS Plan prior to the merger until the participant elects otherwise in accordance with Section 7. 
 7.2 Eligibility The Constellation PS Plan's sponsor was purchased by the Company on July 1, 2021. Any Constellation PS Plan participants who were active employees of Constellation Affiliated Partners, became Company employees eligible to participate in this Plan as of July 1, 2021. Any Constellation PS Plan participant, who (1) is not already a participant in the Plan, and (2) has an account balance under the Constellation PS Plan as of the close of business on June 30, 2021, shall become a participant in the plan as of the open of business on July 1, 2021 with regard to such transferred amounts. With regard to eligibility for future contributions under the Plan, service credited under the Constellation PS Plan shall be taken into account, as provided in Section 1.42. 
 7.3 Loans Any loan outstanding under the Constellation PS Plan as of June 2, 2021 shall be transferred to the plan and treated as a loan under Section 4.4, subject to the existing repayment terms. After the transfer, transferred amounts shall be eligible for loans in accordance with Section 4.4. 
 
 7.4 Vesting All transferred amounts shall be fully vested. 
 
 7.5 Distributions Prior to Termination from Service Generally, 
 transferred amounts are subject to the pre-termination distribution provisions in Section 4. 
 7.6 Distributions On or After Termination from Service Generally, transferred amounts are subject to the post-termination from service distribution provisions in Section 5. 
 3. Effective July 1, 2021 a new Section 8 is added to Exhibit C of the Plan, to read as follows 
 
 8. Merger of Constellation Affiliated Partners 401(k) Plan. Effective as of January 10, 2022, the assets and liabilities of the Constellation Affiliated Partners 401(k) Plan (the Constellation 401(k) Plan shall be merged into the Plan. The merger shall satisfy the requirements of Section 414(1) of the Code and Section 12.3 of the plan. The assets of the Constellation 401(k) Plan (the transferred amounts shall be 
 
 3 

transferred to the Trustee and merged with the Plan as soon as administratively feasible on or after such date. 
 8.1 Allocation of Transferred Amounts The transferred amounts representing a participant's before-tax contributions, Roth deferral contributions, matching contributions, rollover contributions and employer nonelective contributions, and earnings thereon, shall be allocated to the participant's respective accounts in the plan or allocated to separate accounts, in the Committee's sole discretion. The transferred amounts will be invested in the same investment funds in which they are invested under the Constellation 401(k) Plan prior to the merger until the participant elects otherwise in accordance with Section 7. 
 8.2 Eligibility The Constellation 401(k) Plan's sponsor was purchased by the Company on July 1, 2021. Any Constellation 401(k) Plan participants who were active employees of Constellation Affiliated Partners, became Company employees eligible to participate in this Plan as of July 1, 2021. Any Constellation 401(k) Plan participant, who (1) is not already a participant in the Plan, and (2) has an account balance under the Constellation 401(k) Plan as of the close of business on June 30, 2021, shall become a participant in the plan as of the open of business on July 1, 2021 with regard to such transferred amounts. With regard to eligibility for future 
 contributions under the Plan, service credited under the Constellation 401(k) Plan shall be taken into account, as provided in Section 1.42. 
 8.3 Loans Any loan outstanding under the Constellation 401(k) Plan as of June 30, 2021 shall be transferred to the plan and treated as a loan under Section 4.4, subject to the existing repayment terms. After the transfer, transferred amounts shall be eligible for loans in accordance with Section 4.4. 
 8.4 Vesting All transferred amounts shall be fully vested. 
 
 8.5 Distributions Prior to Termination from Service Generally, transferred amounts are subject to the pre-termination distribution provisions in Section 4. 
 8.6 Distributions On or After Termination from Service Generally, transferred amounts are subject to the post-termination from service distribution provisions in Section 5. 
 4. Effective March 1, 2022 a new Section 9 is added to Exhibit C of the Plan, to read as follows 
 
 9. Merger of Kensington Vanguard Holdings, LLC Profit Sharing Plan. 
 Effective as of August 29, 2022, the assets and liabilities of the Kensington Vanguard 
 
 4 

Holdings, LLC Profit Sharing Plan (the Kensington Plan shall be merged into the Plan. The merger shall satisfy the requirements of Section 414(1) of the Code and Section 
 12.3 of the plan. The assets of the Kensington Plan (the transferred amounts shall be transferred to the Trustee and merged with the Plan as soon as administratively feasible on or after such date. 
 9.1 Allocation of Transferred Amounts The transferred amounts representing a participant's before-tax contributions, Roth deferral contributions, matching contributions, rollover contributions and employer nonelective contributions, and earnings thereon, shall be allocated to the participant's respective accounts in the plan or allocated to separate accounts, in the Committee's sole discretion. The transferred amounts will be invested in the same investment funds in which they are invested under the Kensington Plan prior to the merger until the participant elects otherwise in accordance with Section 7. 
 9.2 Eligibility The Kensington Plan's sponsor was purchased by the Company on March 1, 2022. Any Kensington Plan participants who were active employees of Kensington Vanguard Holdings, LLC, became Company employees eligible to participate in this Plan as of March 1, 2022. Any Kensington Plan participant, who (1) is not already a participant in the Plan, and (2) has an account balance under the Kensington Plan as of the close of business on February 28, 2022, shall become a participant in the plan as of the open of business on March 1, 2022 with regard to such transferred amounts. With regard to eligibility for future contributions under the Plan, service credited under the Kensington Plan shall be taken into account, as provided in Section 1.42. 
 9.3 Loans Any loan outstanding under the Kensington Plan as of February 28, 2022 shall be transferred to the plan and treated as a loan under Section 4.4, subject to the existing repayment terms. After the transfer, transferred amounts shall be eligible for loans in accordance with Section 4.4. 
 
 9.4 Vesting All transferred amounts shall be fully vested. 
 
 9.5 Distributions Prior to Termination from Service Generally, 
 transferred amounts are subject to the pre-termination distribution provisions in Section 4. 
 9.6 Distributions On or After Termination from Service Generally, transferred amounts are subject to the post-termination from service distribution provisions in Section 5. 

Executed on this 31 day of December, 2022. 
 5 

TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 
 By s Ellen M. Fitzsimmons 
 
 Title Chief Legal Officer and Head of Public Affairs 
 
 6 

</EX-10.56>

<EX-10.67>
 6
 ex1067-bibleletter.htm
 EX-10.67

Document 

Exhibit 10.67 
 Daryl N. Bible 
 4701 Carmel Park Lane 
 Charlotte, NC 29226 

December 2, 2022 

Truist Financial Corporation 214 North Tryon Street Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 
 Attn Kimberly Moore-Wright, Chief Teammate Officer and Head of Enterprise Diversity 
 Copy Ellen M. Fitzsimmons, Chief Legal Officer and Head of Public Affairs Dear Kim, 
 Reference is made to the Retirement and Consulting Agreement made and entered into as of June 2, 2022, by and among Truist Financial Corporation (the Company and me (the Retirement Agreement ). As you know, my employment is scheduled to terminate on November 30, 2022 (the Separation Date in connection with my retirement. 
 Pursuant to Section 2 of the Retirement Agreement, I had agreed to remain as a consultant of the Company through the twelve (12) month anniversary of the Separation Date. 
 
 This letter is to inform you that, as of May 31, 2023, I will voluntarily resign as a consultant. I acknowledge and agree that this represents my voluntary termination of consulting services under the Retirement Agreement and that (i) the terms and conditions set forth in the Retirement Agreement, including, without limitation, the Continuing Obligations set forth in Section 5 and the General Release set forth in Section 6, continue to be in full force and effect, and I will execute the Reaffirmation set forth in Schedule A of the Retirement Agreement (and reattached hereto as Schedule A) following the Separation Date, (ii) pursuant to Section 4G) of the Retirement Agreement, I will not be entitled to receive the Separation Pay (as defined in the Retirement Agreement) and (iii) pursuant to Section 2 of the Retirement Agreement, I will not be entitled to receive any of the Consulting Fees (as defined in the Retirement Agreement) following my voluntary termination of my consulting services. 
 
 Further, I acknowledge and agree that (i) with respect to my equity and equity-based awards, the terms of the Truist Financial Corporation 2012 Incentive Plan the Plan and the underlying award agreements control their treatment as explained in Section 4(d) of the Retirement Agreement, (ii) with respect to my Long-Term Incentive Plan LTIP awards, the terms of the Plan and the underlying LTIP award agreements control their treatment (iii) provided I otherwise comply with the terms of the Retirement Agreement, including, without limitation, my Continuing Obligations and my execution and 

nonrevocation of the Reaffirmation following the Separation Date, with respect to any incentive-based award for which I may be eligible under the 2022 Annual Incentive Performance Award Program, I will receive a prorated portion of my 2022 AIP award as expressly set forth in Section 4(a) of the Retirement Agreement, (iv) provided I otherwise comply with the terms of the Retirement Agreement, including, without limitation, my Continuing Obligations and my execution and nonrevocation of the Reaffirmation following the Separation Date, with respect to continuation of health benefits coverage, I will remain eligible for that coverage as provided under Section 4(c) of the Retirement Agreement through the termination ofmy Consulting Services on May 31, 2023 and (v) I am not otherwise entitled to any other compensation or benefits (other than my earned but unpaid salary for the remaining period of my employment, any accrued but unused vacation, Consulting Fees for consulting services prior to the termination of those services, and any vested benefits, including vested pension benefits) following the Separation Date. I further acknowledge and agree that, pursuant to Section 2(b) of the Retirement Agreement, the final monthly Consulting Fee will be with respect to May 2023, and that the payment of such final monthly Consulting Fee will be contingent upon me executing and not revoking the Second Reaffirmation (as described in the Retirement Agreement). For the avoidance of doubt, acceptance of employment with M&T Bank with a start date on or after June 1, 2023 would not be deemed a violation of Section 5(f) of the Retirement Agreement. 
 
 Yours truly, 

Daryl N. Bible 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
 TRUIST FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 s Daryl N. Bible 
 12 2 2022 

Schedule A REAFFIRMATION PAGE 
 This page represents your reaffirmation of the commitments set forth in the 
 Retirement and Consulting Agreement made and entered into by and between Daryl N. Bible and Truist Financial Corporation Truist (the Agreement from the date you signed the Agreement through the date that you sign this Reaffirmation, and you hereby agree that the release of claims pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement will be extended to cover any act, omission or occurrence occurring up to and including the date you sign this Reaffirmation. You will have seven (7) days following your execution of this Reaffirmation to revoke your signature by notifying, in writing, to Kimberly Moore Wright, Chief Teammate Officer and Head of Enterprise Diversity, with a copy to the General Counsel, of this fact within such seven (7) day period. 
 
 I ratify and reaffirm the commitments set forth in the Agreement 
 
 s Daryl N. Bible 
 Date 12 2 2022 

</EX-10.67>

<EX-21>
 7
 ex21subsidiaries4q22.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation, a North Carolina corporation, is a FHC. The table below sets forth information with regards to certain subsidiaries of the registrant. Certain subsidiaries are not included in reliance on Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. Subsidiary State or Jurisdiction 
 of Organization 
 Additional Names Under Which it does Business Truist Bank North Carolina BB&T BB&T Capital Markets BB&T Mortgage Warehouse Lending Cohen Financial Services Crestar Bank LightStream LightStream Lending Pillar Financial Sheffield Financial Company SunTrust Bank Company SunTrust Bank, Corp. SunTrust Bank, Inc. SunTrust Dealer Financial Services SunTrust Mortgage, Inc. Truist Truist Bank Company Truist Bank Inc. CB Finance, Inc. Delaware CM Finance, L.L.C Delaware STB Real Estate Parent (MA), Inc Delaware STB Real Estate Holdings (Commercial), Inc Delaware STB Real Estate Holdings (Household Lending), Inc Delaware Truist Commercial Equity, Inc. Delaware Truist Leasing Corp. Georgia Truist Community Capital, LLC Georgia Truist Insurance Holdings, Inc. Delaware AmRisc of Delaware, LLC Delaware CRC Insurance Services, Inc. Delaware Crump Life Insurance Services, LLC Pennsylvania McGriff Insurance Services, Inc. North Carolina GenSpring Holdings, Inc. Florida GFO Advisory Services, LLC Florida GenSpring MBT, Ltd Bermuda Sterling Capital Management LLC North Carolina Sterling Capital Management of North Carolina LLC SCM Investors LLC Truist Advisory Services, Inc Delaware Truist Delaware Trust Company Delaware Truist Investment Services, Inc Georgia Truist Securities, Inc. Tennessee 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 8
 ex22guaranteed4q22.htm
 EX-22

Document 

EXHIBIT 22 
 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARY ISSUERS OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES 
 
 Truist Financial Corporation TFC has guaranteed the payment of certain amounts due with respect to the securities of its subsidiary described below. 
 Issuer Securities SunTrust Preferred Capital I, a Delaware statutory trust 
 5.853 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Normal Preferred Purchase Securities , each representing a 1 100th interest in a share of TFC Series J Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (NYSE TFC.PJ) 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 9
 ex23consent4q22.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 Nos. Form S-8 Nos. 333-219092 333-264826 333-219379 033-57867 333-233483 333-50035 333-261845 333-69823 333-116488 333-118152 333-118153 333-118154 333-147923 333-147924 333-158895 333-158896 333-181692 333-197042 333-206895 333-207147 333-218234 333-235414 
 
 of Truist Financial Corporation of our report dated February 28, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 Charlotte, North Carolina 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex311certification4q22.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, William H. Rogers Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Truist Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s William H. Rogers Jr. William H. Rogers Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex312certification4q22.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Michael B. Maguire, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Truist Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s Michael B. Maguire Michael B. Maguire Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 12
 ex32certification4q22.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Truist Financial Corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify that 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 s William H. Rogers Jr. William H. Rogers Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer s Michael B. Maguire Michael B. Maguire Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Truist Financial Corporation and will be retained by Truist Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 tfc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 tfc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 tfc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 tfc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 tfc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

