<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_932781_0001552781-23-000156.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20532841</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>465326</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1998272</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10235104</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2842622</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4035802</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552781-23-000156.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322162638
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552781-23-000156
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST COMMUNITY CORP /SC/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000932781
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				571010751
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28344
		FILM NUMBER:		23753241

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5455 SUNSET BLVD
		CITY:			LEXINGTON
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29072
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8032538875

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552781-23-000156.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 e23093_fcco-10k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

 Form

(Mark
 One) 

Annual
 Report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended 
 
 Or 

Transition
 Report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For
 the transition period from to

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 
 
 - 

 Registrant s telephone
number, including area code 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Capital Market 
 
 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o 
 x 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
Yes o x 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for past 90 days. x 
No o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). x No o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer o 
 Accelerated
 Filer o 
 x 
 Smaller
 reporting company 
 Emerging
 growth company 
 
 If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. o 

 If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o 
 x 

 As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 
based on the closing price of 19.17 on June 30, 2022, as reported on The NASDAQ Capital Market. shares of the registrant s common stock were issued and outstanding as of March 22, 2023. 

 Documents
Incorporated by Reference 

 Portions of the
registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III,
Items 10-14 of this Form 10-K. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 PART I 
 
 7 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 7 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 26 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 41 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 41 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 41 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 41 
 
 PART II 
 
 42 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 42 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 43 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 43 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 74 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 74 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 78 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 79 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 80 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 
 81 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 82 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 83 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 122 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 122 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 122 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 122 
 
 PART III 
 
 123 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 123 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 123 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 123 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 123 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 123 
 
 PART IV 
 
 124 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 124 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 126 

2 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This report, including information
included or incorporated by reference in this report, contains statements which constitute forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements
may relate to, among other matters, the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance, and the business
of our company. Forward-looking statements are based on many assumptions and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, as they will depend on many factors
about which we are unsure, including many factors which are beyond our control. The words may, approximately, 
 is likely, would, could, should, will, expect, anticipate, 
 predict, project, potential, continue, assume, believe, 
 intend, plan, forecast, goal, and estimate, as well as similar
expressions, are meant to identify such forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those described under the
heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the following: 

credit
 losses as a result of, among other potential factors, declining real estate values, increasing interest rates, increasing unemployment,
 or changes in customer payment behavior or other factors; 

the
 amount of our loan portfolio collateralized by real estate and weaknesses in the real estate market; 

restrictions
 or conditions imposed by our regulators on our operations; 

the
 adequacy of the level of our allowance for loan losses and the amount of loan loss provisions required in future periods; 

examinations
 by our regulatory authorities, including the possibility that the regulatory authorities may, among other things, require us to increase
 our allowance for loan losses, write-down assets, or take other actions; 

risks
 associated with actual or potential information gatherings, investigations or legal proceedings by customers, regulatory agencies
 or others; 

reduced
 earnings due to higher other-than-temporary impairment charges resulting from additional decline in the value of our securities portfolio,
 specifically as a result of increasing default rates, and loss severities on the underlying real estate collateral; 

increases
 in competitive pressure in the banking and financial services industries; 

changes
 in the interest rate environment, which are affected by many factors beyond our control, including inflation, recession, unemployment,
 money supply, domestic and international events and changes in the United States and other financial markets, and that could reduce
 anticipated or actual margins; temporarily reduce the market value of our available-for-sale investment securities and temporarily
 reduce accumulated other comprehensive income or increase accumulated other comprehensive loss, which temporarily could reduce shareholders 
 equity; 

changes
 in political conditions or the legislative or regulatory environment, including governmental initiatives affecting the financial
 services industry, including as a result of the presidential administration and congressional elections; 

general
 economic conditions resulting in, among other things, a deterioration in credit quality; 

changes
 occurring in business conditions and inflation, including the impact of inflation on us, including a decrease in demand for new mortgage
 loan and commercial real estate loan originations and refinancings, an increase in competition for deposits, and an increase in non-interest
 expense, which may have an adverse impact on our financial performance; 

changes
 in access to funding or increased regulatory requirements with regard to funding, which could impair our liquidity; 

cybersecurity
 risk related to our dependence on internal computer systems and the technology of outside service providers, as well as the potential
 impacts of third party security breaches, which subject us to potential business disruptions or financial losses resulting from deliberate
 attacks or unintentional events; 

changes
 in deposit flows, which may be negatively affected by a number of factors, including rates paid by competitors, general interest
 rate levels, regulatory capital requirements, and returns available to customers on alternative investments; 

changes
 in technology; 

our
 current and future products, services, applications and functionality and plans to promote them; 

changes
 in monetary and tax policies, including potential changes in tax laws and regulations; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, estimates and practices as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board, the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; 

our
 assumptions and estimates used in applying critical accounting policies, which may prove unreliable, inaccurate or not predictive
 of actual results; 

the
 rate of delinquencies and amounts of loans charged-off; 

the
 rate of loan growth in recent years and the lack of seasoning of a portion of our loan portfolio; 

our
 ability to maintain appropriate levels of capital, including levels of capital required under the capital rules implementing Basel
 III; 

our
 ability to successfully execute our business strategy; 

our
 ability to attract and retain key personnel; 

3 

our
 ability to retain our existing customers, including our deposit relationships; 

adverse
 changes in asset quality and resulting credit risk-related losses and expenses; 

the
 potential effects of events beyond our control that may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets and the economy, such as
 epidemics and pandemics (including COVID-19), war or terrorist activities, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, disruptions in our customers 
 supply chains, disruptions in transportation, essential utility outages or trade disputes and related tariffs; 

disruptions
 due to flooding, severe weather or other natural disasters; and 

other
 risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors below. 

Because of these
and other risks and uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by any forward-looking
statements. For additional information with respect to factors that could cause actual results to differ from the expectations stated
in the forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition,
our past results of operations do not necessarily indicate our future results. Therefore, we caution you not to place undue reliance
on our forward-looking information and statements. 

 All forward-looking
statements in this report are based on information available to us as of the date of this report. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee you that these expectations will be achieved. We undertake
no obligation to publicly update or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events,
or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. 

4 

Summary
of Material Risks 

An investment in our securities involves
risks, including those summarized below. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see Item 1A Risk
Factors. 

Economic
and Geographic-Related Risks 

Our
 business may be adversely affected by economic conditions. 

C redit
and Interest Rate Risks 

Our
 decisions regarding credit risk and reserves for loan losses may materially and adversely affect our business. 

We
 may have higher loan losses than we have allowed for in our allowance for loan losses. 

We
 have a concentration of credit exposure in commercial real estate and challenges faced by the commercial real estate market could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations . 

Imposition
 of limits by the bank regulators on commercial and multi-family real estate lending activities could curtail our growth and adversely
 affect our earnings. 

Repayment
 of our commercial business loans is often dependent on the cash flows of the borrower, which may be unpredictable, and the collateral
 securing these loans may fluctuate in value. 

Our
 focus on lending to small to mid-sized community-based businesses may increase our credit risk. 

Our
 underwriting decisions may materially and adversely affect our business. 

We
 depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties and our financial condition could be adversely
 affected if we rely on misleading information. 

If
 we fail to effectively manage credit risk, our business and financial condition will suffer. 

Changes
 in prevailing interest rates may reduce our profitability. 

Capital
and Liquidity Risks 

Changes
 in the financial markets could impair the value of our investment portfolio. 

The
 Bank is subject to strict capital requirements, which could be amended to be more stringent, in the future. 
 
 Risks
Related to Our Industry 

Inflationary
 pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The
 transition away from LIBOR could negatively impact our net interest income and require operational work. 

Higher
 FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments could adversely affect our financial condition. 

We
 could experience a loss due to competition with other financial institutions or nonbank companies. 

We
 may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 

Failure
 to keep pace with technological changes could adversely affect our business. 

New
 lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risk. 

Consumers
 may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions. 
 
 Risks
Related to Our Strategy 

We
 may be adversely affected by risks associated with future mergers and acquisitions, including execution risk, which could disrupt
 our business and dilute shareholder value. 

We
 may be exposed to difficulties in combining the operations of acquired businesses into our own operations, which may prevent us from
 achieving the expected benefits from our acquisition activities. 

New
 or acquired banking office facilities and other facilities may not be profitable. 

Risks
Related to Our Human Capital 

We
 are dependent on key individuals, and the loss of one or more of these key individuals could curtail our growth and adversely affect
 our prospects. 

Operational
Risks 

A
 failure in, or breach of, our systems or infrastructure, or those of our vendors, including cyber-attacks, could disrupt our businesses,
 result in disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation or increase our costs and losses. 

We
 are at risk of increased losses from fraud. 

Our
 use of third party vendors and our other ongoing third party business relationships are subject to increasing regulatory requirements
 and attention. 

If
 we fail to maintain our reputation, our performance may be materially adversely affected. 

5 

L egal,
Accounting, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 

We
 are subject to extensive regulation that could restrict our activities, have an adverse impact on our operations, and impose financial
 requirements or limitations on the conduct of our business. 

Federal,
 state and local consumer lending laws may restrict our ability to originate certain mortgage loans or increase our risk of liability
 with respect to such loans and could increase our cost of doing business. 

We
 are subject to federal and state fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. 

Changes
 in accounting standards could materially affect our financial statements. 

New
 accounting standards will likely require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition and results of operations. 

The
 Federal Reserve may require us to commit capital resources to support the Bank. 

We
 face risks related to the adoption of future legislation and potential changes in federal regulatory agency leadership, policies,
 and priorities. 

We
 are party to various claims and lawsuits incidental to our business. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties such that the expenses
 and ultimate exposure with respect to many of these matters cannot be ascertained. 

From
 time to time we are, or may become, involved in suits, legal proceedings, information-gatherings, investigations and proceedings
 by governmental and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences. 

We
 could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws and regulations or the interpretations of such laws and regulations 

Our
 ability to realize deferred tax assets may be reduced, which may adversely impact our results of operation. 

R isks
Related to an Investment In our Common Stock 

Our
 ability to pay cash dividends is limited, and we may be unable to pay future dividends even if we desire to do so. 

Our
 stock price may be volatile, which could result in losses to our investors and litigation against us. 

Future
 sales of our stock by our shareholders or the perception that those sales could occur may cause our stock price to decline. 

Economic
 and other circumstances may require us to raise capital at times or in amounts that are unfavorable to us. If we have to issue shares
 of common stock, they will dilute the percentage ownership interest of existing shareholders and may dilute the book value per share
 of our common stock and adversely affect the terms on which we may obtain additional capital. 

Provisions
 of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, South Carolina law, and state and federal banking regulations, could delay or prevent
 a takeover by a third party. 

An
 investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit. 
 
 General
Risks 

Increasing
 scrutiny and evolving expectations with respect to our environmental, social and governance
 practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 
 Climate
 change could have a material adverse impact on us and our customers. 

Our
 historical operating results may not be indicative of our future operating results. 

A
 downgrade of the U.S. credit rating could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

6 

PART
I 

 Item
1. Business. 

 General

First Community
Corporation, a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, was incorporated under the laws of South Carolina
in November 1994 primarily to own and control all of the capital stock of First Community Bank, which commenced operations in August
1995. The Bank s primary federal regulator is the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ). The Bank is also
regulated and examined by the South Carolina Board of Financial Institutions (the S.C. Board ). 

 Unless otherwise
mentioned or unless the context requires otherwise, references herein to First Community, the Company we, 
 us, our or similar references mean First Community Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. References
to the Bank means First Community Bank. 

 We engage in
a commercial banking business from our main office in Lexington, South Carolina and our 22 full-service offices located in: the Midlands
of South Carolina, which includes Lexington County (6 offices), Richland County (4 offices), Newberry County (2 offices) and Kershaw
County (1 office); the Upstate of South Carolina, which includes Greenville County (2 offices), Anderson County (1 office) and Pickens
County (1 office); the Piedmont Region of South Carolina, which includes York County, South Carolina (1 office) and the Central Savannah
River Area, which includes Aiken County, South Carolina (1 office); and in Augusta, Georgia, which includes Richmond County (2 offices)
and Columbia County (1 office). In addition, we conducted business from a mortgage loan production office in Richland County, South Carolina
until January 24, 2020, after which we consolidated such operations with other existing Bank offices. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately
 1.7 billion in assets, 980.9 million in loans, 1.4 billion in deposits, and 118.4 million in shareholders equity. 

 We offer a wide-range
of traditional banking products and services for professionals and small-to medium-sized businesses, including consumer and commercial,
mortgage, brokerage and investment, and insurance services. We also offer online banking to our customers. We have grown organically
and through acquisitions. 

 Our stock trades
on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol FCCO . 

 Available
Information 

 We provide our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act on our website at www.firstcommunitysc.com/ under the About section, under the Investors link. These filings are made accessible as soon as reasonably practicable after
they have been filed electronically with SEC. These filings are also accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition,
we make available under our Investor Relations section on our website the following, among other things: (i) Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics, which applies to our directors and all employees and (ii) the charters of the Audit and Compliance, Human Resources and Compensation,
and Nominations and Corporate Governance Committees of our board of directors. These materials are available to the general public on
our website free of charge. Printed copies of these materials are also available free of charge to shareholders who request them in writing.
Please address your request to: Investor Relations, First Community Corporation, 5455 Sunset Boulevard, Lexington, South Carolina 29072.
Statements of beneficial ownership of equity securities filed by directors, officers, and 10 or greater shareholders under Section 16
of the Exchange Act are also available through our website. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this
report. 

Location
and Service Area 

 The Bank is engaged
in a general commercial and retail banking business, emphasizing the needs of small-to-medium sized businesses, professionals and individuals.
We have a total of 13 full-service offices located in Richland, Lexington, Kershaw and Newberry Counties of South Carolina and the surrounding
areas. We refer to these counties as the Midlands region of South Carolina. Lexington County is home to six of our branch
offices. Richland County, in which we currently have four branches, is the second largest county in South Carolina. Columbia is located
within Richland County and is South Carolina s capital city and is geographically positioned in the center of the state between
the industrialized Upstate region of South Carolina and the coastal city of Charleston, South Carolina. Intersected by three major interstate
highways (I-20, I-77, and I-26), Columbia s strategic location has contributed greatly to its commercial appeal and growth. With
the acquisition of Savannah River Banking Company in 2014, we added a branch in Aiken, South Carolina and a branch in Augusta, Georgia
(Richmond County). In 2016, we opened a loan production office in Greenville County, which we converted into a full-service office in
February 2019. With the acquisition of Cornerstone Bancorp in 2017, we added a branch in each of Greenville, Pickens, and Anderson Counties
of South Carolina. We refer to this three-county area as the Upstate region of South Carolina. In 2018, we opened a de
novo branch in downtown Augusta, Georgia (Richmond County). In 2019, we opened a de
novo branch in Evans, Georgia, a suburb of Augusta in Columbia County, Georgia. We refer to the three-county area of Aiken
County (South Carolina), Richmond County (Georgia) and Columbia County (Georgia) as the CSRA region. On March 14, 2022,
we opened a loan production office in York County, South Carolina. We converted this loan production office into a full-service banking
office on October 20, 2022. We refer to York County, South Carlina and the surrounding area as the Piedmont Region . 

7 

The following table
shows data as to deposits, market share and population for our four market areas (deposits in thousands): 

Total 
 Estimated 
 Total Market Deposits (2) 
 Our Market Deposits (2) 

Offices 
 Population (1) 
 June 30, 2022 
 June 30, 2022 
 Market Share 
 
 Midlands Region 
 13 
 831,330 
 28,554,956 
 1,108,244 
 3.88 
 
 CSRA Region 
 4 
 542,030 
 11,183,001 
 183,666 
 1.64 
 
 Upstate Region 
 4 
 886,885 
 24,351,859 
 181,521 
 0.75 
 
 Piedmont Region (3) 
 1 
 296,452 
 4,807,062 
 0 
 0.00 

(1) 
 Population
 data is 2023 total population from S P Global Market Intelligence. 
 
 (2) 
 All
 deposit data is based on June 30, 2022 data sourced from S P Global Market Intelligence. 
 
 (3) 
 Our
 full-service banking office in the Piedmont Region opened on October 20, 2022. 

We believe that we serve
attractive banking markets with long-term growth potential and a well-educated employment base that helps to support our diverse and
relatively stable local economy. According to S P Global Market Intelligence, 2023 median household incomes for each of the counties
in the regions noted above were as follows: 

Richland County, SC 
 62,424 
 
 Lexington County, SC 
 70,718 
 
 Newberry County, SC 
 55,766 
 
 Kershaw County SC 
 60,911 
 
 Greenville County, SC 
 72,007 
 
 Anderson County, SC 
 61,342 
 
 Pickens County SC 
 55,988 
 
 Aiken County SC 
 60,219 
 
 Richmond County, GA 
 50,229 
 
 Columbia County, GA 
 101,286 
 
 York County, SC 
 76,108 

The county estimates
noted above compare to 2023 statewide median household income estimates of 64,242 and 70,349 for South Carolina and Georgia, respectively.
The principal components of the economy within our market areas are service industries, government and education, and wholesale and retail
trade. The largest employers in the Midlands market area, each of which employs in excess of 3,000 people, include the State of South
Carolina, Prisma Health, BlueCross BlueShield of SC, the University of South Carolina, the United States Department of the Army (Fort
Jackson Army Base), Richland School District 1, Richland School District 2, Lexington Medical Center, Southeastern Freight Lines, Lexington
County School District One, and Medical Services of America. The largest employers in our CSRA market area, each of which employs in
excess of 3,000 people, include the U.S. Army Cyber Center of Excellence Fort Gordon, Augusta University, NSA Augusta, Augusta
University Hospitals, Richmond County School System, University Hospital, and the Department of Energy, Savannah River Site. The Upstate
region major employers include, among others, Prisma Health, Greenville County Schools, BMW Manufacturing Corp., Michelin North America,
Bon Secours St. Francis Health System, AnMed Health Medical Center, Clemson University, Duke Energy Corp., GE Power Water, and
the Greenville County Government. The Piedmont region major employers include, among others, Ross Stores, Inc. Distribution,
LPL Financial, Lash Group, Piedmont Medical Center, Comporium, Inc., and Schaeffler Group USA, Inc. We believe that this diversified
economic base has reduced, and will likely continue to reduce, economic volatility in our market areas. Our markets have experienced
economic and population growth over the past 10 years, and we expect that the area, as well as the service industry needed to support
it, will continue to grow. 

8 

Banking
Services 

 We offer a full
range of deposit services that are typically available in most banks and thrift institutions, including checking accounts, NOW accounts,
savings accounts and other time deposits of various types, ranging from daily money market accounts to longer-term certificates of deposit.
The transaction accounts and time certificates are tailored to our principal market area at rates competitive to those offered in the
area. In addition, we offer certain retirement account services, such as individual retirement accounts IRAs ). All deposit
accounts are insured by the FDIC up to the maximum amount allowed by law (currently, 250,000, subject to aggregation rules). 

 We also offer a full
range of commercial and personal loans. Commercial loans include both secured and unsecured loans for working capital (including inventory
and receivables), business expansion (including acquisition of real estate and improvements), and the purchase of equipment and machinery.
Consumer loans include secured and unsecured loans for financing automobiles, home improvements, education, and personal investments.
We also make real estate construction and acquisition loans. We originate fixed and variable rate mortgage loans, substantially all of
which are sold into the secondary market. Our lending activities are subject to a variety of lending limits imposed by federal law. While
differing limits apply in certain circumstances based on the type of loan or the nature of the borrower (including the borrower s
relationship to the bank), in general, we are subject to a loans-to-one-borrower limit of an amount equal to 15 of the Bank s
unimpaired capital and surplus, or 25 of the unimpaired capital and surplus if the excess over 15 is approved by the board of directors
of the Bank and is fully secured by readily marketable collateral. As a result, our lending limit will increase or decrease in response
to increases or decreases in the Bank s level of capital. Based upon the capitalization of the Bank at December 31, 2022, the maximum
amount we could lend to one borrower is 23.5 million. In addition, we may not make any loans to any director, officer, employee, or
10 shareholder of the Company or the Bank unless the loan is approved by our board of directors and is made on terms not more favorable
to such person than would be available to a person not affiliated with the Bank. 

Other bank services
include internet banking, cash management services, safe deposit boxes, travelers checks, direct deposit of payroll and social security
checks, and automatic drafts for various accounts. We offer non-deposit investment products and other investment brokerage services through
a registered representative with an affiliation through LPL Financial. We are associated with Nyce and Plus networks of automated teller
machines and MasterCard debit cards that may be used by our customers throughout South Carolina, Georgia and other regions. We also offer
VISA and MasterCard credit card services through a correspondent bank as our agent. 

 We currently
do not exercise trust powers, but we can begin to do so with the prior approval of our primary banking regulators, the FDIC and the S.C.
Board. 

 Competition 

 The banking business
is highly competitive. We compete as a financial intermediary with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions
and money market mutual funds operating in our market areas. As of June 30, 2022, there were 25 financial institutions operating approximately
160 offices in the Midlands market, 20 financial institutions operating 93 branches in the CSRA market, 37 financial institutions operating
219 branches in the Upstate market, and 15 financial institutions operating 46 branches in the Piedmont market. The competition among
the various financial institutions is based upon a variety of factors, including interest rates offered on deposit accounts, interest
rates charged on loans, credit and service charges, the quality of services rendered, the convenience of banking facilities and, in the
case of loans to large commercial borrowers, relative lending limits. Size gives larger banks certain advantages in competing for business
from large corporations. These advantages include higher lending limits and the ability to offer services in other areas of South Carolina
and Georgia. As a result, we do not generally attempt to compete for the banking relationships of large corporations, but concentrate
our efforts on small-to-medium sized businesses and individuals. We believe we have competed effectively in this market by offering quality
and personal service. In addition, many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive federal regulations that govern
bank holding companies and federally insured banks. 

 Human Capital 

 At December 31,
2022, the company had 254 full-time, 7 part-time, and 8 seasonal/on-call employees. 

 We believe that
our relationships with our employees are good and our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group or agreement.
Our company s Why , which is Impacting Lives for Success and Significance , guides our approach to our
relationships with employees. The foundations of these interactions are embedded in our cultural beliefs: 

 Everyone Matters - We value
each of our employees for the unique contribution they make to the success of our company. While there are a variety of different positions
in our company, each is an important and integral part of the work that we do. Every employee brings their own unique and diverse talents
and experiences that enhance the culture of our bank and our work. 

 Spirit of Service - The energy
and enthusiasm that our employees bring to their work creates a supportive work environment in which employees are available as a resource
to one another. In addition to serving our fellow co-workers, we encourage our employees to serve our local communities. We offer company
sponsored volunteer activities, as well as provide Volunteer PTO to allow employees to support causes that are close to their heart. 

9 

Honor and Integrity - Trust
is at the foundation of all that we do. We have a Code of Conduct and Business Ethics that all employees and board members read and follow
that sets clear expectations with regard to personal and professional behavior. 

 Strong Work Ethic - Our employees
take pride in the quality of the work that they do. This commitment to excellence can be seen in the work that is completed and their
interactions with their co-workers and customers. While we work hard, we also make time for some fun with employee events designed to
offer the opportunity for relaxation and social interactions among co-workers. 

 Excellence with Humility - Our
company is blessed with dedicated and talented employees, loyal customers, supportive communities and shareholders who invest in and
believe in our vision. We are humbled by the success we have experienced and are grateful for all that we have accomplished. We approach
our work with a sincere appreciation for the opportunity to serve all of our stakeholder groups and we recognize it is through our collective
efforts that we have been successful. 

 Our ability to
attract, develop and retain our strong employee base is integral to our ongoing success. We believe that a good quality of life 
at work is an important part of the overall employee experience and we are very intentional about nurturing a culture that allows employees
to reach their potential and enjoy professional success while also enjoying the work that they do in a positive and supportive work environment
grounded in our cultural beliefs. 

 While we believe
that our corporate culture and work environment is a competitive advantage for our company, we also recognize that employees value and
deserve competitive compensation packages. Our company offers competitive wages and benefits for our employees and we regularly benchmark
our compensation to market. Our benefits package includes medical, dental, life, disability, vision and supplemental insurance options.
We also offer retirement benefits with a 401(k) plan with matching and profit sharing. In addition, we offer a generous paid time off
plan that includes paid holidays. 

 Our company encourages
employees to continue on a lifelong trajectory of learning and we offer ongoing training to all employees through internal and external
resources and encourage employees to continue with career development specific to their role to insure they stay current with the most
up-to-date information and best practices. To develop our current and future leaders, our company created the First Community Bank Leadership
Institute (FCBLI), an 18-month program that provides academic and experiential learning to teach and nurture leadership skills across
our organization to support the bank now and in the future. The bank also supports the development of employees through external educational
opportunities such as various bankers schools that offer multi-year development programs as well as short term training classes
and industry conferences. 

 Information
about the Executive Officers of First Community Corporation 

 Executive officers of
First Community Corporation are elected by the board of directors annually and serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. The current
executive officers, and persons chosen to become executive officers, and their ages, positions with us over the past five years, and
terms of office as of March 22, 2023, are as follows: 

Name
 (age) 
 
 Position
 and Five Year History with Company 
 
 With the 
 Company 
 Since 

Michael
 C. Crapps (64) 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President, Director 
 
 1994 

John
 T. Nissen (61) 
 
 Chief
 Banking Officer; formerly Chief Commercial and Retail Banking Officer 
 
 1995 

Robin
 D. Brown (55) 
 
 Chief
 Human Resources and Marketing Officer 
 
 1994 

Tanya
 A. Butts (64) 
 
 Chief
 Operations Officer/Chief Risk Officer 
 
 2016 

John
 F. (Jack) Walker (57) 
 
 Chief
 Credit Officer, formerly Senior Vice President and Loan Approval and Special Assets Officer 
 
 2009 

D.
 Shawn Jordan (55) 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, formerly Executive Vice President 
 
 2019 

None of the above officers
are related and there are no arrangements or understandings between them and any other person pursuant to which any of them was elected
as an officer, other than arrangements or understandings with the directors or officers of the Company acting solely in their capacities
as such. 

SUPERVISION
AND REGULATION 

 Both the Company
and the Bank are subject to extensive state and federal banking laws and regulations that impose specific requirements or restrictions
on and provide for general regulatory oversight of virtually all aspects of our operations. These laws generally are intended primarily
for the protection of customers, depositors and other consumers, the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF ), and
the banking system as a whole; not for the protection of our other creditors and shareholders. 

10 

The following discussion
is not intended to be a complete list of all the activities regulated by the banking laws or of the impact of those laws and regulations
on our operations. The following summary is qualified by reference to the statutory and regulatory provisions discussed. Changes in applicable
laws or regulations may have a material effect on our business and prospects. Our operations may be affected by legislative changes and
the policies of various regulatory authorities. We cannot predict the effect that fiscal or monetary policies, economic control, or new
federal or state legislation may have on our business and earnings in the future. 

Legislative
and Regulatory Developments 

We experienced
heightened regulatory requirements and scrutiny following the 2008 global financial crisis, and as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act and the Economic Growth, Regulatory Reform and Consumer Protection
Act Regulatory Relief Act ). In addition, newer regulatory developments implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic,
including the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and the Consolidated Appropriations Act,
2021, which enhanced and expanded certain provisions of the CARES Act, had an impact on our operations. 

 The CARES Act was a
 2.2 trillion economic stimulus bill that was intended to provide relief in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. There were a number of
regulatory actions intended to help mitigate the adverse economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on borrowers, including several mandates
from the bank regulatory agencies, requiring financial institutions to work constructively with borrowers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Although these programs generally have expired, governmental authorities may take additional actions in the future to limit the adverse
impact of any resurgence of COVID-19 on borrowers and tenants. 

The CARES Act, as extended
by certain provisions of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, also permitted banks to suspend requirements under GAAP for loan
modifications to borrowers affected by COVID-19 that would otherwise had been characterized as troubled debt restructurings and suspended
any determination related thereto if (i) the borrower was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019, (ii) the modifications
were related to COVID-19, and (iii) the modification occurred between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of 60 days after the date of termination
of the national emergency or January 1, 2022. Federal bank regulatory authorities also issued guidance to encourage banks to make loan
modifications for borrowers affected by COVID-19. 

Capital
and Related Requirements. 

 Regulatory capital rules
known as the Basel III rules or Basel III, impose minimum capital requirements for bank holding companies and banks. Basel III was released
in the form of enforceable regulations by each of the applicable federal bank regulatory agencies. Basel III is applicable to all banking
organizations that are subject to minimum capital requirements, including federal and state banks and savings and loan associations,
as well as to bank and savings and loan holding companies, other than small bank holding companies. A small bank holding
company is generally a qualifying bank holding company or savings and loan holding company with less than 3.0 billion in consolidated
assets. More stringent requirements are imposed on advanced approaches banking organizations generally those organizations
with 250 billion or more in total consolidated assets or 10 billion or more in total foreign exposures. 

Based on the
foregoing, as a small bank holding company, we are generally not subject to the capital requirements at the holding company level unless
otherwise advised by the Federal Reserve; however, our Bank remains subject to the capital requirements. Accordingly, the Bank is required
to maintain the following capital levels: 

a
 Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5 ; 

a
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 ; 

a
 total risk-based capital ratio of 8 ; and 

a
 leverage ratio of 4 . 
 
 Basel III also established
a capital conservation buffer above the regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of Common
Equity Tier 1 capital, which was phased in over several years. The fully phased-in capital conservation buffer of 2.500 , which became
effective on January 1, 2019, resulted in the following effective minimum capital ratios for the Bank beginning in 2019: (i) a Common
Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 , (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 , and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . Under Basel III,
institutions are subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if their
capital levels fall below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that could
be utilized for such actions. 

11 

Under Basel III, Tier
1 capital includes two components: Common Equity Tier 1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital. The highest form of capital, Common Equity
Tier 1 capital, consists solely of common stock (plus related surplus), retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income, otherwise
referred to as AOCI, and limited amounts of minority interests that are in the form of common stock. Additional Tier 1 capital is primarily
comprised of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, Tier 1 minority interests and grandfathered trust preferred securities. Tier 2
capital generally includes the allowance for loan losses up to 1.25 of risk-weighted assets, qualifying preferred stock, subordinated
debt and qualifying Tier 2 minority interests, less any deductions in Tier 2 instruments of an unconsolidated financial institution.
AOCI is presumptively included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and often would operate to reduce this category of capital. When implemented,
Basel III provided a one-time opportunity at the end of the first quarter of 2015 for covered banking organizations to opt out of a large
part of this treatment of AOCI. We made this opt-out election and, as a result, retained our pre-existing treatment for AOCI. 

As part of its response
to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, in the first quarter of 2020, U.S. federal regulatory authorities issued an interim final rule
that provided banking organizations that adopted the credit impairment model, the Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, during the 2020
calendar year with the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital
determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of
the capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay (i.e., a five-year transition in total). In connection with our adoption
of CECL on January 1, 2023, we did not elect to utilize the five-year CECL transition. 

 In November 2019, the
federal banking regulators published final rules implementing a simplified measure of capital adequacy for certain banking organizations
that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets. Under the final rules, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, depository
institutions and depository institution holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other
qualifying criteria, including a leverage ratio of greater than 9 , off-balance-sheet exposures of 25 or less of total consolidated
assets, and trading assets plus trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets, are deemed qualifying community
banking organizations and are eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework. A qualifying community
banking organization that elects to use the community bank leverage ratio framework and that maintains a leverage ratio of greater than
9 is considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements under the Basel III rules and,
if applicable, is considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of its primary federal regulator s
prompt corrective action rules, discussed below. We do not have any immediate plans to elect to use the community bank leverage ratio
framework but may make such an election in the future. 

Acquisition
Activities . 

The primary purpose
of a bank holding company is to control and manage banks. The BHCA generally requires the prior approval of the Federal Reserve
for any merger involving a bank holding company or any acquisition by a bank holding company of another bank or bank holding company.
In addition, the prior approval of the FDIC is required for a bank to merge with another bank or purchase the assets or assume the deposits
of another bank. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank regulators will consider, among other factors,
the effect of the acquisition on competition, the public benefits expected to be received from the acquisition, the projected capital
ratios and levels on a post-acquisition basis, and the acquiring institution s record of addressing the credit needs of the communities
it serves, including the needs of low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of the bank, under
the CRA. 

 On
July 9, 2021, President Biden issued an Executive Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy. Among other initiatives, the
Executive Order encouraged the federal banking agencies to review their current merger oversight practices under the BHCA and the Bank
Merger Act and adopt a plan for revitalization of such practices. In December 2021, the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ (in consultation with the Federal Reserve, the OCC, and FDIC announced that it was seeking additional public comments on whether and
how the DOJ should revise the 1995 Bank Merger Competitive Review Guidelines. The comment period closed on February 15, 2022. In March
2022, the FDIC published a Request for Information seeking information and comments regarding the laws, practices, rules, regulations,
guidance, and statements of policy that apply to merger transactions involving one or more insured depository institutions, including
the merger between an insured depository institution and a noninsured institution. In a May 2022 speech, the acting head of the OCC announced
that he had asked his staff to work with DOJ and other federal banking agencies to review the agency s frameworks to analyze bank
mergers. In May 2022, the CFPB announced the establishment of an Office of Competition and Innovation. 

 There
are many steps that must be taken by the agencies before any final changes to the framework for evaluating bank mergers can be implemented
and the prospects for such action continue to be uncertain at this time however, the adoption of more expansive or prescriptive
standards may have an impact on our acquisition activities. 

12 

Change
in Control. 

 Two statutes,
the Change in Bank Control Act and the Bank Holding Company Act, together with regulations promulgated under them, require some form
of regulatory review before any company may acquire control of a bank or a bank holding company. Under the Change in Bank
Control Act, a person or company is required to file a notice with the Federal Reserve if it will, as a result of the transaction, own
or control 10 or more of any class of voting securities or direct the management or policies of a bank or bank holding company and either
if the bank or bank holding company has registered securities or if the acquirer would be the largest holder of that class of voting
securities after the acquisition. For a change in control at the holding company level, both the Federal Reserve and the subsidiary bank s
primary federal regulator must approve the change in control; at the bank level, only the bank s primary federal regulator is involved. 

 In addition,
the Bank Holding Company Act prohibits any entity from acquiring 25 (5 if the acquirer is a bank holding company) or more of a bank
holding company s voting securities, or otherwise obtaining control or a controlling influence over the management or policies
of a bank or bank holding company without regulatory approval. On January 30, 2020, the Federal Reserve issued a final rule (which became
effective September 30, 2020) that clarified and codified the Federal Reserve s standards for determining whether one company has
control over another. The final rule established four categories of tiered presumptions of noncontrol that are based on the percentage
of voting shares held by the investor (less than 5 , 5-9.9 , 10-14.9 and 15-24.9 and the presence of other indicia of control. As
the percentage of ownership increases, fewer indicia of control are permitted without falling outside of the presumption of noncontrol.
These indicia of control include nonvoting equity ownership, director representation, management interlocks, business relationship and
restrictive contractual covenants. Under the final rule, investors can hold up to 24.9 of the voting securities and up to 33 of the
total equity of a company without necessarily having a controlling influence. 

 Transactions subject
to the Bank Holding Company Act are exempt from Change in Control Act requirements. For state banks, state laws, including those of South
Carolina, typically require approval by the state bank regulator as well. 

Transactions
with Affiliates and Insiders. 

 The Company is
a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank and its other subsidiaries. Various legal limitations restrict the Bank from lending
or otherwise supplying funds to the Company or its non-bank subsidiaries. The Company and the Bank are subject to Sections 23A and 23B
of the Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Regulation W. 

 Section 23A of
the Federal Reserve Act places limits on the amount of loans or extensions of credit by a bank to any affiliate, including its holding
company, and on a bank s investments in, or certain other transactions with, affiliates and on the amount of advances to third
parties collateralized by the securities or obligations of any affiliates of the bank. Section 23A also applies to derivative transactions,
repurchase agreements and securities lending and borrowing transactions that cause a bank to have credit exposure to an affiliate. The
aggregate of all covered transactions is limited in amount, as to any one affiliate, to 10 of the Bank s capital and surplus and,
as to all affiliates combined, to 20 of the Bank s capital and surplus. Furthermore, within the foregoing limitations as to amount,
each covered transaction must meet specified collateral requirements. The Bank is forbidden to purchase low quality assets from an affiliate. 

 Section 23B of
the Federal Reserve Act, among other things, prohibits an institution from engaging in certain transactions with certain affiliates unless
the transactions are on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to such institution or its subsidiaries, as those prevailing
at the time for comparable transactions with nonaffiliated companies. If there are no comparable transactions, a bank s (or one
of its subsidiaries affiliate transaction must be on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards, that in good
faith would be offered to, or would apply to, nonaffiliated companies. These requirements apply to all transactions subject to Section
23A as well as to certain other transactions. 

 The affiliates of a
bank include any holding company of the bank, any other company under common control with the bank (including any company controlled
by the same shareholders who control the bank), any subsidiary of the bank that is itself a bank, any company in which the majority of
the directors or trustees also constitute a majority of the directors or trustees of the bank or holding company of the bank, any company
sponsored and advised on a contractual basis by the bank or an affiliate, and any mutual fund advised by a bank or any of the bank s
affiliates. Regulation W generally excludes all non-bank and non-savings association subsidiaries of banks from treatment as affiliates,
except to the extent that the Federal Reserve decides to treat these subsidiaries as affiliates. 

The Bank is also
subject to certain restrictions on extensions of credit to executive officers, directors, certain principal shareholders, and their related
interests. Extensions of credit include derivative transactions, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing
and lending transactions to the extent that such transactions cause a bank to have credit exposure to an insider. Any extension of credit
to an insider (i) must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral requirements, as those prevailing
at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated third parties and (ii) must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment
or present other unfavorable features. 

13 

On December 22,
2020, the federal banking agencies issued an interagency statement extending the temporary relief from enforcement action against banks
or asset managers, which become principal stockholders of banks, with respect to certain extensions of credit by banks that otherwise
would violate Regulation O, provided the asset managers and banks satisfy certain conditions designed to ensure that there is a lack
of control by the asset manager over the bank.. On December 22, 2022, the federal banking agencies issued a revised interagency statement
extending the temporary relief from such enforcement, which will expire on the sooner of January 1, 2024, or the effective date of a
final Federal Reserve rule having a revision to Regulation O that addresses the treatment of extensions of credit by a bank to fund complex-controlled
portfolio companies that are insiders of a bank. 

 First
Community Corporation 

 We own 100 of
the outstanding capital stock of the Bank, and, therefore, we are considered to be a bank holding company under the federal Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956 (the Bank Holding Company Act ). As a result, we are primarily subject to the supervision, examination
and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act and its regulations promulgated thereunder. Moreover,
as a bank holding company of a bank located in South Carolina, we also are subject to the South Carolina Banking and Branching Efficiency
Act. 

 Permitted
Activities. Under the Bank Holding Company Act, a bank holding company is generally permitted
to engage in, or acquire direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company engaged in, the following activities: 

banking
 or managing or controlling banks; 

furnishing
 services to or performing services for our subsidiaries; and 

any
 activity that the Federal Reserve determines to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident to the business of banking; 

Activities that the
Federal Reserve has found to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident to the business of banking include: 

factoring
 accounts receivable; 

making,
 acquiring, brokering or servicing loans and usual related activities; 

leasing
 personal or real property; 

operating
 a non-bank depository institution, such as a savings association; 

trust
 company functions; 

financial
 and investment advisory activities; 

conducting
 discount securities brokerage activities; 

underwriting
 and dealing in government obligations and money market instruments; 

providing
 specified management consulting and counseling activities; 

performing
 selected data processing services and support services; 

acting
 as agent or broker in selling credit life insurance and other types of insurance in connection with credit transactions; and 

performing
 selected insurance underwriting activities. 

As a bank holding
company, we also can elect to be treated as a financial holding company, which would allow us to engage in a broader array
of activities. In summary, a financial holding company can engage in activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complimentary
to financial activities, including insurance underwriting, sales and brokerage activities, providing financial and investment advisory
services, underwriting services and limited merchant banking activities. We have not sought financial holding company status, but may
elect such status in the future as our business matures. If we were to elect in writing for financial holding company status, each insured
depository institution we control would have to be well capitalized, well managed and have at least a satisfactory rating under the Community
Reinvestment Act CRA (discussed below). 

14 

The Federal Reserve
has the authority to order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any of these activities or to terminate its ownership
or control of any subsidiary when it has reasonable cause to believe that the bank holding company s continued ownership, activity
or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of it or any of its bank subsidiaries. 

 Source
of Strength. There are a number of obligations and restrictions imposed by law and regulatory
policy on bank holding companies with regard to their depository institution subsidiaries that are designed to minimize potential loss
to depositors and to the FDIC insurance funds in the event that the depository institution becomes in danger of defaulting under its
obligations to repay deposits. Under a policy of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial
strength to its subsidiary depository institutions and to commit resources to support such institutions in circumstances where it might
not do so absent such policy. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), to avoid
receivership of its insured depository institution subsidiary, a bank holding company is required to guarantee the compliance of any
insured depository institution subsidiary that may become undercapitalized within the terms of any capital restoration
plan filed by such subsidiary with its appropriate federal banking agency up to the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5 of the institution s
total assets at the time the institution became undercapitalized, or (ii) the amount which is necessary (or would have been necessary)
to bring the institution into compliance with all applicable capital standards as of the time the institution fails to comply with such
capital restoration plan. 

 The Federal Reserve
also has the authority under the Bank Holding Company Act to require a bank holding company to terminate any activity or relinquish control
of a nonbank subsidiary (other than a nonbank subsidiary of a bank) upon the Federal Reserve s determination that such activity
or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness or stability of any subsidiary depository institution of the bank holding
company. Further, federal law grants federal bank regulatory authorities additional discretion to require a bank holding company
to divest itself of any bank or nonbank subsidiary if the agency determines that divestiture may aid the depository institution s
financial condition. 

 In addition,
the cross guarantee provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA require insured depository institutions
under common control to reimburse the FDIC for any loss suffered or reasonably anticipated by the FDIC as a result of the default of
a commonly controlled insured depository institution or for any assistance provided by the FDIC to a commonly controlled insured depository
institution in danger of default. The FDIC s claim for damages is superior to claims of shareholders of the insured depository
institution or its holding company, but is subordinate to claims of depositors, secured creditors and holders of subordinated debt (other
than affiliates) of the commonly controlled insured depository institutions. 

 The FDIA also provides
that amounts received from the liquidation or other resolution of any insured depository institution by any receiver must be distributed
(after payment of secured claims) to pay the deposit liabilities of the institution prior to payment of any other general or unsecured
senior liability, subordinated liability, general creditor or shareholder. This provision would give depositors a preference over general
and subordinated creditors and shareholders in the event a receiver is appointed to distribute the assets of our Bank. 

 Any capital loans by
a bank holding company to any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness
of such subsidiary bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal
bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority
of payment. 

Capital
Requirements. The Federal Reserve generally imposes certain capital requirements on a bank holding
company under the Bank Holding Company Act, including a minimum leverage ratio and a minimum ratio of qualifying capital
to risk-weighted assets. If applicable, these requirements are essentially the same as those that apply to the Bank and are described
above under Capital and Related Requirements. However, because the Company currently qualifies as a small bank holding
company, these capital requirements do not currently apply to the Company. Subject to certain restrictions, we are able to borrow money
to make a capital contribution to the Bank, and these loans may be repaid from dividends paid from the Bank to the Company. Our ability
to pay dividends depends on, among other things, the Bank s ability to pay dividends to us, which is subject to regulatory restrictions
as described below in First Community Bank Dividends. We are also able to raise capital for contribution to the Bank
by issuing securities without having to receive regulatory approval, subject to compliance with federal and state securities laws. 

 Dividends .
As a bank holding company, the Company s ability to declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal and state regulatory
considerations, including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement regarding the payment
of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out
of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s
capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve s policies also require that a bank holding company
serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital
funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising
capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. In addition, under the prompt corrective
action regulations, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized.
These regulatory policies could affect the Company s ability to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 

15 

In addition,
since the Company is legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank and does not conduct stand-alone operations, its ability to pay
dividends depends on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to it, which is also subject to regulatory restrictions as described below
in First Community Bank Dividends. 

 South
Carolina State Regulation. As a South Carolina bank holding company under the South Carolina
Banking and Branching Efficiency Act, we are subject to limitations on any sale to, or merger with, other financial institutions. We
are not required to obtain the approval of the S.C. Board prior to acquiring the capital stock of a national bank, but we must notify
them at least 15 days prior to doing so. We must receive the S.C. Board s approval prior to engaging in the acquisition of a South
Carolina state-chartered bank or another South Carolina bank holding company. 

 First
Community Bank 

 As a South Carolina
state bank, the Bank s primary federal regulator is the FDIC and the Bank is also regulated and examined by the S.C. Board. Deposits
in the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to a maximum amount of 250,000. The FDIC insurance coverage limit applies per depositor, per
insured depository institution for each account ownership category. 

 The S.C. Board
and the FDIC regulate or monitor virtually all areas of the Bank s operations, including: 

security
 devices and procedures; 

adequacy
 of capitalization and loss reserves; 

loans; 

investments; 

borrowings; 

deposits; 

mergers; 

issuances
 of securities; 

payment
 of dividends; 

interest
 rates payable on deposits; 

interest
 rates or fees chargeable on loans; 

establishment
 of branches; 

corporate
 reorganizations; 

maintenance
 of books and records; and 

adequacy
 of staff training to carry on safe lending and deposit gathering practices. 

These agencies,
and the federal and state laws applicable to the Bank s operations, extensively regulate various aspects of our banking business,
including, among other things, permissible types and amounts of loans, investments and other activities, capital adequacy, branching,
interest rates on loans and on deposits, the maintenance of reserves on demand deposit liabilities, and the safety and soundness of our
banking practices. 

16 

Prompt
Corrective Action. The FDICIA established a prompt corrective action program in
which every bank is placed in one of five regulatory categories, depending primarily on its regulatory capital levels. The FDIC and the
other federal banking regulators are permitted to take increasingly severe action as a bank s capital position or financial condition
declines below the Adequately Capitalized level described below. Regulators are also empowered to place in receivership
or require the sale of a bank to another depository institution when a bank s leverage ratio reaches two percent. Better capitalized
institutions are generally subject to less onerous regulation and supervision than banks with lesser amounts of capital. The FDIC s
regulations set forth five capital categories, each with specific regulatory consequences. The categories are: 

Well
 Capitalized The institution exceeds the required minimum level for each relevant capital measure. A well capitalized institution
 (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or greater, (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or greater, (iii) has
 a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5 or greater, (iv) has a leverage capital ratio of 5 or greater, and (v) is
 not subject to any order or written directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 

Adequately
 Capitalized The institution meets the required minimum level for each relevant capital measure. No capital distribution may
 be made that would result in the institution becoming undercapitalized. An adequately capitalized institution (i) has a total risk-based
 capital ratio of 8 or greater, (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 or greater, (iii) has a common equity Tier 1 risk-based
 capital ratio of 4.5 or greater, and (iv) has a leverage capital ratio of 4 or greater. 

Undercapitalized The
 institution fails to meet the required minimum level for any relevant capital measure. An undercapitalized institution (i) has a
 total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8 , (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6 , (iii) has a common equity
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.5 , or (iv) has a leverage capital ratio of less than 4 . 

Significantly
 Undercapitalized The institution is significantly below the required minimum level for any relevant capital measure. A significantly
 undercapitalized institution (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6 , (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
 of less than 4 , (iii) has a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 3 , or (iv) has a leverage capital ratio
 of less than 3 . 

Critically
 Undercapitalized The institution fails to meet a critical capital level set by the appropriate federal banking agency. A critically
 undercapitalized institution has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2 . 
 
 If the FDIC determines,
after notice and an opportunity for hearing, that the bank is in an unsafe or unsound condition, the regulator is authorized to reclassify
the bank to the next lower capital category (other than critically undercapitalized) and require the submission of a plan to correct
the unsafe or unsound condition. 

 If a bank is
not well capitalized, it cannot accept brokered deposits without prior regulatory approval. In addition, a bank that is not well capitalized
cannot offer an effective yield in excess of 75 basis points over interest paid on deposits of comparable size and maturity in such institution s
normal market area for deposits accepted from within its normal market area, or national rate paid on deposits of comparable size and
maturity for deposits accepted outside the bank s normal market area. Moreover, the FDIC generally prohibits a depository institution
from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company if
the depository institution would thereafter be categorized as undercapitalized. Undercapitalized institutions are subject to growth limitations
(an undercapitalized institution may not acquire another institution, establish additional branch offices or engage in any new line of
business unless determined by the appropriate federal banking agency to be consistent with an accepted capital restoration plan, or unless
the FDIC determines that the proposed action will further the purpose of prompt corrective action) and are required to submit a capital
restoration plan. The agencies may not accept a capital restoration plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based
on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution s capital. In addition, for a capital
restoration plan to be acceptable, the depository institution s parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will
comply with the capital restoration plan. The aggregate liability of the parent holding company is limited to the lesser of an amount
equal to 5.0 of the depository institution s total assets at the time it became categorized as undercapitalized or the amount
that is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable with
respect to such institution as of the time it fails to comply with the plan. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable
plan, it is categorized as significantly undercapitalized. 

 Significantly undercapitalized
categorized depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient
voting stock to become categorized as adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits
from correspondent banks. The appropriate federal banking agency may take any action authorized for a significantly undercapitalized
institution if an undercapitalized institution fails to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan or fails in any material respect
to implement a plan accepted by the agency. A critically undercapitalized institution is subject to having a receiver or conservator
appointed to manage its affairs and for loss of its charter to conduct banking activities. 

17 

An insured depository
institution may not pay a management fee to a bank holding company controlling that institution or any other person having control of
the institution if, after making the payment, the institution, would be undercapitalized. In addition, an institution cannot make a capital
distribution, such as a dividend or other distribution that is in substance a distribution of capital to the owners of the institution
if following such a distribution the institution would be undercapitalized. Thus, if payment of such a management fee or the making of
such would cause a bank to become undercapitalized, it could not pay a management fee or dividend to the bank holding company. 

 As of December
31, 2022, the Bank was deemed to be well capitalized. 

 Standards
for Safety and Soundness . The FDIA also requires the federal banking regulatory agencies
to prescribe, by regulation or guideline, operational and managerial standards for all insured depository institutions relating to: (i)
internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems; (ii) loan documentation; (iii) credit underwriting; (iv) interest
rate risk exposure; and (v) asset growth. The agencies also must prescribe standards for asset quality, earnings, and stock valuation,
as well as standards for compensation, fees and benefits. The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations and Interagency Guidelines
Prescribing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement these required standards. These guidelines set forth the safety and soundness
standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes
impaired. Under the regulations, if the FDIC determines that the Bank fails to meet any standards prescribed by the guidelines, the agency
may require the Bank to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard, as required by the FDIC. The
final regulations establish deadlines for the submission and review of such safety and soundness compliance plans. 

 Regulatory
Examination . The FDIC also requires the Bank to prepare annual reports on the Bank s financial
condition and to conduct an annual audit of its financial affairs in compliance with its minimum standards and procedures. 

All insured institutions
must undergo regular on-site examinations by their appropriate banking agency. The cost of examinations of insured depository institutions
and any affiliates may be assessed by the appropriate federal banking agency against each institution or affiliate as it deems necessary
or appropriate. Insured institutions are required to submit annual reports to the FDIC, their federal regulatory agency, and state supervisor
when applicable. The FDIC has developed a method for insured depository institutions to provide supplemental disclosure of the estimated
fair market value of assets and liabilities, to the extent feasible and practicable, in any balance sheet, financial statement, report
of condition or any other report of any insured depository institution. The federal banking regulatory agencies prescribe, by regulation,
standards for all insured depository institutions and depository institution holding companies relating, among other things, to the following: 

internal
 controls; 

information
 systems and audit systems; 

loan
 documentation; 

credit
 underwriting; 

interest
 rate risk exposure; and 

asset
 quality. 

Dividends.
 The Company s principal source of cash flow, including cash flow to pay dividends to its
shareholders, is dividends it receives from the Bank. Statutory and regulatory limitations apply to the Bank s payment of dividends
to the Company. As a South Carolina chartered bank, the Bank is subject to limitations on the amount of dividends that it is permitted
to pay. Unless otherwise instructed by the S.C. Board, the Bank is generally permitted under South Carolina state banking regulations
to pay cash dividends of up to 100 of net income in any calendar year without obtaining the prior approval of the S.C. Board. The FDIC
also has the authority under federal law to enjoin a bank from engaging in what in its opinion constitutes an unsafe or unsound practice
in conducting its business, including the payment of a dividend under certain circumstances. The Bank must also maintain the Common Equity
Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , in excess of its minimum regulatory risk-based capital ratios, to avoid becoming subject
to restrictions on capital distributions, including dividends, as described above. 

18 

Branching.
 Federal legislation permits out-of-state acquisitions by bank holding companies, interstate
branching by banks, and interstate merging by banks. The Dodd-Frank Act removed previous state law restrictions on de
novo interstate branching in states such as South Carolina and Georgia. This change effectively permits out of state banks
to open de novo branches in states where the laws of such state
would permit a bank chartered by that state to open a de novo branch. 

 Anti-Tying
Restrictions . Under amendments to the Bank Holding Company Act and Federal Reserve regulations,
a bank is prohibited from engaging in certain tying or reciprocity arrangements with its customers. In general, a bank may not extend
credit, lease, sell property, or furnish any services or fix or vary the consideration for these on the condition that (i) the customer
obtain or provide some additional credit, property, or services from or to the bank, the bank holding company or subsidiaries thereof
or (ii) the customer may not obtain some other credit, property, or services from a competitor, except to the extent reasonable conditions
are imposed to assure the soundness of the credit extended. Certain arrangements are permissible: a bank may offer combined-balance products
and may otherwise offer more favorable terms if a customer obtains two or more traditional bank products; and certain foreign transactions
are exempt from the general rule. A bank holding company or any bank affiliate also is subject to anti-tying requirements in connection
with electronic benefit transfer services. 

 Community
Reinvestment Act. The Bank is subject to certain requirements and reporting obligations under
the CRA, which requires federal banking regulators to evaluate the record of each financial institution in meeting the credit needs of
its local community, including low- and moderate- income neighborhoods. The CRA further requires these criteria to be considered in evaluating
mergers, acquisitions and applications to open a branch or facility. Failure to adequately meet these criteria could result in the imposition
of additional requirements and limitations on the Bank. Additionally, financial institutions must publicly disclose the terms of various
CRA-related agreements. In its most recent CRA examination, the Bank received a satisfactory rating. 

 In
December 2019, the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking
intended to (i) clarify which activities qualify for CRA credit; (ii) update where activities count for CRA credit; (iii) create a more
transparent and objective method for measuring CRA performance; and (iv) provide for more transparent, consistent, and timely CRA-related
data collection, recordkeeping, and reporting. However, the Federal Reserve has not joined the proposed rulemaking. In May 2020, the
OCC issued its final CRA rule, which was later rescinded in December 2021. On the same day that the OCC announced its plans to rescind
the CRA final rule, the OCC, FDIC, and Federal Reserve announced that they are working together to strengthen and modernize the
rules implementing the CRA. On May 5, 2022, the OCC, FDIC, and Federal Reserve released a notice of proposed rulemaking regarding
the CRA and invited public comment on the proposed rules. The comment period closed on August 5, 2022. The proposed rules, among other
things, seek to (i) expand access to credit, investment, and basic banking services in low- and moderate-income communities, (ii) adapt
to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking, (iii) provide greater clarity, consistency, and transparency,
(iv) tailor CRA evaluations and data collection to bank size and type, and (v) maintain a unified approach among the bank regulatory
agencies. The effects on the Company and the Bank of any potential change to the CRA rules will depend on the final form of any federal
rulemaking and cannot be predicted at this time. Management will continue to evaluate any changes to the CRA s regulations and
their impact to the Company and the Bank. 

 Fair
Lending Requirements. We are subject to certain fair lending requirements and reporting obligations
involving lending operations. A number of laws and regulations provide these fair lending requirements and reporting obligations, including,
at the federal level, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ECOA ), as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act, and Regulation B, as well
as the Fair Housing Act FHA and regulations implementing FHA found at 24 C.F.R. Part 100. ECOA and Regulation B prohibit
discrimination in any aspect of a credit transaction based on a number of prohibited factors, including race or color, religion, national
origin, sex, marital status, age, the applicant s receipt of income derived from public assistance programs, and the applicant s
exercise, in good faith, of any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. ECOA and Regulation B include lending acts and practices
that are specifically prohibited, permitted, or required, and these laws and regulations proscribe data collection requirements, legal
action statute of limitations, and disclosure of the consumer s ability to receive a copy of any appraisal(s) and valuation(s)
prepared in connection with certain loans secured by dwellings. FHA prohibits discrimination in all aspects of residential real-estate
related transactions based on prohibited factors, including race or color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, and handicap. 

 In
addition to prohibiting discrimination in credit transactions on the basis of prohibited factors, these laws and regulations can cause
a lender to be liable for policies that result in a disparate treatment of or have a disparate impact on a protected class of persons.
If a pattern or practice of lending discrimination is alleged by a regulator, then the matter may be referred by the agency to the DOJ
for investigation. In December 2012, the DOJ and CFPB entered into a Memorandum of Understanding under which the agencies have agreed
to share information, coordinate investigations, and have generally committed to strengthen their coordination efforts. 

 In
addition to substantive penalties and corrective measures that may be required for a violation of certain fair lending laws, the federal
banking agencies may take compliance with fair lending requirements into account when regulating and supervising other activities of
the bank, including in acting on expansionary proposals. 

19 

Financial
Subsidiaries. Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, otherwise referred to as the GLBA, subject to
certain conditions imposed by their respective banking regulators, national and state-chartered banks are permitted to form financial
subsidiaries that may conduct financial or incidental activities, thereby permitting bank subsidiaries to engage in certain activities
that previously were impermissible. The GLBA imposes several safeguards and restrictions on financial subsidiaries, including that the
parent bank s equity investment in the financial subsidiary be deducted from the bank s assets and tangible equity for purposes
of calculating the bank s capital adequacy. In addition, the GLBA imposes new restrictions on transactions between a bank and its
financial subsidiaries similar to restrictions applicable to transactions between banks and non-bank affiliates. 

Consumer
Protection Regulations. Activities of the Bank are subject to a variety of statutes and regulations both
at the federal and state levels designed to protect consumers. This includes Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act, which prohibits engaging
in any unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices UDAAP ). UDAAP claims involve detecting and assessing risks to consumers
and to markets for consumer financial products and services. Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank are subject
to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. The Bank s loan operations are also subject to federal laws applicable
to credit transactions, such as: 

the
 Dodd-Frank Act that created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), an independent regulatory authority housed
 within the Federal Reserve, which has broad rule-making authority over a wide range of consumer laws that apply to insured depository
 institutions; 

the
 Truth-In-Lending Act TILA and Regulation Z, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers and including
 substantial requirements for mortgage lending and servicing, as mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act; 

the
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act HMDA and Regulation C, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable
 the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing
 needs of the community it serves, and requiring collection and disclosure of data about applicant and borrower characteristics to
 assist in identifying possible discriminatory lending patterns and enforcing antidiscrimination statutes; 

the
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act ECOA and Regulation B, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion,
 or other prohibited factors in any aspect of a credit transaction; 

the
 Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, and Regulation V, governing the use of consumer
 reports, provision of information to credit reporting agencies, certain identity theft protections, and certain credit and other
 disclosures, and requiring Bank to have in place an identity theft red flags program to detect, prevent and mitigate
 identity theft. 

the
 Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and Regulation F, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection
 agencies and intending to eliminate abusive, deceptive, and unfair debt collection practices; 

the
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA and Regulation X, which governs various aspects of residential mortgage
 loans, including the settlement and servicing process, dictates certain disclosures to be provided to consumers, and imposes other
 requirements related to compensation of service providers, insurance escrow accounts, and loss mitigation procedures; 

The
 Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act SAFE Act which mandates a nationwide licensing and registration
 system for residential mortgage loan originators. The SAFE Act also prohibits individuals from engaging in the business of a residential
 mortgage loan originator without first obtaining and maintaining annually registration as either a federal or state licensed mortgage
 loan originator; 

The
 Homeowners Protection Act HPA ), or the PMI Cancellation Act, provides requirements relating to private mortgage insurance
 (PMI) on residential mortgages, including the cancelation and termination of PMI, disclosure and notification requirements, and the
 requirement to return unearned premiums; 

The
 Fair Housing Act FHA prohibits discrimination in all aspects of residential real-estate related transactions based
 on race or color, national origin, religion, sex, and other prohibited factors; 

The
 Servicemembers Civil Relief Act SCRA and Military Lending Act MLA ), providing certain protections
 for servicemembers, members of the military, and their respective spouses, dependents and others; 

20 

Section
 106(c)(5) of the Housing and Urban Development Act requires making home ownership available to eligible homeowners; and 

the
 rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 

The deposit operations of the
Bank also are subject to laws, such as the following federal laws: 

the
 FDIA, which, among other things, imposes a minimum amount of deposit insurance available per account to 250,000 and imposes other
 limits on deposit-taking; 

the
 Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures
 for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; 

the
 Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E, which governs the rights, liabilities, and responsibilities of consumers and financial
 institutions using electronic fund transfer services, and which generally mandates disclosure requirements, establishes limitations
 on liability applicable to consumers for unauthorized electronic fund transfers, dictates certain error resolution processes, and
 applies other requirements relating to automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts; 

the
 Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such
 as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; 

The
 Expedited Funds Availability Act EFA Act and Regulation CC, setting forth requirements to make funds deposited into
 transaction accounts available according to specified time schedules, disclose funds availability policies to customers, and relating
 to the collection and return of checks and electronic checks, including the rules regarding the creation or receipt of substitute
 checks; and 

the
 Truth in Savings Act TISA and Regulation DD, which requires depository institutions to provide disclosures so that
 consumers can make meaningful comparisons about depository institutions and accounts. 

The CFPB has broad authority
to regulate the offering and provision of consumer financial products and services. The CFPB has the authority to supervise and examine
depository institutions with more than 10 billion in assets for compliance with federal consumer laws. The authority to supervise and
examine depository institutions with 10 billion or less in assets, such as the Bank, for compliance with federal consumer laws remains
largely with those institutions primary regulators. However, the CFPB may participate in examinations of these smaller institutions
on a sampling basis and may refer potential enforcement actions against such institutions to their primary regulators.
As such, the CFPB may participate in examinations of the Bank. In addition, states are permitted to adopt consumer protection laws and
regulations that are stricter than the regulations promulgated by the CFPB. 

 The CFPB has issued
a number of significant rules that impact nearly every aspect of the lifecycle of consumer financial products and services, including
rules regarding residential mortgage loans. These rules implement Dodd-Frank Act amendments to ECOA, TILA and RESPA. Among other things,
the rules adopted by the CFPB require banks to: (i) develop and implement procedures to ensure compliance with a reasonable ability-to-repay 
test; (ii) implement new or revised disclosures, policies and procedures for originating and servicing mortgages, including, but not
limited to, pre-loan counseling, early intervention with delinquent borrowers and specific loss mitigation procedures for loans secured
by a borrower s principal residence, and mortgage origination disclosures, which integrate existing requirements under TILA and
RESPA; (iii) comply with additional restrictions on mortgage loan originator hiring and compensation; and (iv) comply with new disclosure
requirements and standards for appraisals and certain financial products. In March 2022, the CFPB announced changes to its supervisory
operations to scrutinize discriminatory conduct under the CFPB s UDAAP powers to examine financial institution s decision-making
in advertising, pricing, and other areas to ensure that companies are testing for and eliminating illegal discrimination. In this supervisory
notice, the CFPB expanded its UDAAP powers to create essentially a fair-lending style discrimination test outside of ECOA that applies
to non-lending products. In October 2022, the CFPB issued Bulletin 2022-06 explaining that blanket policies of charging returned deposit
item fees to consumers or all returned transactions irrespective of the circumstances or patterns of behavior on the account are likely
unfair under the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010. The CFPB has also issued an advisory opinion prohibiting the collection of
pay-to-pay fees (such as convenience fees), which are prohibited under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act . 

Bank regulators
take into account compliance with consumer protection laws when considering approval of a proposed expansionary proposals. 

21 

Enforcement
Powers. The Bank and its institution-affiliated parties, including its management,
employee s agent s independent contractors and consultants, such as attorneys and accountants, and others who participate
in the conduct of the financial institution s affairs, are subject to potential civil and criminal penalties for violations of
law, regulations or written orders of a government agency. These practices can include the failure of an institution to timely file required
reports or the filing of false or misleading information or the submission of inaccurate reports. Civil penalties may be as high as 1,000,000
a day for such violations. Criminal penalties for some financial institution crimes have been increased to twenty years. In addition,
regulators are provided with greater flexibility to commence enforcement actions against institutions and institution-affiliated parties.
Possible enforcement actions include the termination of deposit insurance. Furthermore, banking agencies powers to issue cease-and-desist
orders have been expanded. Such orders may, among other things, require affirmative action to correct any harm resulting from a violation
or practice, including restitution, reimbursement, indemnifications or guarantees against loss. A financial institution may also be ordered
to restrict its growth, dispose of certain assets, rescind agreements or contracts, or take other actions as determined by the ordering
agency to be appropriate. 

Anti-Money
Laundering; the USA Patriot Act; the Office of Foreign Asset Control . Financial institutions
must maintain anti-money laundering programs that include established internal policies, procedures, and controls; a designated compliance
officer; an ongoing employee training program; and testing of the program by an independent audit function. The program must comply with
the anti-money laundering provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act BSA ). The Company and the Bank are also prohibited from entering
into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must meet enhanced standards for due diligence and knowing
your customer in their dealings with foreign financial institutions, foreign customers, and other high risk customers. Financial
institutions must take reasonable steps to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to guard against money laundering and to
report any suspicious transactions, and certain laws provide law enforcement authorities with increased access to financial information
maintained by banks. Financial institutions must comply with requirements regarding risk-based procedures for conducing ongoing customer
due diligence, which requires the institutions to take appropriate steps to understand the nature and purpose of customer relationships
and identify and verify the identity of the beneficial owners of legal entity customers. 

 Anti-money laundering
obligations have been substantially strengthened as a result of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act (which we refer to as the USA PATRIOT Act ). Bank regulators routinely
examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and are required to consider compliance in connection with the regulatory
review of applications. The regulatory authorities have been active in imposing cease and desist orders and money penalty sanctions against
institutions that have not complied with these requirements. 

 The USA PATRIOT Act
amended the Bank Secrecy Act and provides, in part, for the facilitation of information sharing among governmental entities and financial
institutions for the purpose of combating terrorism and money laundering by enhancing anti-money laundering and financial transparency
laws, as well as enhanced information collection tools and enforcement mechanics for the U.S. government, including: (i) requiring standards
for verifying customer identification at account opening; (ii) rules to promote cooperation among financial institutions, regulators,
and law enforcement entities in identifying parties that may be involved in terrorism or money laundering; (iii) reports by nonfinancial
trades and businesses filed with the U.S. Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network for transactions exceeding
 10,000; (iv) filing suspicious activities reports if a bank believes a customer may be violating U.S. laws and regulations; and (v)
requires enhanced due diligence requirements for financial institutions that administer, maintain, or manage private bank accounts or
correspondent accounts for non-U.S. persons. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and
are required to consider compliance in connection with the regulatory review of applications. 

 Under the USA
PATRIOT Act, the regulators can provide lists of the names of persons suspected of involvement in terrorist activities. The Bank can
be requested, to search its records for any relationships or transactions with persons on those lists. If the Bank finds any relationships
or transactions, it must file a suspicious activity report and contact the applicable governmental authorities. 

 On
January 1, 2021, Congress overrode former President Trump s veto and thereby enacted the National Defense Authorization Act for
Fiscal Year 2021 NDAA ). The NDAA provides for one of the most significant overhauls of the BSA and related anti-money
laundering laws since the USA Patriot Act. Notably, changes include: 

expansion
 of coordination and information sharing efforts among the agencies tasked with administering anti-money laundering and countering
 the financing of terrorism requirements, including the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN ), the primary federal
 banking regulators, federal law enforcement agencies, national security agencies, the intelligence community, and financial institutions; 

providing
 additional penalties with respect to violations of BSA and enhancing the powers of FinCEN; 

significant
 updates to the beneficial ownership collection rules and the creation of a registry of beneficial ownership which will track the
 beneficial owners of reporting companies which may be shared with law enforcement and financial institutions conducting due diligence
 under certain circumstances; 

22 

improvements
 to existing information sharing provisions that permit financial institutions to share information relating to suspicious activity
 reports with foreign branches, subsidiaries, and affiliates (except those located in China, Russia, or certain other jurisdictions)
 for the purpose of combating illicit finance risks; and 

enhanced
 whistleblower protection provisions, allowing whistleblower(s) who provide original information which leads to successful enforcement
 of anti-money laundering laws in certain judicial or administrative actions resulting in certain monetary sanctions to receive up
 to 30 percent of the amount that is collected in monetary sanctions as well as increased protections. 

The Office of
Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), which is a division of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury ),
is responsible for helping to ensure that United States entities do not engage in transactions with enemies of the United
States, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. OFAC publishes lists of names of persons and organizations with
which the Bank is prohibited from engaging in business. If the Bank finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is
on an OFAC list, it must freeze such account, file a suspicious activity report and notify the FBI. The Bank has appointed an OFAC compliance
officer to oversee the inspection of its accounts and the filing of any notifications. The Bank actively checks high-risk OFAC areas
such as new accounts, wire transfers and customer files. The Bank performs these checks utilizing software, which is updated each time
a modification is made to the lists provided by OFAC and other agencies of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. 

 Following
Russia s invasion of Ukraine, OFAC took several sanctions related actions related to the Russian financial services sector pursuant
to Executive Order 14024 beginning in February 2022 including: (i) a determination by the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to the
financial services sector of the Russian Federation that authorizes sanctions against persons determined to operate or to have operated
in that sector; (ii) correspondent or payable-through account and payment processing prohibitions on certain Russian financial institutions;
(iii) the blocking of certain Russian financial institutions; (iv) expanding sovereign debt prohibitions to apply to new issuances in
the secondary market; (v) prohibitions related to new debt and equity for certain Russian entities; and (vi) a prohibition on transactions
involving certain Russian government entities, including the Central Bank of the Russian Federation. In March 2022, FinCEN issued an
alert advising increased vigilance for potential Russian Sanctions Evasion Attempts. The Financial Action Task Force FATF continues to revise the list of high-risk jurisdictions. In October 2022, FATF removed Nicaragua and Pakistan from its lists of Jurisdictions
under Increased Monitoring and added the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mozambique, and Tanzania. The FATF also added Burma to the
list of High-Risk Jurisdictions Subject to a Call for Action. 

Privacy
and Data Security. There are a number of state and federal laws and regulations that govern financial
privacy and cybersecurity. At the federal level, this includes the privacy protection provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLBA and related regulations, including Regulation P, which govern the treatment of nonpublic personal information. Under these privacy protection
provisions, we are limited in our ability to disclose non-public information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. These limitations
require disclosure of privacy policies and notices to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of
certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. 

 Consumers
must be notified in the event of a data breach under applicable state laws. Multiple states and Congress are considering laws or regulations
which could create new individual privacy rights and impose increased obligations on companies handling personal data. For example, on
November 18, 2021, the federal financial regulatory agencies published a final rule that will impose upon banking organizations and their
service providers new notification requirements for significant cybersecurity incidents. Specifically, the final rule requires banking
organizations to notify their primary federal regulator as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the discovery of a computer-security
incident that rises to the level of a notification incident within the meaning attributed to those terms by the
final rule. Banks service providers are required under the final rule to notify any affected bank to or on behalf of which the
service provider provides services as soon as possible after determining that it has experienced an incident that materially
disrupts or degrades, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, covered services provided to such bank for as much as
four hours. The final rule took effect on April 1, 2022 and banks and their service providers must have complied with the requirements
of the rule by May 1, 2022. Effective December 9, 2022, the FTC s amendments to GLBA s Safeguards Rule went into effect requiring
financial institutions to: (i) appoint a qualified individual to oversee and implement their information security programs; (ii) implement
additional criteria for information security risk assessments; (iii) implement safeguards identified by assessments, including access
controls, data inventory, data disposal, change management, and monitoring, among other things; (iv) implement information system monitoring
in the form of either continuous monitoring or periodic penetration testing; (v) implement additional controls
including training for security personnel, periodic assessment of service providers, written incident response plans, and periodic
reports from the qualified individual to the board of directors. 

23 

Effect
of Governmental Monetary Policies. Our earnings are affected by domestic economic conditions
and the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies. The Federal Reserve s monetary policies
have had, and are likely to continue to have, an important impact on the operating results of commercial banks through its power to implement
national monetary policy in order, among other things, to curb inflation or combat a recession. The monetary policies of the Federal
Reserve have major effects upon the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits through its open market operations in United States
government securities and through its regulation of the discount rate on borrowings of member banks and the reserve requirements against
member bank deposits. It is not possible to predict the nature or impact of future changes in monetary and fiscal policies. On March
3, 2020, the FMOC decreased the federal funds target rate by 50 basis points to a target range of 1.00 to 1.25 ; and on March 15, 2020,
the FMOC decreased the federal funds target rate by 100 basis points to the target range of 0.00 to 0.25 . However, during 2022, market
interest rates have increased significantly due to an increase in inflation. The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) made the following
increases to the target range of federal funds during the twelve months of 2022: 

- 
 0.25 
 on March 16, 2022; 

- 
 0.50 
 on May 4, 2022; 

- 
 0.75 
 on June 15, 2022; 

- 
 0.75 
 on July 27, 2022; 

- 
 0.75 
 on September 21, 2022; 

- 
 0.75 
 on November 2, 2022; and 

- 
 0.50 
 on December 14, 2022 

The target range of federal funds was 4.25 
- 4.50 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.00 - 0.25 at both December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. Changes in market interest rates
can have a significant impact on the level of income and expense recorded on a large portion of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing
liabilities, and on the market value of all interest-earning assets, other than those possessing a short term to maturity. Furthermore,
changes in market interest rates can have a significant impact on the level of mortgage originations and related mortgage non-interest
income. 

Insurance
of Accounts and Regulation by the FDIC. The Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable
limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC. As insurer, the FDIC imposes deposit insurance premiums and is authorized to conduct
examinations of and to require reporting by FDIC insured institutions. It also may prohibit any FDIC insured institution from engaging
in any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a serious risk to the insurance fund. The FDIC also has the authority
to initiate enforcement actions against savings institutions, after giving the bank s regulatory authority an opportunity to take
such action, and may terminate the deposit insurance if it determines that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices
or is in an unsafe or unsound condition. 

 As an FDIC-insured
bank, the Bank must pay deposit insurance assessments to the FDIC based on its average total assets minus its average tangible equity.
The Bank s assessment rates are currently based on its risk classification (i.e., the level of risk it poses to the FDIC s
deposit insurance fund). Institutions classified as higher risk pay assessments at higher rates than institutions that pose a lower risk. 

 In addition to
the ordinary assessments described above, the FDIC has the ability to impose special assessments in certain instances. For example, the
Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum target Deposit Insurance Fund ratio from 1.15 of estimated insured deposits to 1.35 of estimated
insured deposits. On September 30, 2018, the deposit insurance fund reached 1.36 , exceeding the statutorily required minimum reserve
ratio of 1.35 . On reaching the minimum reserve ratio of 1.35 , FDIC regulations provided for two changes to deposit insurance assessments:
(i) surcharges on insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of 10 billion or more (large institutions) ceased;
and (ii) small banks received assessment credits for the portion of their assessments that contributed to the growth in the reserve ratio
from between 1.15 and 1.35 , to be applied when the reserve ratio is at or above 1.38 . All remaining small bank credits were refunded
on the September 30, 2020 assessment invoice effectively ending the application of small bank credits. Assessment rates are expected
to decrease if the reserve ratio increases such that it exceeds 2 . 

 The FDIC may terminate
the deposit insurance of any insured depository institution, including the Bank, if it determines after a hearing that the institution
has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable
law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. It also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily during the hearing process
for the permanent termination of insurance, if the institution has no tangible capital. If insurance of accounts is terminated, the accounts
at the institution at the time of the termination, less subsequent withdrawals, shall continue to be insured for a period of six months
to two years, as determined by the FDIC. Management is not aware of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination
of the Bank s deposit insurance. 

Incentive
Compensation . In addition to the potential restrictions on discretionary bonus compensation
under the Basel III rules, the federal bank regulatory agencies have issued guidance on incentive compensation policies (the Incentive
Compensation Guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of financial institutions do not undermine
the safety and soundness of such institutions by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The Incentive Compensation Guidance, which covers
all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an institution, either individually or as part of a group,
is based upon the key principles that a financial institution s incentive compensation arrangements should comply with the following
principles: (i) provide employees incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward; (ii) be compatible with effective controls and
risk-management; and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization s
board of directors. 

24 

The scope and content
of federal bank regulatory agencies policies on executive compensation are continuing to develop and are likely to continue evolving
in the near future. In 2016, federal agencies proposed regulations which could significantly change the regulation of incentive compensation
programs at financial institutions. The proposal would create four tiers of institutions based on asset size. Institutions in the top
two tiers would be subject to rules much more detailed and proscriptive than are currently in effect. If interpreted aggressively by
the regulators, the proposed rules could be used to prevent, as a practical matter, larger institutions from engaging in certain lines
of business where substantial commission and bonus pool arrangements are the norm. In the 2016 proposal, the top two tiers included institutions
with more than 50 billion of assets, which would not currently apply to us. We cannot predict what final rules may be adopted, nor how
they may be implemented and, therefore, it cannot be determined at this time whether compliance with such policies will adversely affect
our ability to hire, retain and motivate our key employees.. 

In addition, the Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ), which was signed into law in December 2017, contains certain provisions affecting performance-based
compensation. Specifically, the pre-existing exception to the 1.0 million deduction limitation applicable to performance-based compensation
was repealed. The deduction limitation is now applied to all compensation exceeding 1.0 million, for our covered employees, regardless
of how it is classified, which could have an adverse effect on our income tax expense and net income. 

 Corporate
Governance . The Dodd-Frank Act addressed many investor protection, corporate governance and
executive compensation matters that affect most U.S. publicly traded companies. The Dodd-Frank Act (i) grants stockholders of U.S. publicly
traded companies an advisory vote on executive compensation and so-called golden parachute payments, (ii) enhances independence
requirements for compensation committee members, (iii) requires the SEC to adopt rules directing national securities exchanges to establish
listing standards requiring all listed companies to adopt incentive-based compensation clawback policies for executive officers, and
(iv) provides the SEC with authority to adopt proxy access rules that would allow stockholders of publicly traded companies to nominate
candidates for election as a director and have those nominees included in a company s proxy materials. The SEC has completed the
bulk (although not all) of the rulemaking necessary to implement these provisions. However, on October 14, 2021, the SEC signaled a renewed
interest in this rulemaking initiative by re-opening the comment period on a proposed rule issued originally in 2015 regarding clawbacks
of incentive-based executive compensation. On October 26, 2022, the SEC adopted final rules implementing the incentive-based compensation
recovery (clawback) provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rules direct the stock exchanges to establish listing standards requiring
listed companies to develop and implement a policy providing for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation received
by current or former executive officers and to satisfy related disclosure obligations. We are currently awaiting the final rules from
The Nasdaq Stock Market, which are not expected to take effect until mid-2023 at the earliest. 

 Concentrations
in Commercial Real Estate. Concentration risk exists when FDIC-insured institutions deploy too
many assets to any one industry or segment. A concentration in commercial real estate is one example of regulatory concern. The interagency
Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices guidance CRE Guidance provides supervisory
criteria, including the following numerical indicators, to assist bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially significant commercial
real estate loan concentrations that may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: (i) total non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans,
including loans secured by apartment buildings, investor commercial real estate, and construction and land loans, exceeding 300 or more
of an institution s total risk-based capital and the outstanding balance of the commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased
by 50 or more in the preceding three years or (ii) construction and land development loans exceeding 100 of total risk-based capital.
The CRE Guidance does not limit banks levels of commercial real estate lending activities, but rather guides institutions in developing
risk management practices and levels of capital that are commensurate with the level and nature of their commercial real estate concentrations.
On December 18, 2015, the federal banking agencies issued a statement to reinforce prudent risk-management practices related to commercial
real estate lending, having observed substantial growth in many commercial real estate asset and lending markets, increased competitive
pressures, rising commercial real estate concentrations in banks, and an easing of commercial real estate underwriting standards. The
federal bank agencies reminded FDIC-insured institutions to maintain underwriting discipline and exercise prudent risk-management practices
to identify, measure, monitor and manage the risks arising from commercial real estate lending. In addition, FDIC-insured institutions
must maintain capital commensurate with the level and nature of their commercial real estate concentration risk. Based on the Bank s
loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, its non-owner occupied commercial loans and its construction and land development loans were
approximately 272 and 56 of total risk-based capital, respectively. Management will continue to monitor the level of the concentration
in commercial real estate loans within the bank s loan portfolio. 

Proposed
Legislation and Regulatory Action . From time to time, various legislative and regulatory initiatives
are introduced in Congress and state legislatures, as well as by regulatory agencies. Such initiatives may include proposals to expand
or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions or proposals to substantially change the financial institution
regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and our operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways.
If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect
the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. We cannot predict whether
any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have on our financial
condition or results of operations. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company or the Bank could
have a material effect on our business. 

25 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

 There are risks,
many beyond our control, which could cause our results to differ significantly from management s expectations. Some of these risk
factors are described below. Any factor described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could, by itself or together with one or more other
factors, adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known to us or that we currently consider to not be material also may materially and adversely affect us. In assessing these risks, you
should also refer to other information disclosed in our SEC filings, including the financial statements and notes thereto. The risks
discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ substantially from those discussed or implied
in these forward-looking statements. 

 Economic
and Geographic-Related Risks 

 Our
business may be adversely affected by economic conditions generally. 

 Our financial
performance generally, and in particular the ability of borrowers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the
value of collateral securing those loans, as well as demand for loans and other products and services we offer and whose success we rely
on to drive our growth, is highly dependent upon the business environment in the primary markets where we operate and in the U.S. as
a whole. Unlike larger banks that are more geographically diversified, we are a regional bank that provides banking and financial services
to customers primarily in South Carolina and Georgia. The economic conditions in these local markets may be different from, and in some
instances worse than, the economic conditions in the U.S. as a whole. 

 Some elements of the
business environment that affect our financial performance include short-term and long-term interest rates, the prevailing yield curve,
inflation and price levels, monetary and trade policy, unemployment and the strength of the domestic economy and the local economy in
the markets in which we operate. Unfavorable market conditions can result in a deterioration in the credit quality of our borrowers and
the demand for our products and services, an increase in the number of loan delinquencies, defaults and charge-offs, foreclosures, additional
provisions for loan losses, adverse asset values of the collateral securing our loans and an overall material adverse effect on the quality
of our loan portfolio. The majority of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate. A decline in real estate values can negatively impact
our ability to recover our investment should the borrower become delinquent. Loans secured by stock or other collateral may be adversely
impacted by a downturn in the economy and other factors that could reduce the recoverability of our investment. Unsecured loans are dependent
on the solvency of the borrower, which can deteriorate, leaving us with a risk of loss. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market
conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence limitations on the
availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital increases in inflation or interest rates high unemployment 
natural disasters epidemics and pandemics (such as COVID-19); or a combination of these or other factors. 

 As economic conditions
relating to the COVID-19 pandemic have improved, the Federal Reserve has shifted its focus to limiting inflationary and other potentially
adverse effects of the extensive pandemic-related government stimulus, which signals the potential for a continued period of economic
uncertainty even though the pandemic has subsided. In addition, there are continuing concerns related to, among other things, the level
of U.S. government debt and fiscal actions that may be taken to address that debt, a potential resurgence of economic and political tensions
with China and the Russian invasion of Ukraine, all of which may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets and economic activity.
Economic pressure on consumers and overall economic uncertainty may result in changes in consumer and business spending, borrowing and
saving habits. These economic conditions and/or other negative developments in the domestic or international credit markets or economies
may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs
and profitability. Declines in real estate values and sales volumes and high unemployment or underemployment may also result in higher
than expected loan delinquencies, increases in our levels of nonperforming and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products
and services. These negative events may cause us to incur losses and may adversely affect our capital, liquidity and financial condition. 

 In addition, recently, concerns have arisen
with respect to the financial condition of a number of banking organizations in the United States, in particular those with exposure
to certain types of depositors and large portfolios of investment securities. On March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank was closed by the
California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation was appointed receiver of
Silicon Valley Bank. On March 11, 2023, Signature Bank was similarly closed and placed into receivership and concurrently the Federal
Reserve Board announced it will make available additional funding to eligible depository institutions to assist eligible banking organizations
with potential liquidity needs. While the Company s business, balance sheet and depositor profile differs substantially from banking
institutions that are the focus of the greatest scrutiny, the operating environment and public trading prices of financial services sector
securities can be highly correlated, in particular in times of stress, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Company s
common stock and potentially its results of operations. 

26 

Credit
and Interest Rate Risk 

 Our
decisions regarding credit risk and reserves for loan losses may materially and adversely affect our business. 

Making loans and
other extensions of credit is an essential element of our business. Although we seek to mitigate risks inherent in lending by adhering
to specific underwriting practices, our loans and other extensions of credit may not be repaid. The risk of nonpayment is affected by
a number of factors, including: 

the
 duration of the credit; 

credit
 risks of a particular customer; 

changes
 in economic and industry conditions; and 

in
 the case of a collateralized loan, risks resulting from uncertainties about the future value of the collateral. 
 
 We attempt to maintain
an appropriate allowance for loan losses to provide for potential losses in our loan portfolio. We periodically determine the amount
of the allowance based on consideration of several factors, including: 

an
 ongoing review of the quality, mix, and size of our overall loan portfolio; 

our
 historical loan loss experience; 

evaluation
 of economic conditions; 

regular
 reviews of loan delinquencies and loan portfolio quality; and 

the
 amount and quality of collateral, including guarantees, securing the loans. 
 
 There is no precise
method of predicting credit losses; therefore, we face the risk that charge-offs in future periods will exceed our allowance for loan
losses and that additional increases in the allowance for loan losses will be required. Additions to the allowance for loan losses would
result in a decrease of our net income, and possibly our capital. 

 Federal and state
regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize
further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of our management. Any increase in the amount of our provision or loans
charged-off as required by these regulatory agencies could have a negative effect on our operating results. 

 We
may have higher loan losses than we have allowed for in our allowance for loan losses. 

 Our actual loan losses
could exceed our allowance for loan losses. Our average loan size continues to increase and reliance on our historic allowance for loan
losses may not be adequate. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 89.0 of our loan portfolio (excluding loans held for sale) is composed
of construction (9.3 ), commercial mortgage (71.8 and commercial (7.9 loans. Repayment of such loans is generally considered more
subject to market risk than residential mortgage loans. Industry experience shows that a portion of loans will become delinquent and
a portion of loans will require partial or entire charge-off. Regardless of the underwriting criteria utilized, losses may be experienced
as a result of various factors beyond our control, including among other things, changes in market conditions affecting the value of
loan collateral and problems affecting the credit of our borrowers. If we suffer loan losses that exceed our allowance for loans losses,
our financial condition, liquidity or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

27 

We
have a concentration of credit exposure in commercial real estate and challenges faced by the commercial real estate market could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 As of December
31, 2022, we had approximately 788.9 million in loans outstanding to borrowers whereby the collateral securing the loan was commercial
real estate, representing approximately 80.4 of our total loans outstanding as of that date. Approximately 267.2 million or 27.2 of
our total loans and 33.9 of our commercial real estate loans are secured by owner-occupied properties. Commercial real estate loans
are generally viewed as having more risk of default than residential real estate loans. They are also typically larger than residential
real estate loans and consumer loans and depend on cash flows from the owner s business or the property to service the debt. Cash
flows may be affected significantly by general economic conditions, and a downturn in the local economy or in occupancy rates in the
local economy where the property is located could increase the likelihood of default. Because our loan portfolio contains a number of
commercial real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant
increase in our level of non-performing loans. An increase in non-performing loans could result in a loss of earnings from these loans,
an increase in the related provision for loan losses and an increase in charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our commercial
real estate loans have grown 12.2 , or 85.6 million, since December 31, 2021. The banking regulators give commercial real estate lending
greater scrutiny, and may require banks with higher levels of commercial real estate loans to implement more stringent underwriting,
internal controls, risk management policies and portfolio stress testing, as well as possibly higher levels of allowances for losses
and capital levels as a result of commercial real estate lending growth and exposures. 

 Imposition
of limits by the bank regulators on commercial and multi-family real estate lending activities could curtail our growth and adversely
affect our earnings. 

 In 2006, the
FDIC, the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued joint guidance entitled Concentrations in Commercial
Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices (the CRE Guidance ). Although the CRE Guidance did not establish
specific lending limits, it provides that a bank s commercial real estate lending exposure could receive increased supervisory
scrutiny where (i) total non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans, including loans secured by apartment buildings, investor commercial
real estate, and construction and land loans, represent 300 or more of an institution s total risk-based capital, and the outstanding
balance of the commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more during the preceding 36 months, or (ii) construction
and land development loans exceed 100 of total risk-based capital. Our total non-owner-occupied commercial real estate loans represented
272 of the Bank s total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022, and our construction and land development loans represented 56 
of the Bank s total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022. 

 In December 2015, the
regulatory agencies released a new statement on prudent risk management for commercial real estate lending (the 2015 Statement ).
In the 2015 Statement, the regulatory agencies, among other things, indicated their intent to continue to pay special attention 
to commercial real estate lending activities and concentrations going forward. If the FDIC, our primary federal regulator, were to impose
restrictions on the amount of commercial real estate loans we can hold in our portfolio, for reasons noted above or otherwise, our earnings
would be adversely affected. 

Repayment
of our commercial business loans is often dependent on the cash flows of the borrower, which may be unpredictable, and the collateral
securing these loans may fluctuate in value. 

 At December 31,
2022, commercial business loans comprised 7.9 of our total loan portfolio. Our commercial business loans are originated primarily based
on the identified cash flow and general liquidity of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower
and/or repayment capacity of any guarantor. The borrower s cash flow may be unpredictable, and collateral securing these loans
may fluctuate in value. Although commercial business loans are often collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable, or
other business assets, the liquidation of collateral in the event of default is often an insufficient source of repayment because accounts
receivable may be uncollectible and inventories may be obsolete or of limited use. In addition, business assets may depreciate over time,
may be difficult to appraise, and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. Accordingly, the repayment of commercial
business loans depends primarily on the cash flow and credit worthiness of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral
value provided by the borrower and liquidity of the guarantor. If these borrowers do not have sufficient cash flows or resources to pay
these loans as they come due or the value of the underlying collateral is insufficient to fully secure these loans, we may suffer losses
on these loans that exceed our allowance for loan losses. 

 Our
focus on lending to small to mid-sized community-based businesses may increase our credit risk. 

 Most of our commercial
business and commercial real estate loans are made to small business or middle market customers. These businesses generally have fewer
financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities and have a heightened vulnerability to economic conditions.
If general economic conditions in the markets in which we operate negatively impact this important customer sector, our results of operations
and financial condition and the value of our common stock may be adversely affected. Moreover, a portion of these loans have been made
by us in recent years and the borrowers may not have experienced a complete business or economic cycle. Furthermore, the deterioration
of our borrowers businesses may hinder their ability to repay their loans with us, which could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. 

28 

Our
underwriting decisions may materially and adversely affect our business. 

 While we generally
underwrite the loans in our portfolio in accordance with our own internal underwriting guidelines and regulatory supervisory guidelines,
in certain circumstances we have made loans which exceed either our internal underwriting guidelines, supervisory guidelines, or both.
As of December 31, 2022, approximately 21.9 million of our loans, or 13.9 of the Bank s regulatory capital (Tier 1 Capital plus
allowance for loan and lease losses), had loan-to-value ratios that exceeded regulatory supervisory guidelines, of which two loans totaling
approximately 481 thousand had loan-to-value ratios of 100 or more. In addition, supervisory limits on commercial loan-to-value exceptions
are set at 30 of the Bank s tier 1 capital plus allowance for loan and lease losses. At December 31, 2022, 16.6 million of our
commercial loans, or 10.6 of the Bank s regulatory capital, exceeded the supervisory loan-to-value ratio. The number of loans
in our portfolio with loan-to-value ratios in excess of supervisory guidelines, our internal guidelines, or both could increase the risk
of delinquencies and defaults in our portfolio, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

 We
depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties and our financial condition could be adversely
affected if we rely on misleading information. 

 In deciding whether
to extend credit or to enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or
on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information, which we do not independently
verify. We also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and,
with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to clients,
we may assume that a customer s audited financial statements conform with GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. Our financial condition and results of operations could be
negatively impacted to the extent we rely on financial statements that do not comply with GAAP or are materially misleading. 

 If
we fail to effectively manage credit risk and interest rate risk, our business and financial condition will suffer. 

 We must effectively
manage credit risk. There are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan
may be repaid, risks relating to proper loan underwriting and guidelines, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions,
risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers and risks resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral. There
is no assurance that our credit risk monitoring and loan approval procedures are or will be adequate or will reduce the inherent risks
associated with lending. Our credit administration personnel, policies and procedures may not adequately adapt to changes in economic
or any other conditions affecting customers and the quality of our loan portfolio. Any failure to manage such credit risks may materially
adversely affect our business and our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 

Changes
in prevailing interest rates may reduce our profitability. 

Our results of operations
depend in large part upon the level of our net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from interest-earning
assets, such as loans and investment securities, which include mortgage-backed securities MBSs ), and interest expense
on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and other borrowings. Depending on the terms and maturities of our assets and liabilities,
we believe a significant change in interest rates could potentially have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Many factors
cause changes in interest rates, including governmental monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions.
While we intend to manage the effects of changes in interest rates by adjusting the terms, maturities, and pricing of our assets and
liabilities, our efforts may not be effective and our financial condition and results of operations could suffer. 

Capital
and Liquidity Risks 

Changes
in the financial markets could impair the value of our investment portfolio. 

Our investment securities
portfolio is a significant component of our total earning assets. Total investment securities averaged 570.6 million in 2022, as compared
to 456.8 million in 2021. This represents 37.0 and 32.2 of the average earning assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. At December 31, 2021, the portfolio was 36.2 of earning assets compared to 38.2 of earning assets at December 31, 2021.
Turmoil in the financial markets could impair the market value of our investment portfolio, which could adversely affect our net income
and possibly our capital. 

29 

On June 1, 2022, we
reclassified 224.5 million in investments to held-to-maturity (HTM) from available-for-sale (AFS). These securities were transferred
at fair value at the time of the transfer, which became the new cost basis for the securities held to maturity. The pretax unrealized
net holding loss on the available for sale securities on the date of transfer totaled approximately 16.7 million, and continued to be
reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. This net unrealized loss is being amortized to interest income over
the remaining life of the securities as a yield adjustment. There were no gains or losses recognized as a result of this transfer. The
remaining pretax unrealized net holding loss on these investments was 15.7 million 12.4 million net of tax) at December 31, 2022.
Our HTM investments totaled 228.7 million and represented approximately 40.5 of our total investments at December 31, 2022. Our AFS
investments totaled 331.9 million or approximately 58.8 of our total investments with an modified duration of 3.15 at December 31,
2022. Investments at cost totaled 4.2 million or approximately 0.7 of our total investments at December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, securities which have unrealized losses were not considered to be other than temporarily impaired, and we believe
it is more likely than not we will be able to hold these until they mature or recover our current book value. We currently maintain substantial
liquidity which supports our ability to hold these investments until they mature, or until there is a market price recovery. However,
if we were to cease to have the ability and intent to hold these investments until maturity or the market prices do not recover, and
we were to sell these securities at a loss, it could adversely affect our net income and possibly our capital. 

The
Bank is subject to strict capital requirements, which could be amended to be more stringent, in the future. 

 The Bank is subject
to regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital that we must maintain and an additional capital conservation
buffer. From time to time, the regulators change these regulatory capital adequacy guidelines. If we fail to meet these capital guidelines
and other regulatory requirements, we or our subsidiaries may be restricted in the types of activities we may conduct and we may be prohibited
from taking certain capital actions, such as paying dividends, repurchasing or redeeming capital securities, and paying certain bonuses. 

 In particular, the capital
requirements applicable under the Basel III require the Bank to satisfy additional, more stringent, capital adequacy standards than it
had in the past. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary
actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, these requirements could have a negative impact on our ability to lend, grow deposit balances, make acquisitions, make capital
distributions in the form of dividends or share repurchases, or pay certain bonuses needed to attract and retain key personnel. Higher
capital levels could also lower our return on equity. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

Inflationary
pressures and rising prices may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Inflation
has continued rising in 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout
2023. Inflation could lead to increased costs to our customers, making it more difficult for them to repay their loans or other obligations
increasing our credit risk. Sustained higher interest rates by the Federal Reserve may be needed to tame persistent inflationary price
pressures, which could push down asset prices and weaken economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States
and our markets could result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and
a decrease in demand for our products and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

The
phase-out of LIBOR could negatively impact our net interest income and require significant operational work. 

The United Kingdom s
Financial Conduct Authority FCA regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), the reference rate
previously used for many of our transactions, including our lending and borrowing and our purchase and sale of securities, as well as
the derivatives that we use to manage risk related to such transactions. The FCA announced in July 2017 that the sustainability of LIBOR
could not be guaranteed. Accordingly, although the FCA confirmed the extension of overnight and 1-, 3-, 6-, and 12-month LIBOR through
June 30, 2023 in order to accord financial institutions greater time with which to manage the transition from LIBOR, the FCA is no longer
persuading, or compelling, banks to submit to LIBOR. The federal banking agencies, including the OCC, previously determined that banks
should have ceased entering into any new contract that uses LIBOR as a reference rate by December 31, 2021. In addition, banks have been
encouraged to identify contracts that extend beyond June 30, 2023 and implement plans to identify and address insufficient contingency
provisions in those contracts. The discontinuance of LIBOR has resulted in significant uncertainty regarding the transition to suitable
alternative reference rates and could adversely impact our business, operations, and financial results. 

30 

The discontinuation
of LIBOR, changes in LIBOR, or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of LIBOR as a benchmark could result in changes to
our risk exposures (for example, if the anticipated discontinuation of LIBOR adversely affects the availability or cost of floating-rate
funding and, therefore, our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates) or otherwise result in losses on a product or having to pay more
or receive less on securities that we own or have issued. In addition, such uncertainty could result in pricing volatility and increased
capital requirements, loss of market share in certain products, adverse tax or accounting impacts, and compliance, legal and operational
costs and risks associated with client disclosures, discretionary actions taken or negotiation of fallback provisions, systems disruption,
business continuity, and model disruption. The implementation of LIBOR reform proposals may result in increased compliance costs and
operational costs, including costs related to continued participation in LIBOR and the transition to a replacement reference rate or
rates. We cannot reasonably estimate the expected cost. 

As of December
31, 2022, we had 15.5 million in LIBOR-based loans, 48.1 million in securities, and 15.0 million in junior subordinated debt indexed
to LIBOR. Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes or other reforms to LIBOR may adversely
affect LIBOR rates and the value of LIBOR-based loans, if such loans do not mature or pre-pay before the transition. For new loan originations
and renewals, we have ceased relying on LIBOR and have moved to alternative indices. 

Higher
FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments could adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our deposits are insured
up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC and are subject to deposit insurance assessments to maintain deposit
insurance. As an FDIC-insured institution, we are required to pay quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. Although
we cannot predict what the insurance assessment rates will be in the future, either deterioration in our risk-based capital ratios or
adjustments to the base assessment rates could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. 

We
could experience a loss due to competition with other financial institutions or nonbank companies. 

We face substantial
competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of different competitors, both within and beyond our principal markets, many
of which are larger and may have more financial resources. Such competitors primarily include national, regional, community and internet
banks within the various markets in which we operate. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including,
without limitation, savings and loans, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, and other financial intermediaries.
The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative and regulatory changes and continued consolidation.
In addition, as customer preferences and expectations continue to evolve, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible
for banks to offer products and services in more areas in which they do not have a physical location and for nonbanks, such as FinTech
companies, to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems.
Banks, securities firms, and insurance companies can merge under the umbrella of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually
any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting), and merchant banking.
Many of our competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. Additionally, due to their size, many competitors
may be able to achieve economies of scale and, as a result, may offer a broader range of products and services as well as better pricing
for those products and services than we can. 

Our ability to compete
successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among other things: 

our
 ability to develop, maintain, and build upon long-term customer relationships based on top quality service, high ethical standards,
 and safe, sound assets; 

our
 ability to expand our market position; 

the
 scope, relevance, and pricing of the products and services we offer to meet our customers needs and demands; 

the
 rate at which we introduce new products and services relative to our competitors; 

customer
 satisfaction with our level of service; and 

industry
 and general economic trends. 
 
 Failure to perform
in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability,
which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

We
may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 

 Financial services
institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different
industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial
banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in
the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the bank
cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due
to the bank. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Failure
to keep pace with technological change could adversely affect our business. 

 The financial
services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products
and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to
reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide
products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our
competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement
new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. In addition,
we depend on internal and outsourced technology to support all aspects of our business operations. Failure to successfully keep pace
with technological changes could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 New
lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risk. 

 From time to time, we
may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks
and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and
marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for
the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability
targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market
preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business and/or a new product or service. Furthermore, any
new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls.
Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and/or new products or services
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Consumers
may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions. 

 Technology and
other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions through alternative methods that historically have involved banks.
For example, consumers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds
or general-purpose reloadable prepaid cards. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds
directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, 
could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits.
The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

 Risks
Related to Our Strategy 

 We
may be adversely affected by risks associated with future mergers and acquisitions, including execution risk, which could disrupt our
business and dilute shareholder value. 

 From time to time, we
may seek to acquire other financial institutions or parts of those institutions. We may also expand into new markets, like we did in
York County, South Carolina in 2022, or lines of business or offer new products or services. These activities would involve a number
of risks, including: 

the
 potential inaccuracy of the estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management, and market risks with respect
 to a target institution; 

regulatory
 approvals could be delayed, impeded, restrictively conditioned or denied due to existing or new regulatory issues we have, or may
 have, with regulatory agencies, including, without limitation, issues related to anti-money laundering/Bank Secrecy Act compliance,
 fair lending laws, fair housing laws, consumer protection laws, unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices regulations, CRA
 issues, and other similar laws and regulations; 

the
 time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring or retaining experienced local management, including those from competitors,, and
 opening new offices and the time lags between these activities and the generation of sufficient assets and deposits to support the
 costs of the expansion; 

difficulty
 or unanticipated expense associated with converting the operating systems of the acquired or merged company into ours; 

32 

the
 incurrence and possible impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets associated with an acquisition or merger and possible
 adverse effects on our results of operations; and 

the
 risk of loss of key employees and customers of the Company or the acquired or merged company. 

If we do not successfully
manage these risks, our merger and acquisition activities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations, including short-term and long-term liquidity, and our ability to successfully implement our strategic plan. 

We
may be exposed to difficulties in combining the operations of acquired businesses into our own operations, which may prevent us from
achieving the expected benefits from our acquisition activities. 

We may not be able to
fully achieve the strategic objectives and operating efficiencies that we anticipate in our acquisition activities. Inherent uncertainties
exist in integrating the operations of an acquired business. In addition, the markets and industries in which we and our potential acquisition
targets operate are highly competitive. We may lose customers or the customers of acquired entities as a result of an acquisition. We
also may lose key personnel from the acquired entity as a result of an acquisition. We may not discover all known and unknown factors
when examining a company for acquisition during the due diligence period. These factors could produce unintended and unexpected consequences
for us. Undiscovered factors as a result of acquisitions, pursued by non-related third party entities, could bring civil, criminal, and
financial liabilities against us, our management, and the management of those entities acquired. These factors could contribute to us
not achieving the expected benefits from acquisitions within desired time frames. 

New
or acquired banking office facilities and other facilities may not be profitable. 

We may not be able to
identify profitable locations for new banking offices. The costs to start up new banking offices or to acquire existing branches, and
the additional costs to operate these facilities, may increase our non-interest expense and decrease our earnings in the short term.
If branches of other banks become available for sale, we may acquire those offices. It may be difficult to adequately and profitably
manage our growth through the establishment or purchase of additional banking offices and we can provide no assurance that any such banking
offices will successfully attract enough deposits to offset the expenses of their operation. In addition, any new or acquired banking
offices will be subject to regulatory approval, and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in securing such approval. 

Risks
Related to Our Human Capital 

We
are dependent on key individuals, and the loss of one or more of these key individuals could curtail our growth and adversely affect
our prospects. 

 Michael C. Crapps,
our president and chief executive officer, has extensive and long-standing ties within our primary market area and substantial experience
with our operations, and he has contributed significantly to our business. If we lose the services of Mr. Crapps, he would be difficult
to replace and our business and development could be materially and adversely affected. Our success also depends, in part, on our continued
ability to attract and retain experienced loan originators, as well as other management personnel. Competition for personnel is intense,
and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified personnel. Our failure to compete for these personnel, or the loss
of the services of several of such key personnel, could adversely affect our business strategy and materially and adversely affect our
business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

 Operational
Risks 

 A
failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors and other service
providers or other third parties, including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse
of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. 

We rely heavily
on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Information security risks for financial institutions such as ours
have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications
technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, and terrorists,
activists, and other external parties. As customer, public, and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security
have increased, our operating systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions,
and breakdowns. Our business, financial, accounting, and data processing systems, or other operating systems and facilities may stop
operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond
our control. For example, there could be electrical or telecommunication outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, and
hurricanes; disease pandemics; events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and as
described below, cyber attacks. 

33 

As noted above, our
business relies on our digital technologies, computer and email systems, software and networks to conduct its operations. Although we
have information security procedures and controls in place, our technologies, systems, networks, and our customers devices may
become the target of cyber attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring,
misuse, loss, or destruction of our or our customers or other third parties confidential information. Third parties with
whom we do business or that facilitate our business activities, including financial intermediaries, or vendors that provide service or
security solutions for our operations, and other unaffiliated third parties, including the South Carolina Department of Revenue, which
had customer records exposed in a 2012 cyber attack, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including
from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints. 

While we have disaster
recovery and other policies, plans and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach
of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if
they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving
nature of these threats. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices
designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a focus for
us. As threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective
measures or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure
or operating systems that support our businesses and clients, or cyber attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices
that our clients use to access our products and services could result in client attrition, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention,
reputation damage, reimbursement or other compensation costs, and/or additional compliance costs, any of which could have a material
effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

We
are at risk of increased losses from fraud. 

 Criminals committing
fraud increasingly are using more sophisticated techniques and in some cases are part of larger criminal rings, which allow them to be
more effective. The fraudulent activity has taken many forms, ranging from check fraud, mechanical devices attached to ATM machines,
social engineering and phishing attacks to obtain personal information or impersonation of our clients through the use of falsified or
stolen credentials. Additionally, an individual or business entity may properly identify themselves, particularly when banking online,
yet seek to establish a business relationship for the purpose of perpetrating fraud. Further, in addition to fraud committed against
us, we may suffer losses as a result of fraudulent activity committed against third parties. Increased deployment of technologies, such
as chip card technology, defray and reduce aspects of fraud; however, criminals are turning to other sources to steal personally identifiable
information, such as unaffiliated healthcare providers and government entities, in order to impersonate the consumer to commit fraud.
Many of these data compromises are widely reported in the media. As a result of the increased sophistication of fraud activity, we have
increased our spending on systems and controls to detect and prevent fraud. This will result in continued ongoing investments in the
future. 

 Nevertheless,
these investments may prove insufficient and fraudulent activity could result in losses to us or our customers; loss of business and/or
customers; damage to our reputation; the incurrence of additional expenses (including the cost of notification to consumers, credit monitoring
and forensics, and fees and fines imposed by the card networks); disruption to our business; our inability to grow our online services
or other businesses; additional regulatory scrutiny or penalties; or our exposure to civil litigation and possible financial liability
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our
use of third party vendors and our other ongoing third party business relationships are subject to increasing regulatory requirements
and attention. 

 We regularly
use third party vendors as part of our business. We also have substantial ongoing business relationships with other third parties. These
types of third party relationships are subject to increasingly demanding regulatory requirements and attention by our federal bank regulators.
Recent regulation requires us to enhance our due diligence, ongoing monitoring and control over our third party vendors and other ongoing
third party business relationships. We expect that our regulators will hold us responsible for deficiencies in our oversight and control
of our third party relationships and in the performance of the parties with which we have these relationships. As a result, if our regulators
conclude that we have not exercised adequate oversight and control over our third party vendors or other ongoing third party business
relationships or that such third parties have not performed appropriately, we could be subject to enforcement actions, including civil
money penalties or other administrative or judicial penalties or fines as well as requirements for customer remediation, any of which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

34 

Negative
public opinion surrounding the Bank and the financial institutions industry generally could damage our reputation and adversely impact
our earnings. 

 Reputation risk, or
the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion surrounding the Bank and the financial institutions industry
generally, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities,
including lending practices, corporate governance, mergers and acquisitions, and from actions taken by government regulators and community
organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract clients and
employees, could impair the confidence of our investors, counterparties and business partners and can affect our ability to effect transactions
and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action. Although we take steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with our clients
and communities, this risk will always be present given the nature of our business. 

Legal,
Accounting, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 

 We
are subject to extensive regulation that could restrict our activities, have an adverse impact on our operations, and impose financial
requirements or limitations on the conduct of our business. 

 We operate in
a highly regulated industry and are subject to examination, supervision, and comprehensive regulation by various regulatory agencies.
We are subject to Federal Reserve regulation. The Bank is subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and examination by our primary
federal regulator, the FDIC, the regulating authority that insures customer deposits; and by our state regulator, the S.C. Board. Also,
as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank (the FHLB ), the Bank must comply with applicable regulations of the Federal Housing
Finance Board and the FHLB. Regulation by these agencies is intended primarily for the protection of our depositors and the deposit insurance
fund and not for the benefit of our shareholders. The Bank s activities are also regulated under consumer protection laws applicable
to our lending, deposit, and other activities. A sufficient claim against us under these laws could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations. 

 Failure to comply with
laws, regulations or policies could also result in heightened regulatory scrutiny and in sanctions by regulatory agencies (such as a
memorandum of understanding, a written supervisory agreement or a cease and desist order), civil money penalties and/or reputation damage.
Any of these consequences could restrict our ability to expand our business or could require us to raise additional capital or sell assets
on terms that are not advantageous to us or our shareholders and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent any such violations, such violations may occur despite
our best efforts. 

Federal,
state and local consumer lending laws may restrict our ability to originate certain mortgage loans or increase our risk of liability
with respect to such loans and could increase our cost of doing business. 

 Federal, state
and local laws have been adopted that are intended to eliminate certain lending practices considered predatory. These laws
prohibit practices such as steering borrowers away from more affordable products, selling unnecessary insurance to borrowers, repeatedly
refinancing loans and making loans without a reasonable expectation that the borrowers will be able to repay the loans irrespective of
the value of the underlying property. Loans with certain terms and conditions and that otherwise meet the definition of a qualified
mortgage may be protected from liability to a borrower for failing to make the necessary determinations. In either case, we may
find it necessary to tighten our mortgage loan underwriting standards in response to the CFPB rules, which may constrain our ability
to make loans consistent with our business strategies. It is our policy not to make predatory loans and to determine borrowers 
ability to repay, but the law and related rules create the potential for increased liability with respect to our lending and loan investment
activities. They increase our cost of doing business and, ultimately, may prevent us from making certain loans and cause us to reduce
the average percentage rate or the points and fees on loans that we do make. 

 We
are subject to federal and state fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. 

 Federal and state fair
lending laws and regulations, such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements
on financial institutions. The DOJ, CFPB and other federal and state agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations.
Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action
litigation. A successful challenge to our performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could adversely impact our rating under
the CRA and result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief,
imposition of restrictions on merger and acquisition activity and restrictions on expansion activity, which could negatively impact our
reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes
in accounting standards could materially affect our financial statements. 

 Our accounting
policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time,
FASB, the SEC and our bank regulators change the financial accounting and reporting standards, or the interpretation thereof, and guidance
that govern the preparation and disclosure of external financial statements. Such changes are beyond our control, can be hard to predict
and could materially impact how we report and disclose our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be
required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, or apply an existing standard differently, also retrospectively, which under
some circumstances could potentially result in a need to revise or restate prior period financial statements. 

35 

New
accounting standards will likely require us to increase our allowance for loan losses and may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

 The measure of
our allowance for loan losses is dependent on the adoption and interpretation of accounting standards. The Financial Accounting Standards
Board (the FASB has issued a new credit impairment model, the Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL model, which became
applicable to us on January 1, 2023 and for interim periods within that year. Under the CECL model, we are required to present certain
financial assets carried at amortized cost, such as loans held for investment and held-to-maturity debt securities, at the net amount
expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is to be based on information about past events, including historical
experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. This
measurement will take place at the time the financial asset is first added to the balance sheet and periodically thereafter. This differs
significantly from the incurred loss model currently required under GAAP, which delays recognition until it is probable
a loss has been incurred. Accordingly, the adoption of the CECL model will materially affect how we determine our allowance for loan
losses and could require us to significantly increase our allowance. Moreover, the CECL model may create more volatility in the level
of our allowance for loan losses. If we are required to materially increase our level of allowance for loan losses for any reason, such
increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 We
adopted CECL on January 1, 2023, and currently estimate the allowance for credit losses will increase by approximately zero to 50 thousand upon adoption.
In addition, we expect to recognize a liability for the unfunded commitments of approximately 350 thousand to 450 thousand upon adoption.
The impact to retained earnings is expected to be a reduction of approximately 275 thousand to 395 thousand, net of tax. The adoption
of CECL will not have a significant impact to our regulatory capital. We will finalize the adoption during the first quarter of 2023. 

The
Federal Reserve may require us to commit capital resources to support the Bank. 

 The Federal Reserve
requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources
to support such subsidiary bank. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding
company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and
unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal bank
regulators to require that all companies that directly or indirectly control an insured depository institution serve as a source of strength
for the institution. Under these requirements, in the future, we could be required to provide financial assistance to our Bank if the
Bank experiences financial distress. 

 A capital injection
may be required at times when we do not have the resources to provide it, and therefore we may be required to borrow the funds. In the
event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal
bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such
commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the holding company s general unsecured creditors, including
the holders of its note obligations. Thus, any borrowing that must be done by the holding company in order to make the required capital
injection becomes more difficult and expensive and will adversely impact the holding company s cash flows, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

We
face risks related to the adoption of future legislation and potential changes in federal regulatory agency leadership, policies, and
priorities. 

With the new Congress
taking office in 2023, Republicans gained control of the U.S. House of Representatives, while Democrats retained control of the U.S.
Senate. However slim the majorities, though, the net result was a split Congress, which in the past leads to less sweeping policy changes.
Congressional committees with jurisdiction over the banking sector have pursued oversight and legislative initiatives in a variety of
areas, including addressing climate-related risks, promoting diversity and equality within the banking industry and addressing other
Environmental, Social, and Governance matters, improving competition in the banking sector and enhancing oversight of bank mergers and
acquisitions, establishing a regulatory framework for digital assets and markets, and oversight of the COVID-19 pandemic response and
economic recovery. The prospects for the enactment of major banking reform legislation remains unclear at this time. 

36 

Moreover, the turnover
of the presidential administration resulted in certain changes in the leadership and senior staffs of the federal banking agencies, the
CFPB, CFTC, SEC, and the Treasury Department, with certain significant leadership positions yet to be filled, including the Comptroller
of the Currency. These changes have impacted the rulemaking, supervision, examination and enforcement priorities and policies of the
agencies and likely will continue to do so over the next several years. The potential impact of any changes in agency personnel, policies
and priorities on the financial services sector, including the Company and the Bank, cannot be predicted at this time. Regulations and
laws may be modified at any time, and new legislation may be enacted that will affect us. Any future changes in federal and state laws
and regulations, as well as the interpretation and implementation of such laws and regulations, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable
ways, including those listed above or other ways that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

We
are party to various claims and lawsuits incidental to our business. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties such that the expenses
and ultimate exposure with respect to many of these matters cannot be ascertained. 

From time to time, we,
our directors and our management are or may be the subject of various claims and legal actions by customers, employees, shareholders
and others. Whether such claims and legal actions are legitimate or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in our
favor, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of us and our products and services
as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. In light of the potential cost, reputational damage and uncertainty
involved in litigation, we have in the past and may in the future settle matters even when we believe we have a meritorious defense.
Certain claims may seek injunctive relief, which could disrupt the ordinary conduct of our business and operations or increase our cost
of doing business. Our insurance or indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us. Any judgments or settlements
in any pending litigation or future claims, litigation or investigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation,
financial condition and results of operations. 

From
time to time we are, or may become, involved in suits, legal proceedings, information-gatherings, investigations and proceedings by governmental
and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences. 

 Many aspects of the
banking business involve a substantial risk of legal liability. From time to time, we are, or may become, the subject of information-gathering
requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings, and other forms of regulatory inquiry, including by bank regulatory agencies, self-regulatory
agencies, the SEC and law enforcement authorities. The results of such proceedings could lead to significant civil or criminal penalties,
including monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgements, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way we conduct our business
or reputational harm. 

We
could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws and regulations or the interpretations of such laws and regulations. 

We are subject to the
income tax laws of the U.S., and its states and municipalities in which we do business. These tax laws are complex and may be subject
to different interpretations. We must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when
determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and our valuation allowance. Changes to the tax
laws, administrative rulings or court decisions could increase our provision for income taxes and reduce our net income. 

In addition, our ability
to continue to record our deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to realize their value through future projected earnings. Future
changes in tax laws or regulations could adversely affect our ability to record our deferred tax assets. Loss of part or all of our deferred
tax assets would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
ability to realize deferred tax assets may be reduced, which may adversely impact our results of operations. 

Deferred tax
assets are reported as assets on our balance sheet and represent the decrease in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of net
operating losses NOLs and tax credit carryforwards and because of future reversals of temporary differences in the bases
of assets and liabilities as measured by enacted tax laws and their bases as reported in the financial statements. As of December 31,
2022, we had net deferred tax assets of 11.7 million. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient future taxable income during the periods in which existing
deferred tax assets are expected to become deductible for federal income tax purposes. Based on projections of future taxable income
in periods in which deferred tax assets are expected to become deductible, management determined that the realization of our net deferred
tax asset was more likely than not. As a result, we did not recognize a valuation allowance on our net deferred tax asset as of December
31, 2022. If it becomes more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance
must be recognized. Our deferred tax asset may be further reduced in the future if estimates of future income or our tax planning strategies
do not support the amount of the deferred tax assets. Charges to establish a valuation allowance with respect to our deferred tax asset
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

37 

Risks
Related to an Investment in Our Common Stock 

Our
ability to pay cash dividends is limited, and we may be unable to pay future dividends even if we desire to do so. 

 The Federal Reserve
has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve s policies
provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank
holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal
Reserve s policies also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by
standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity
and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary
banks where necessary. In addition, under the prompt corrective action regulations, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends
may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. These regulatory policies could affect our ability to pay dividends
or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 

 Our ability to pay cash
dividends may be limited by regulatory restrictions, by our Bank s ability to pay cash dividends to the Company and by our need
to maintain sufficient capital to support our operations. As a South Carolina-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to limitations on the
amount of dividends that it is permitted to pay. Unless otherwise instructed by the S.C. Board, the Bank is generally permitted under
South Carolina state banking regulations to pay cash dividends of up to 100 of net income in any calendar year without obtaining the
prior approval of the S.C. Board. If our Bank is not permitted to pay cash dividends to us, it is unlikely that we would be able to pay
cash dividends on our common stock. Moreover, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, and if declared
by our board of directors. Although we have historically paid cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our
board of directors could reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. 

Our
stock price may be volatile, which could result in losses to our investors and litigation against us. 

 Our stock price
has been volatile in the past and several factors could cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the future. These factors include
but are not limited to: actual or anticipated variations in earnings, changes in analysts recommendations or projections, our
announcement of developments related to our businesses, operations and stock performance of other companies deemed to be peers, new technology
used or services offered by traditional and non-traditional competitors, news reports of trends, irrational exuberance on the part of
investors, new federal banking regulations, and other issues related to the financial services industry. Our stock price may fluctuate
significantly in the future, and these fluctuations may be unrelated to our performance. General market declines or market volatility
in the future, especially in the financial institutions sector, could adversely affect the price of our common stock, and the current
market price may not be indicative of future market prices. Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for you to resell your
common stock when you want and at prices you find attractive. Moreover, in the past, securities class action lawsuits have been instituted
against some companies following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We could in the future be the target of
similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from
our normal business. 

 Future
sales of our stock by our shareholders or the perception that those sales could occur may cause our stock price to decline. 

 Although our
common stock is listed for trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market, the trading volume in our common stock is lower than that of other larger
financial services companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends
on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the
individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the relatively low
trading volume of our common stock, significant sales of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that those sales may
occur, could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline or to be lower than it otherwise might be in the absence of those
sales or perceptions. 

 Economic
and other circumstances may require us to raise capital at times or in amounts that are unfavorable to us. If we have to issue shares
of common stock, they will dilute the percentage ownership interest of existing shareholders and may dilute the book value per share
of our common stock and adversely affect the terms on which we may obtain additional capital. 

 We may need to
incur additional debt or equity financing in the future to make strategic acquisitions or investments or to strengthen our capital position.
Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time,
which are outside of our control and our financial performance. We cannot provide assurance that such financing will be available to
us on acceptable terms or at all, or if we do raise additional capital that it will not be dilutive to existing shareholders. 

38 

If we determine, for
any reason, that we need to raise capital, subject to applicable NASDAQ rules, our board generally has the authority, without action
by or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of any authorized but unissued shares of stock for any corporate purpose, including
issuance of equity-based incentives under or outside of our equity compensation plans. Additionally, we are not restricted from issuing
additional common stock or preferred stock, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent
the right to receive, common stock or preferred stock or any substantially similar securities. The market price of our common stock could
decline as a result of sales by us of a large number of shares of common stock or preferred stock or similar securities in the market
or from the perception that such sales could occur. If we issue preferred stock that has a preference over the common stock with respect
to the payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute
the voting power of the common stock, the rights of holders of the common stock or the market price of our common stock could be adversely
affected. Any issuance of additional shares of stock will dilute the percentage ownership interest of our shareholders and may dilute
the book value per share of our common stock. Shares we issue in connection with any such offering will increase the total number of
shares and may dilute the economic and voting ownership interest of our existing shareholders. 

Provisions
of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, South Carolina law, and state and federal banking regulations, could delay or prevent a
takeover by a third party. 

Our articles of incorporation
and bylaws could delay, defer, or prevent a third party takeover, despite possible benefit to the shareholders, or otherwise adversely
affect the price of our common stock. Our governing documents: 

authorize
 a class of preferred stock that may be issued in series with terms, including voting rights, established by the board of directors
 without shareholder approval; 

authorize
 20,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock that may be issued by the board of directors without shareholder
 approval; 

classify
 our board with staggered three-year terms, preventing a change in a majority of the board at any annual meeting; 

require
 advance notice of proposed nominations for election to the board of directors and business to be conducted at a shareholder meeting; 

grant
 the board of directors the discretion, when considering whether a proposed merger or similar transaction is in the best interests
 of the Company and our shareholders, to take into account the effect of the transaction on our employees, clients and suppliers and
 upon the communities in which we are located, to the extent permitted by South Carolina law; 

provide
 that the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time by resolution adopted by a majority of the directors then in office,
 but may not consist of fewer than nine nor more than 25 members; and 

provide
 that no individual who is or becomes a business competitor or who is or becomes affiliated with, employed by, or a
 representative of any individual, corporation, or other entity which the board of directors, after having such matter formally brought
 to its attention, determines to be in competition with us or any of our subsidiaries (any such individual, corporation, or other
 entity being a business competitor shall be eligible to serve as a director if the board of directors determines that
 it would not be in our best interests for such individual to serve as a director (any financial institution having branches or affiliates
 within the counties in which we operate is presumed to be a business competitor unless the board of directors determines otherwise). 

In addition, the South
Carolina business combinations statute provides that a 10 or greater shareholder of a resident domestic corporation cannot engage in
a business combination (as defined in the statute) with such corporation for a period of two years following the date on
which the 10 shareholder became such, unless the business combination or the acquisition of shares is approved by a majority of the
disinterested members of such corporation s board of directors before the 10 shareholder s share acquisition date. This
statute further provides that at no time (even after the two-year period subsequent to such share acquisition date) may the 10 shareholder
engage in a business combination with the relevant corporation unless certain approvals of the board of directors or disinterested shareholders
are obtained or unless the consideration given in the combination meets certain minimum standards set forth in the statute. The law is
very broad in its scope and is designed to inhibit unfriendly acquisitions but it does not apply to corporations whose articles of incorporation
contain a provision electing not to be covered by the law. Our articles of incorporation do not contain such a provision. An amendment
of our articles of incorporation to that effect would, however, permit a business combination with an interested shareholder even though
such status was obtained prior to the amendment. 

Finally, the Change
in Bank Control Act and the Bank Holding Company Act generally require filings and approvals prior to certain transactions that would
result in a party acquiring control of the Company or the Bank. 

An
investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit. 

 Our common stock is
not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or
private entity. An investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described in this Risk Factors section
and elsewhere in this report and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result,
if you acquire our common stock, you may lose some or all of your investment. 

39 

General
Risk Factors 

 Increasing
scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social
and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 

 Companies are
facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly
focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights.
Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with
regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business
with certain partners, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight
and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. Additionally, concerns over the long-term impacts of climate
change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses
also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. We and our customers will need to respond to new laws and
regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our customers may face cost increases,
asset value reductions, operating process changes, among other impacts. The impact on our customers will likely vary depending on their
specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness
on the part of some customers or in the value of assets securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending
and other decisions may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer
or business behavior. 

 Climate
change could have a material adverse impact on us and our customers. 

 We are exposed
to risks of physical impacts of climate change and risks arising from the process of transitioning to a less carbon-dependent economy.
Climate change-related physical risks include increased severity and frequency of adverse weather events, such as extreme storms and
flooding, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as rising temperatures and sea levels and changes in precipitation amount
and distribution. Such physical risks may have adverse impacts on us, both directly on our business operations and as a result of impacts
on our borrowers and counterparties, such as declines in the value of loans, investments, real estate and other assets, disruptions in
business operations and economic activity, including supply chains, and market volatility. 

 Transition risks
include changes in regulations, market preferences and technologies toward a less carbon-dependent economy. The possible adverse impacts
of transition risks include asset devaluations, increased operational and compliance costs, and an inability to meet regulatory or market
expectations. For example, we may become subject to new or heightened regulatory requirements and stakeholder expectations regarding
climate change, including those relating operational resiliency, disclosure and financial reporting. 

 The risks associated
with climate change are rapidly changing and evolving, making them difficult to assess due to limited data and other uncertainties. We
could experience increased expenses resulting from strategic planning, litigation, and technology and market changes, and reputational
harm as a result of negative public sentiment, regulatory scrutiny, and reduced investor and stakeholder confidence due to our response
to climate change and our climate change strategy, which, in turn, could have a material negative impact on our business, results of
operations, and financial condition. 

 Our
historical operating results may not be indicative of our future operating results. 

 We may not be
able to sustain our historical rate of growth, and, consequently, our historical results of operations will not necessarily be indicative
of our future operations. Various factors, such as economic conditions, regulatory and legislative considerations, and competition, may
also impede our ability to expand our market presence. If we experience a significant decrease in our historical rate of growth, our
results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected because a high percentage of our operating costs are fixed expenses. 

 A
downgrade of the U.S. credit rating could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 In August 2011,
Standard Poor s Ratings Services lowered its long-term sovereign credit rating on the U.S. from AAA to AA+ .
If U.S. debt ceiling, budget deficit or debt concerns, domestic or international economic or political concerns, or other factors were
to result in further downgrades to the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness, it could adversely
affect the U.S. and global financial markets and economic conditions. A downgrade of the U.S. government s credit rating or any
failure by the U.S. government to satisfy its debt obligations could create financial turmoil and uncertainty, which could weigh heavily
on the global banking system. It is possible that any such impact could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

40 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

 Not applicable. 

 Item
2. Properties. 

 Our principal place
of business as well as the Bank s is located at 5455 Sunset Boulevard, Lexington, South Carolina 29072. In addition, we currently
operate 22 full-service offices located in the South Carolina counties of Lexington County (6 offices), Richland County (4 offices),
Newberry County (2 offices), Kershaw County (1 office), Aiken County (1 office), Greenville County (2 offices), Anderson County (1 office),
Pickens County (1 office), York County (1 office), and in the Georgia counties of Richmond County (2 offices) and Columbia County (1
office). All of these properties are owned by the Bank except for the Downtown Augusta, Georgia (Richmond County), Greenville, South
Carolina, and York County, South Carolina full-service branch offices, which are leased by the Bank. Although the properties owned are
generally considered adequate, we have a continuing program of modernization, expansion and, when necessary, occasional replacement of
facilities. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

 In the ordinary
course of operations, we may be a party to various legal proceedings from time to time. We do not believe that there is any pending or
threatened proceeding against us, which, if determined adversely, would have a material effect on our business, results of operations,
or financial condition. 

 Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

 Not applicable. 

41 

PART
II 

 Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

 As of February
28, 2023, there were approximately 1,838 shareholders of record of our common stock. Our common stock trades on The NASDAQ Capital Market
under the trading symbol of FCCO. 

 Quarterly
Common Stock Price Ranges and Dividends 

 The following
table sets forth the high and low sales price information as reported by NASDAQ for the periods indicated, and the dividends per share
declared on our common stock in each such quarter. All information has been adjusted for any stock splits and stock dividends effected
during the periods presented. 

High 
 Low 
 Dividends 
 
 2022 

Quarter ended March 31, 2022 
 22.00 
 20.00 
 0.13 
 
 Quarter ended June 30, 2022 
 21.36 
 17.55 
 0.13 
 
 Quarter ended September 30, 2022 
 19.70 
 17.25 
 0.13 
 
 Quarter ended December 31, 2022 
 22.00 
 16.97 
 0.13 
 
 2021 

Quarter ended March 31, 2021 
 22.00 
 16.18 
 0.12 
 
 Quarter ended June 30, 2021 
 20.85 
 18.00 
 0.12 
 
 Quarter ended September 30, 2021 
 21.49 
 18.57 
 0.12 
 
 Quarter ended December 31, 2021 
 23.42 
 19.21 
 0.12 

Dividend
Policy 

 We currently
intend to continue to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, subject to approval by our board of directors, although we may
elect not to pay dividends or to change the amount of such dividends. The payment of dividends is a decision of our board of directors
based upon then-existing circumstances, including our rate of growth, profitability, financial condition, existing and anticipated capital
requirements, the amount of funds legally available for the payment of cash dividends, regulatory constraints and such other factors
as the board determines relevant. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The Federal Reserve has issued a
policy statement on the payment of cash dividends by bank holding companies, which expresses the Federal Reserve s view that a
bank holding company generally should pay cash dividends only to the extent that the holding company s net income for the past
year is sufficient to cover both the cash dividends and a rate of earnings retention that is consistent with the holding company s
capital needs, asset quality, and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve has also indicated that a bank holding company should
not maintain a level of cash dividends that places undue pressure on the capital of its bank subsidiaries, or that can be funded only
through additional borrowings or other arrangements that undermine the bank holding company s ability to act as a source of strength. 

 The Company s
ability to pay dividends is generally limited by the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. As a South Carolina-chartered
bank, the Bank is subject to limitations on the amount of dividends that it is permitted to pay. Unless otherwise instructed by the S.C.
Board, the Bank is generally permitted under South Carolina state banking regulations to pay cash dividends of up to 100 of net income
in any calendar year without obtaining the prior approval of the S.C. Board. In addition, the Bank must maintain a capital conservation
buffer, above its regulatory minimum capital requirements, consisting entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 capital, in order to avoid restrictions
with respect to its payment of dividends to the Company. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

 Pursuant to our Amended
and Restated Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, non-employee directors may elect to defer all or any part of annual retainer
fees payable in respect of the following calendar year to the director for his or her service on the board of directors or any committee
of the board of directors. During the year, a number of deferred stock units are credited quarterly to the director s account equal
to (i) the otherwise payable amount divided by (ii) the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the last trading day of such
calendar quarter. In general, a director s vested account balance will be distributed in a lump sum of our common stock on the
30th day following the participants separation from service. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we credited an aggregate of 7,723
deferred stock units to accounts for directors who elected to defer monthly fees or annual retainer fees for 2022. These deferred stock
units include dividend equivalents in the form of additional stock units. The deferred stock units were issued pursuant to an exemption
from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

42 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities 

 On
April 12, 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 375,000 shares of our common stock (the 2021
Repurchase Plan ). No repurchases were made under the 2021 Repurchase Plan prior to its expiration at the market close on March
31, 2022. On April 20, 2022, we announced that our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 375,000 shares of our common stock
(the 2022 Repurchase Plan ), which represented approximately 5 of our 7,577,912 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022.
No repurchases have been made under the 2022 Repurchase Plan. The 2022 Repurchase Plan expires at the market close on December 31, 2023. 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

 Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

 The following
discussion and analysis identifies significant factors that have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods
included in the accompanying financial statements. We encourage you to read this discussion and analysis in conjunction with the financial
statements and the related notes and the other statistical information also included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 Overview 

 We are headquartered
in Lexington, South Carolina and serve as the bank holding company for the Bank. We engage in a general commercial and retail banking
business characterized by personalized service and local decision making, emphasizing the banking needs of small to medium-sized businesses,
professionals and individuals. We operate from our main office in Lexington, South Carolina, and our 22 full-service offices located
in the South Carolina counties of Lexington County (6 offices), Richland County (4 offices), Newberry County (2 offices), Kershaw County
(1 office), Aiken County (1 office), Greenville County (2 offices), Anderson County (1 office), Pickens County (1 office), and York County
(1 office); and in the Georgia counties of Richmond County (2 offices) and Columbia County (1 office). On March 14, 2022, we opened a
loan production office in Rock Hill, South Carolina, which is located in York County. We converted this loan production office into a
full-service banking office on October 20, 2022. We refer to York County, South Carlina and the surrounding area as the Piedmont Region. 

The following
discussion describes our results of operations for 2022, as compared to 2021 and 2020, and also analyzes our financial condition as of
December 31, 2022, as compared to December 31, 2021. Like most community banks, we derive most of our income from interest we receive
on our loans and investments. A primary source of funds for making these loans and investments is our deposits, on which we pay interest.
Consequently, one of the key measures of our success is our amount of net interest income, or the difference between the income on our
interest-earning assets, such as loans and investments, and the expense on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. 

 We have included a number
of tables to assist in our description of these measures. For example, the Average Balances table shows the average balance
during 2022, 2021 and 2020 of each category of our assets and liabilities, as well as the yield we earned or the rate we paid with respect
to each category. A review of this table shows that our loans typically provide higher interest yields than do other types of interest
earning assets, which is why we intend to channel a substantial percentage of our earning assets into our loan portfolio. Similarly,
the Rate/Volume Analysis table helps demonstrate the impact of changing interest rates and changing volume of assets and
liabilities during the years shown. We also track the sensitivity of our various categories of assets and liabilities to changes in interest
rates, and we have included a Sensitivity Analysis Table to help explain this. Finally, we have included a number of tables
that provide detail about our investment securities, our loans, our deposits and our borrowings. 

There are risks
inherent in all loans, so we maintain an allowance for loan losses to absorb probable losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible.
We establish and maintain this allowance by charging a provision for loan losses against our operating earnings. In the following section,
we have included a detailed discussion of this process, as well as several tables describing our allowance for loan losses and the allocation
of this allowance among our various categories of loans. 

 In addition to
earning interest on our loans and investments, we earn income through fees and other expenses we charge to our customers. We describe
the various components of this noninterest income, as well as our noninterest expense, in the following discussion. The discussion and
analysis also identifies significant factors that have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods included
in the accompanying financial statements. We encourage you to read this discussion and analysis in conjunction with the financial statements
and the related notes and the other statistical information also included in this report. 

43 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

 We
have adopted various accounting policies that govern the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
and with general practices within the banking industry in the preparation of our financial statements. Our significant accounting policies
are described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this report. 

Certain
accounting policies inherently involve a greater reliance on the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments and, as such, have a greater
possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported, which could have a material impact on the
carrying values of our assets and liabilities and our results of operations. We consider these accounting policies and estimates to be
critical accounting policies. We have identified the determination of the allowance for loan losses and income taxes and deferred tax
assets, to be the accounting areas that require the most subjective or complex judgments and, as such, could be most subject to revision
as new or additional information becomes available or circumstances change, including overall changes in the economic climate and/or
market interest rates. Therefore, management has reviewed and approved these critical accounting policies and estimates and has discussed
these policies with our Audit and Compliance Committee. 

 Allowance
for Loan Losses 

 We
believe the allowance for loan losses is the critical accounting policy that requires the most significant judgment and estimates used
in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. The allowance for loan losses represents an amount which we believe will be
adequate to absorb probable losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible. Our judgment as to the adequacy of the allowance
for loan losses is based on assumptions about future events, which we believe to be reasonable, but which may or may not prove to be
accurate. Our determination of the allowance for loan losses is based on evaluations of the credit worthiness of borrowers, collectability
of loans, including consideration of factors such as the balance of impaired loans, the quality, mix, and size of our overall loan portfolio,
the knowledge and depth of lending personnel, economic conditions (local and national) that may affect the borrower s ability to
repay, the amount and quality of collateral securing the loans, our historical loan loss experience, and a review of specific problem
loans. We also consider qualitative factors such as changes in the lending policies and procedures, changes in the local/national economy,
changes in volume or type of credits, changes in volume/severity of problem loans, quality of loan review and board of director oversight,
and concentrations of credit. During the first quarter of 2020, we added a new qualitative factor related to the economic uncertainties
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. We charge recognized losses to the allowance and add subsequent recoveries back to the allowance for
loan losses. There can be no assurance that charge-offs of loans in future periods will not exceed the allowance for loan losses as estimated
at any point in time or that provisions for loan losses will not be significant to a particular accounting period. 

 For the financial information included in this Annual
Report of Form 10-K, we account for our allowance for loan losses under the incurred loss model. We perform an analysis quarterly to
assess the risk within the loan portfolio. The portfolio is segregated into similar risk components for which historical loss ratios
are calculated and adjusted for identified changes in current portfolio characteristics. Historical loss ratios are calculated by product
type and by regulatory credit risk classification (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The annualized weighted average
loss ratios over the last 36 months for loans classified as substandard, special mention and pass have been approximately 0.00 , 0.07 
and 0.00 , respectively. The allowance consists of an allocated and unallocated allowance. The allocated portion is determined by types
and ratings of loans within the portfolio. The unallocated portion of the allowance is established for losses that exist in the remainder
of the portfolio and compensates for uncertainty in estimating the loan losses. The allocated portion of the allowance is based on historical
loss experience as well as certain qualitative factors as explained above. The qualitative factors have been established based on certain
assumptions made as a result of the current economic conditions and are adjusted as conditions change to be directionally consistent
with these changes. The unallocated portion of the allowance is composed of factors based on management s evaluation of various
conditions that are not directly measured in the estimation of probable losses through the experience formula or specific allowances. 

The
allowance represents management s best estimate, [and we believe our estimate has been reasonably accurate in determining allowance
for loan loss adequacy], but significant downturns in circumstances relating to loan quality and economic conditions could result in
a requirement for additional allowance. Likewise, an upturn in loan quality and improved economic conditions may allow a reduction in
the required allowance. In either instance, unanticipated changes could have a significant impact on results of operations. In addition,
regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses. Such agencies
may require us to recognize additions to the allowances based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their
examination. 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, as amended, to replace the incurred loss model with an expected loss model, which is referred
to as the current expected credit loss (CECL) model. The CECL model is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial
assets measured at amortized cost, including loan receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities. It also applies to off-balance
sheet credit exposures not accounted for as insurance (loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, and
similar instruments) and net investments in leases recognized by a lessor. For debt securities with other-than-temporary impairment
(OTTI), the guidance will be applied prospectively. Existing purchased credit impaired (PCI) assets will be grandfathered and
classified as purchased credit deteriorated (PCD) assets at the date of adoption. The assets will be grossed up for the allowance
of expected credit losses for all PCD assets at the date of adoption and will continue to recognize the noncredit discount in
interest income based on the yield of such assets as of the adoption date. Subsequent changes in expected credit losses will be
recorded through the allowance. Adoption is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022.
Early adoption was permitted. The Company adopted CECL on January 1, 2023, and currently estimates the allowance for credit losses
will increase by approximately zero to 50 thousand. In addition, the Company expects to recognize a liability for the unfunded
commitments of approximately 350 thousand to 450 thousand upon adoption. The impact to retained earnings is expected to be a
reduction of approximately 275 thousand to 395 thousand, net of tax. The adoption of CECL will not have a significant impact
to the Bank s regulatory capital. The Company will finalize the adoption during the first quarter of 2023. 
 
 44 

Income
Taxes, Deferred Tax Assets, and Deferred Tax Liabilities 

We
are subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states, and the municipalities in which we operate. These tax laws are complex and
subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant government taxing authorities. 

Income
taxes are provided for the tax effects of the transactions reported in our consolidated financial statements and consist of taxes currently
due plus deferred taxes related to differences between the tax basis and accounting basis of certain assets and liabilities, including
available-for-sale securities, allowance for loan losses, write-downs of OREO properties, write-downs on premises held-for-sale, accumulated
depreciation, net operating loss carry forwards, accretion income, deferred compensation, intangible assets, and pension plan and post-retirement
benefits. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences, which will either
be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reflected
at income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets or liabilities are expected to be realized or settled.
A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. As changes
in tax laws or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted through the provision for income taxes. 

In
establishing our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and our valuation allowance, we must make judgments
and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. We must also make estimates about when in the future
certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. Disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be subject
to review/adjudication by the court systems of the various tax jurisdictions or may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination
or audit. Although we believe that the judgments and estimates used are reasonable, and we believe our estimates have been reasonably
accurate, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. To the extent we prevail in matters
for which reserves have been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our reserves, our effective income tax rate in
a given financial statement period could be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement would result in an increase in our effective
income tax rate in the period of resolution. A favorable tax settlement would result in a reduction in our effective income tax rate
in the period of resolution. 

45 

Financial
Highlights 

As of or For the Years Ended December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Balance Sheet Data: 

Total assets 
 1,672,946 
 1,584,508 
 1,395,382 
 
 Loans held for sale 
 1,779 
 7,120 
 45,020 
 
 Loans 
 980,857 
 863,702 
 844,157 
 
 Deposits 
 1,385,382 
 1,361,291 
 1,189,413 
 
 Total common shareholders equity 
 118,361 
 140,998 
 136,337 
 
 Total shareholders equity 
 118,361 
 140,998 
 136,337 
 
 Average shares outstanding, basic 
 7,528 
 7,491 
 7,446 
 
 Average shares outstanding, diluted 
 7,608 
 7,549 
 7,482 
 
 Results of Operations: 

Interest income 
 51,117 
 47,520 
 43,778 
 
 Interest expense 
 3,174 
 2,241 
 3,755 
 
 Net interest income 
 47,943 
 45,279 
 40,023 
 
 Provision for (release of) loan losses 
 (152 
 335 
 3,663 
 
 Net interest income after provision for (release of) loan losses 
 48,095 
 44,944 
 36,360 
 
 Non-interest income 
 11,569 
 13,904 
 13,769 
 
 Non-interest expenses 
 41,253 
 39,201 
 37,534 
 
 Income before taxes 
 18,411 
 19,647 
 12,595 
 
 Income tax expense 
 3,798 
 4,182 
 2,496 
 
 Net income 
 14,613 
 15,465 
 10,099 
 
 Net income available to common shareholders 
 14,613 
 15,465 
 10,099 
 
 Per Share Data: 

Basic earnings per common share 
 1.94 
 2.06 
 1.36 
 
 Diluted earnings per common share 
 1.92 
 2.05 
 1.35 
 
 Book value at period end 
 15.62 
 18.68 
 18.18 
 
 Tangible book value at period end (non-GAAP) 
 13.59 
 16.62 
 16.08 
 
 Dividends per common share 
 0.52 
 0.48 
 0.48 
 
 Asset Quality Ratios: 

Non-performing assets to total assets (3) 
 0.35 
 0.09 
 0.50 
 
 Non-performing loans to period end loans 
 0.50 
 0.03 
 0.69 
 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans 
 (0.03 
 (0.05 
 (0.01 
 
 Allowance for loan losses to period-end total loans 
 1.16 
 1.29 
 1.23 
 
 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing assets 
 194.41 
 789.98 
 148.10 
 
 Selected Ratios: 

Return on average assets 
 0.88 
 1.02 
 0.78 
 
 Return on average common equity: 
 11.99 
 11.22 
 7.84 
 
 Return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP): 
 13.73 
 12.65 
 8.94 
 
 Efficiency Ratio (non-GAAP) (1) 
 68.60 
 66.09 
 69.99 
 
 Noninterest income to operating revenue (2) 
 19.44 
 23.49 
 25.60 
 
 Net interest margin (tax equivalent) 
 3.14 
 3.23 
 3.37 
 
 Equity to assets 
 7.08 
 8.90 
 9.77 
 
 Tangible common shareholders equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) 
 6.21 
 8.00 
 8.74 
 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital (Bank) (4) 
 13.49 
 14.00 
 12.83 
 
 Total risk-based capital (Bank) (4) 
 14.54 
 15.80 
 13.94 
 
 Leverage (Bank) (4) 
 8.63 
 8.45 
 8.84 
 
 Average loans to average deposits (5) 
 64.92 
 68.77 
 76.79 

(1) 
 The
 efficiency ratio is a key performance indicator in our industry. The ratio is calculated by dividing non-interest expense by net
 interest income on a tax equivalent basis and non-interest income, excluding gains (losses) on sales of securities and other assets,
 write-downs on premises held-for-sale, non-recurring bank owned life insurance (BOLI) income, gains on insurance proceeds, and collection
 of summary judgments on loans charged-off at a bank we acquired. The efficiency ratio is a measure of the relationship between operating
 expenses and net revenue. 

(2) 
 Operating
 revenue is defined as net interest income plus noninterest income. 

(3) 
 Includes
 non-accrual loans, loans > 90 days delinquent and still accruing interest and other real estate owned OREO ). 

(4) 
 As
 a small bank holding company, we are generally not subject to the capital requirements at the holding company level unless otherwise
 advised by the Federal Reserve; however, our Bank remains subject to capital requirements. 

(5) 
 Includes
 loans held for sale. 

46 

Certain financial information presented
above is determined by methods other than in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures include efficiency ratio, 
 tangible book value at period end, return on average tangible common equity and tangible common shareholders 
equity to tangible assets. The efficiency ratio is defined as non-interest expense divided by the sum of net interest
income on a tax equivalent basis and non-interest income, excluding gains (losses) on sales of securities and other assets, write-downs
on premises held-for-sale, non-recurring bank owned life insurance (BOLI) income, gains on insurance proceeds, and collection of summary
judgments on loans charged off at a bank we acquired. The efficiency ratio is a measure of the relationship between operating expenses
and net revenue. Tangible book value at period end is defined as total equity reduced by recorded intangible assets divided
by total common shares outstanding. Tangible common shareholders equity to tangible assets is defined as total common
equity reduced by recorded intangible assets divided by total assets reduced by recorded intangible assets. Our management believes that
these non-GAAP measures are useful because they enhance the ability of investors and management to evaluate and compare our operating
results from period-to-period in a meaningful manner. Non-GAAP measures have limitations as analytical tools, and investors should not
consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 

 The table below provides a reconciliation
of non-GAAP measures to GAAP for the three years ended December 31: 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Tangible book value per common
 share 

Tangible common
 equity per common share (non-GAAP) 
 13.59 
 16.62 
 16.08 
 
 Effect
 to adjust for intangible assets 
 2.03 
 2.06 
 2.10 
 
 Book value per common share
 (GAAP) 
 15.62 
 18.68 
 18.18 
 
 Return on average tangible common
 equity 

Return on average tangible common
 equity (non-GAAP) 
 13.73 
 12.65 
 8.94 
 
 Effect
 to adjust for intangible assets 
 (1.74 
 (1.43 
 (1.10 
 
 Return
 on average common equity (GAAP) 
 11.99 
 11.22 
 7.84 
 
 Tangible common shareholders 
 equity to tangible assets 

Tangible common equity to tangible
 assets (non-GAAP) 
 6.21 
 8.00 
 8.74 
 
 Effect
 to adjust for intangible assets 
 0.87 
 0.90 
 1.03 
 
 Common
 equity to assets (GAAP) 
 7.08 
 8.90 
 9.77 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Our net income for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 14.6 million, or 1.92 diluted earnings per common share, as compared to 15.5 million, or
 2.05 diluted earnings per common share, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The 852 thousand decline in net income between
the two periods is primarily due to a 2.3 million decline in non-interest income and a 2.1 million increase in non-interest expense
partially offset by a 2.7 million increase in net interest income, a 487 thousand reduction in provision for loan losses, and a 384
thousand reduction in income tax expense. 

The
 increase in net interest income results from an increase of 122.2 million in average earning assets partially offset by an eight
 basis points decline in the net interest margin between the two periods. 

The
 decline in non-interest income is primarily related to declines in mortgage banking income of 2.4 million, lower gains on sale of
 other real estate of 122 thousand, lower gains on sale of other assets of 190 thousand, and lower other non-recurring income of
 164 thousand partially offset by an increase in investment advisory fees and non-deposit commissions of 484 thousand. 

o 
 The
 reduction in other non-recurring income was related to the collection of 147 thousand in summary judgments related to two loans
 charged off at a bank, which we subsequently acquired and 24 thousand in gains on insurance proceeds during the twelve months ended
 December 31, 2021. We recorded 7 thousand in other non-recurring income related to gains on insurance proceeds during the twelve
 months ended December 31, 2022. 

47 

The
 reduction in provision for loan losses is primarily related to the following: a decrease in our COVID-19 qualitative factor in our
 allowance for loan losses methodology and net recoveries during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 partially offset by increases
 in our economic conditions qualitative factor due to inflation, supply chain bottlenecks, labor shortages in certain industries,
 and the war in Ukraine; an increase in our changes in staff qualitative factor due to the addition of a new team and new market in
 York County, South Carolina in March 2022; an increase in our change in total of past due, rated, and non-accrual loans qualitative
 factor due to a 4.1 million loan being moved to non-accrual status in June 2022; and loan growth. 

The
 increase in non-interest expense is primarily related to increased salaries and employee benefits expense of 863 thousand, increased
 occupancy expense of 55 thousand, increased equipment expense of 47 thousand, increased marketing and public relations expense
 of 86 thousand, increased legal and professional fees of 299 thousand, increased ATM/debit card and data processing expense of
 428 thousand, increased other real estate expense including other real estate write-downs of 203 thousand, increased fraud expense
 of 106 thousand, increased travel, meals, and entertainment expense of 103 thousand, and increased postage / courier expense of
 118 thousand partially offset by lower FDIC assessments of 150 thousand, lower amortization of intangibles of 43 thousand, and
 lower loan processing costs of 63 thousand. 

Our
 effective tax rate was 20.6 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 21.3 during the twelve months ended December
 31, 2021. 

o 
 The
 reduction in the effective tax rate was due to lower net income before tax and a 153 thousand non-recurring reduction to income
 tax expense during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Our
net income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was 15.5 million, or 2.05 diluted earnings per common share, as compared to
 10.1 million, or 1.35 diluted earnings per common share, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. The 5.4 million increase in
net income between the two periods is primarily due to a 5.3 million increase in net interest income, a 135 thousand increase in non-interest
income, and a 3.3 million reduction in provision for loan losses partially offset by a 1.7 million increase in non-interest expense
and 1.7 million increase in income tax expense. 

The
 increase in net interest income results from an increase of 220.3 million in average earning assets partially offset by a 15-basis
 point decline in the net interest margin between the two periods. The increase in non-interest income is primarily related to increases
 in investment advisory fees and non-deposit commissions of 1.3 million, ATM/debit card income of 412 thousand, rental income of
 40 thousand, gain on bank premises held-for-sale of 104 thousand, gain on sale of bank owned land of 13 thousand, gain on insurance
 proceeds of 24 thousand, and the collection of summary judgments of 147 thousand related to two loans charged off at a bank we
 acquired, partially offset by lower mortgage loan fees of 1.2 million, lower deposit service charges of 144 thousand, lower loan
 late charges of 33 thousand, lower gain on sale of securities of 99 thousand, lower gain on sale of other real estate owned of
 70 thousand, lower non-recurring bank owned life insurance (BOLI) income of 311 thousand, and lower recurring BOLI income of 31
 thousand. 

The
 reduction in provision for loan losses is primarily related to net recoveries of 455 thousand during the twelve months ended December
 31, 2021 compared to net recoveries of 99 thousand during the same period in 2020; and a reduction in the qualitative factors in
 our allowance for loan losses methodology during 2021 related to the economic uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the
 change in total past due, rated, and non-accrual loans; partially offset by increases in the qualitative factors for the change in
 economic conditions and the change in legal or regulatory requirements; and loan growth of 19.5 million including PPP Loans and
 60.3 million excluding PPP Loans. We reduced the loss emergence period assumption on our COVID-19 qualitative factor, which was
 added to our allowance for loan losses methodology during 2020, to 18 months at June 30, 2021 from 24 months at December 31, 2020
 due to reductions in the number of COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations, and deaths in our markets. However, we increased the loss emergence
 period to 21 months at December 31, 2021 due to the prevalence of the highly transmittable COVID-19 Omicron variant. We partially
 offset these reductions by increasing our economic conditions qualitative factor by four basis points during 2021 (two basis points
 at June 30, 2021 and two basis points at September 30, 2021) due to higher inflation, supply chain bottlenecks, and labor shortages
 in certain industries; and we increased our change in legal or regulatory requirements qualitative factor by one basis point at December
 31, 2021 due to the resignation of the Chair of the FDIC on December 31, 2021, which may lead to regulatory changes that negatively
 affect banks. 

The
 increase in non-interest expense is primarily related to increased salaries and employee benefits expense of 468 thousand, increased
 occupancy expense of 238 thousand, increased marketing and public relations expense of 130 thousand, increased FDIC assessment
 of 214 thousand, increased director fees and benefits of 165 thousand, increased third party broker dealer expenses of 90 thousand
 related to our higher investment advisory fees and non-deposit commissions, and increased ATM/debit card and computer processing
 expense of 700 thousand partially offset by lower legal and professional fees of 180 thousand and lower amortization of intangibles
 of 162 thousand. 

Our
 effective tax rate was 21.3 during the twelve months of 2021 compared to 19.8 during the same period in 2020. 

48 

Net
Interest Income 

 Net interest
income is our primary source of revenue. Net interest income is the difference between income earned on assets and interest paid on deposits
and borrowings used to support such assets. Net interest income is determined by the rates earned on our interest-earning assets and
the rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities, the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities,
and the degree of mismatch and the maturity and repricing characteristics of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 

 Year
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Net interest income
increased 2.7 million, or 5.9 , to 47.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 45.3 million for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2021. Our net interest margin declined by eight basis points to 3.11 during the twelve months ended December 31,
2022 from 3.19 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Our net interest margin, on a taxable equivalent basis, was 3.14 for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.23 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Average earning assets increased
 122.2 million, or 8.6 , to 1.5 billion for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.4 billion in the same period of
2021. 

The
 increase in net interest income was primarily due to a higher level of average earning assets partially offset by lower net interest
 margin. 

The
 increase in average earning assets was due to increases in non-PPP loans and securities partially offset by declines in PPP loans
 and other short-term investments. 

Although
 market interest rates increased in 2022, the decline in net interest margin was due to excess liquidity generated from PPP loan proceeds,
 other stimulus funds related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and organic deposit growth being deployed in lower yielding securities; and
 due to a reduction in PPP loans, which resulted in a change in the mix of our earning assets. 

o 
 Investment
 securities represented 37.0 of average total earning assets for the twelve month ended December 31, 2022 compared to 32.2 during
 the same period in 2021. 

o 
 Interest
 income on PPP loans declined to 49 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 3.3 million during the twelve
 months ended December 31, 2021 due to a reduction in PPP loans. Average PPP loans declined to 336 thousand for the twelve
 months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 36.8 million during the same period in 2021. 

In
 June 2022, a 4.1 million loan was moved to non-accrual status, which resulted in a 51 thousand reversal to interest income in June
 2022. 

Average loans increased
 31.4 million, or 3.5 , to 920.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 889.0 million for the same period in 2021.
Average PPP loans declined 36.5 million and average Non-PPP loans increased 67.9 million to 336 thousand and 920.0 million, respectively,
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Average loans represented 59.7 of average earning assets during the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 compared to 62.6 of average earning assets during the same period in 2021. Our loan (including loans held-for-sale)
to deposit ratio on average during 2022 was 64.9 , as compared to 68.8 during 2021. These declines were due to our growth in deposits
of 124.9 million exceeding our loan (including loans held-for-sale) growth of 31.4 million, net of a 36.5 million decline in PPP loans.
However, the loan to deposit ratio (including loans held-for-sale) increased to 70.9 at December 31, 2022 as compared to 64.0 at December
31, 2021. Our growth in loans of 111.8 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 exceeded our growth in deposits of 24.1
million during the same period. 

The growth in our
average deposits and securities sold under agreements to repurchase compared to the growth in our average loans, net of the 36.5
million decline in PPP loans resulted in the excess funds being deployed in our securities portfolio. The yield on loans declined 20
basis points to 4.26 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 4.46 during the same period in 2021 due to reduction in
higher yielding PPP loans. The yield on Non-PPP loans was 4.26 during both the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021. Average securities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased 113.7 million, or 24.9 , to 570.6 million from
 456.8 million during the same period in 2021. Other short-term investments declined 22.9 million to 50.5 million during the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 73.4 million during the same period in 2021 due to the deployment of lower yielding
other short-term investments into higher yielding securities and loans. The yield on our securities portfolio increased to 1.97 for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 1.69 for the same period in 2021. The yield on our other short-term investments
increased to 1.25 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 0.18 for the same period in 2021 due to the Federal Open
Market Committee (FOMC) increasing the target range of federal funds during the twelve months of 2022 a total of 425 basis
points. The target range of federal funds was 4.25 - 4.50 at December 31, 2022 compared to compared to 0.00 - 0.25 at
December 31, 2021. 

49 

The yield on earning
assets for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3.32 and 3.35 , respectively. 

The cost of interest-bearing
liabilities was 30 basis points during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 24 basis points during the same period in
2021. The cost of deposits, including demand deposits, was 13 basis points during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared
to 13 basis points during the same period in 2021. The cost of funds, including demand deposits, was 21 basis points during the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 16 basis points during the same period in 2021. We continue to focus on growing our pure deposits
(demand deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits, money market accounts, IRAs, and customer cash management
repurchase agreements) as these accounts tend to be low-cost deposits and assist us in controlling our overall cost of funds. During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, these pure deposits averaged 92.2 of total deposits as compared to 90.6 during the same
period of 2021. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Net interest income
increased 5.3 million, or 13.1 , to 45.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 from 40.0 million for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2020. The yield on earning assets was 3.35 , and 3.65 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The rate paid on interest-bearing
liabilities was 0.24 , and 0.46 in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The fully taxable equivalent net interest margin was 3.23 in 2021 and
3.37 in 2020. 

Loans typically provide
a higher yield than other types of earning assets and, thus, one of our goals continues to be growing the loan portfolio as a percentage
of earning assets in order to improve the overall yield on earning assets and the net interest margin. Our average loan portfolio (including
loans held-for-sale) as a percentage of average earning assets was 62.6 in 2021 and 69.7 in 2020. Loans held-for-investment as a percentage
of earning assets declined to 58.2 at December 31, 2021 from 65.1 at December 31, 2020. Our loan (including loans held-for-sale) to
deposit ratio on average during 2021 was 68.8 , as compared to 76.8 during 2020. The loan to deposit ratio declined to 64.0 at December
31, 2021 as compared to 74.8 at December 31, 2020. This decline was due to our deposit growth of 171.9 million exceeding our loan (including
loans held-for-sale) decline of 18.4 million and loan (excluding loans held-for-sale) growth of 19.5 million from December 31, 2020
to December 31, 2021. 

Our net interest margin
declined by 15 basis points to 3.19 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 from 3.34 during the twelve months ended December
31, 2020. Our net interest margin, on a taxable equivalent basis, was 3.23 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to
3.37 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. Average earning assets increased 220.3 million, or 18.4 , to 1.4 billion for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1.2 billion in the same period of 2020. The increase in net interest income was due
to a higher level of average earning assets partially offset by lower net interest margin. The increase in average earning assets was
due to increases in loans, securities, and other short-term investments primarily due to Non-PPP loan growth, PPP loans, organic deposit
growth, and excess liquidity from PPP loan proceeds and other stimulus funds related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The decline in net interest
margin was primarily due to the Federal Reserve reducing the target range of the federal funds rate twice totaling 150 basis points during
the first quarter of 2020 and the excess liquidity generated from PPP loan proceeds and other stimulus funds related to the COVID-19
pandemic being deployed in lower yielding securities and other short-term investments. Lower market rates, the competitive loan pricing
environment, and the COVID-19 pandemic put downward pressure on our net interest margin during 2020 and 2021. 

The net interest margin
was positively affected by PPP loans and a 140 thousand interest recovery on a non-accrual loan that was successfully resolved during
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. We earned 3.3 million in PPP loan interest income, which includes 3.0 million in accretion
of PPP deferred fees net of deferred costs, on an average balance of 36.8 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared
to 1.1 million in PPP loan interest income, which includes 738 thousand in accretion of PPP deferred loan fees net of deferred costs,
on an average balance of 32.3 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. Excluding PPP loans, our net margin declined
by 31 basis points to 3.03 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 from 3.34 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020.
Excluding PPP loans, our net interest margin, on a taxable equivalent basis, was 3.07 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021
compared to 3.37 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. 

50 

Average loans increased
 53.9 million, or 6.5 , to 889.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 from 835.1 million for the same period in 2020.
Average PPP loans increased 4.5 million to 36.8 million and average Non-PPP loans increased 49.4 million to 852.1 million for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Average loans represented 62.6 of average earning assets during the twelve months ended December
31, 2021 compared to 69.7 of average earning assets during the same period in 2020. The decline in average loans as a percentage of
average earning assets was primarily due to increases in deposits of 205.3 million and securities sold under agreements to repurchase
of 12.7 million. The growth in our deposits and securities sold under agreements to repurchase was higher than the growth in our loans,
which resulted in the excess funds being deployed in our securities portfolio and other short-term investments and to reduce the amount
of our FHLB advances. The yield on loans increased two basis points to 4.46 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 from 4.44 
during the same period in 2020. Excluding PPP loans, the yield on Non-PPP loans declined 22 basis points to 4.26 during the twelve months
ended December 31, 2021 from 4.48 during the same period in 2020. The yield on loans during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021
also included 140 thousand in interest recoveries on a non-accrual relationship that was successfully resolved during the third quarter
of 2021. The yield on PPP loans was 9.07 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to 3.32 during the same period in
2020. PPP loans declined to 1.5 million at December 31, 2021 from 42.2 million at December 31, 2020 due to PPP loans forgiven through
the SBA PPP forgiveness process. When PPP loans are forgiven any remaining deferred fees net of deferred costs are recognized in interest
income through accelerated accretion of the deferred fees net of deferred costs. Interest income on PPP loans increased 2.3 million
to 3.3 million during the twelve months of 2021 from 1.1 million during the same period in 2020. The 3.3 million in interest income
on PPP loans during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 includes 3.0 million in accretion of deferred fees net of deferred costs. 

Average securities and
average other short-term investments for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 increased 155.9 million and 10.5 million, respectively,
from the prior year period. The yield on our securities portfolio declined to 1.69 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 from
2.15 for the same period in 2020; and the yield on our other short-term investments declined to 0.18 for the twelve months ended December
31, 2021 from 0.44 for the same period in 2020. These declines were primarily related to the Federal Reserve reducing the target range
of the federal funds rate as described above. The yield on earning assets for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was
3.35 and 3.65 , respectively. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities was at 24 basis points during the twelve months ended December
31, 2021 compared to 46 basis points during the same period in 2020. 

The cost of deposits,
including demand deposits, was 13 basis points during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to 28 basis points during the
same period in 2020. The cost of funds, including demand deposits, was 16 basis points during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021
compared to 33 basis points during the same period in 2020. We continue to focus on growing our pure deposits (demand deposits, interest-bearing
transaction accounts, savings deposits, money market accounts, and IRAs) as these accounts tend to be low-cost deposits and assist us
in controlling our overall cost of funds. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, these deposits averaged 90.1 of total deposits
as compared to 87.4 during the same period of 2020. This increase was due to PPP loan proceeds, other stimulus funds related to the
COVID-19 pandemic, and organic deposit growth. 

51 

Average
Balances, Income Expenses and Rates. The following table depicts, for the periods indicated,
certain information related to our average balance sheet and our average yields on assets and average costs of liabilities. Such yields
are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. Average balances have been
derived from daily averages. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Average Balance 
 Income/ Expense 
 Yield/ Rate 
 Average Balance 
 Income/ Expense 
 Yield/ Rate 
 Average Balance 
 Income/ Expense 
 Yield/ Rate 
 
 Assets 

Earning assets 

PPP loans 
 336 
 49 
 14.58 
 36,837 
 3,340 
 9.07 
 32,312 
 1,073 
 3.32 
 
 Non-PPP loans 
 920,043 
 39,185 
 4.26 
 852,136 
 36,331 
 4.26 
 802,779 
 35,964 
 4.48 
 
 Total loans (1) 
 920,379 
 39,234 
 4.26 
 888,973 
 39,671 
 4.46 
 835,091 
 37,037 
 4.44 
 
 Non-Taxable Securities 
 52,501 
 1,525 
 2.90 
 54,771 
 1,564 
 2.86 
 48,957 
 1,454 
 2.97 
 
 Taxable Securities 
 518,051 
 9,725 
 1.88 
 402,034 
 6,155 
 1.53 
 251,937 
 5,011 
 1.99 
 
 Int Bearing Deposits in Other Banks 
 50,435 
 633 
 1.26 
 72,823 
 130 
 0.18 
 62,313 
 275 
 0.44 
 
 Fed Funds Sold 
 15 
 
 0.00 
 564 
 
 0.00 
 590 
 1 
 0.14 
 
 Total earning assets 
 1,541,381 
 51,117 
 3.32 
 1,419,165 
 47,520 
 3.35 
 1,198,888 
 43,778 
 3.65 
 
 Cash and due from banks 
 27,034 

23,668 

15,552 

Premises and equipment 
 32,274 

33,780 

34,769 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 
 15,476 

15,649 

15,922 

Other assets 
 48,031 

38,846 

39,540 

Allowance for loan losses 
 (11,250 

(10,750 

(8,590 

Total assets 
 1,652,946 

1,520,358 

1,296,081 

Liabilities 

Interest-bearing liabilities 

Interest-bearing transaction accounts 
 336,115 
 273 
 0.08 
 303,633 
 196 
 0.06 
 246,385 
 284 
 0.12 
 
 Money market accounts 
 308,473 
 943 
 0.31 
 273,005 
 471 
 0.17 
 217,018 
 820 
 0.38 
 
 Savings deposits 
 157,626 
 102 
 0.06 
 134,980 
 78 
 0.06 
 113,255 
 84 
 0.07 
 
 Time deposits 
 146,112 
 531 
 0.36 
 158,053 
 995 
 0.63 
 166,791 
 1,833 
 1.10 
 
 Fed Funds Purchased 
 1,496 
 53 
 3.54 

0.00 
 7 
 
 0.00 
 
 Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 
 74,805 
 227 
 0.30 
 62,194 
 85 
 0.14 
 49,537 
 190 
 0.38 
 
 Other Short-Term Debt 
 9,457 
 370 
 3.91 

0.00 
 2,020 
 8 
 0.40 
 
 Other Long-Term Debt 
 14,964 
 675 
 4.51 
 14,964 
 416 
 2.78 
 14,964 
 536 
 3.58 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 1,049,048 
 3,174 
 0.30 
 946,829 
 2,241 
 0.24 
 809,977 
 3,755 
 0.46 
 
 Demand deposits 
 469,292 

423,056 

343,999 

Other liabilities 
 12,725 

12,607 

13,242 

Shareholders equity 
 121,881 

137,866 

128,863 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 1,652,946 

1,520,358 

1,296,081 

Cost of deposits, including demand deposits 

0.13 

0.13 

0.28 
 
 Cost of funds, including demand deposits 

0.21 

0.16 

0.33 
 
 Net interest spread 

3.01 

3.11 

3.19 
 
 Net interest income/margin 
 
 47,943 
 3.11 
 
 45,279 
 3.19 
 
 40,023 
 3.34 
 
 Net interest margin (tax equivalent) (2) 
 
 48,455 
 3.14 
 
 45,776 
 3.23 
 
 40,413 
 3.37 

(1) 
 All
 loans and deposits are domestic. Average loan balances include non-accrual loans and loans held for sale. 
 
 (2) 
 Based
 on a 21.0 marginal tax rate. 

52 

The following table
presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense attributable to changes in volume and the amount attributable
to changes in rate. The combined effect related to volume and rate which cannot be separately identified, has been allocated proportionately,
to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 

2022 versus 2021 Increase (decrease) due to 
 2021 versus 2020 Increase (decrease) due to 
 
 (In thousands) 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Net 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Net 
 
 Assets 

Earning assets 

Loans 
 1,636 
 (2,073 
 (437 
 2,403 
 231 
 2,634 
 
 Investment securities-taxable 
 (67 
 28 
 (39 
 163 
 (53 
 110 
 
 Investment securities- nontaxable 
 2,001 
 1,569 
 3,570 
 1,865 
 (721 
 1,144 
 
 Interest bearing deposits in other banks 
 (27 
 530 
 503 
 57 
 (202 
 (145 
 
 Fed Funds sold 

(1 
 (1 
 
 Total earning assets 
 4,048 
 (451 
 3,597 
 6,826 
 (3,084 
 3,742 
 
 Interest-bearing liabilities 

Interest-bearing transaction accounts 
 23 
 54 
 77 
 98 
 (186 
 (88 
 
 Money market accounts 
 68 
 404 
 472 
 315 
 (664 
 (349 
 
 Savings deposits 
 14 
 10 
 24 
 40 
 (46 
 (6 
 
 Time deposits 
 (70 
 (394 
 (464 
 (92 
 (746 
 (838 
 
 Fed funds purchased 
 53 
 
 53 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 20 
 122 
 142 
 69 
 (174 
 (105 
 
 Other short-term debt 
 370 
 
 370 
 (4 
 (4 
 (8 
 
 Other long-term debt 
 
 259 
 259 
 
 (120 
 (120 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 261 
 672 
 933 
 798 
 (2,312 
 (1,514 
 
 Net interest income 

2,664 

5,256 

Market
Risk and Interest Rate Sensitivity 

 Market risk reflects
the risk of economic loss resulting from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. The risk of loss can be measured in either
diminished current market values or reduced current and potential net income. Our primary market risk is interest rate risk. We have
established an Asset/Liability Management Committee (the ALCO to monitor and manage interest rate risk. The ALCO monitors
and manages the pricing and maturity of our assets and liabilities in order to diminish the potential adverse impact that changes in
interest rates could have on our net interest income. The ALCO has established policy guidelines and strategies with respect to interest
rate risk exposure and liquidity. 

We employ a monitoring
technique to measure our interest sensitivity gap, which is the positive or negative dollar difference between assets and
liabilities that are subject to interest rate repricing within a given period of time. Simulation modeling is performed to assess the
impact varying interest rates and balance sheet mix assumptions will have on net interest income. We model the impact on net interest
income for several different changes, to include a flattening, steepening and parallel shift in the yield curve. For each of these scenarios,
we model the impact on net interest income in an increasing and decreasing rate environment of 100 and 200 basis points. We also periodically
stress certain assumptions such as loan prepayment rates, deposit decay rates and interest rate betas to evaluate our overall sensitivity
to changes in interest rates. Policies have been established in an effort to maintain the maximum anticipated negative impact of these
modeled changes in net interest income at no more than 10 and 15 , respectively, in a 100 and 200 basis point change in interest rates
over a 12-month period. Interest rate sensitivity can be managed by repricing assets or liabilities, selling securities available-for-sale,
replacing an asset or liability at maturity or by adjusting the interest rate during the life of an asset or liability. Managing the
amount of assets and liabilities repricing in the same time interval helps to hedge the risk and minimize the impact on net interest
income of rising or falling interest rates. Neither the gap analysis or asset/liability modeling are precise indicators
of our interest sensitivity position due to the many factors that affect net interest income including, the timing, magnitude and frequency
of interest rate changes as well as changes in the volume and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 

53 

The following
table illustrates our interest rate sensitivity at December 31, 2022. 

 Interest
Sensitivity Analysis 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Within One Year 
 One to Three Years 
 Three to Five Years 
 Over Five Years 
 Total 
 
 Assets 

Earning assets 

Loans (1) 
 304,496 
 290,834 
 208,714 
 176,813 
 980,857 
 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 1,779 

1,779 
 
 Total Securities (2) 
 186,564 
 87,755 
 40,770 
 275,238 
 590,327 
 
 Federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell and other earning assets 
 12,687 

12,687 
 
 Total earning assets 
 505,526 
 378,589 
 249,484 
 452,051 
 1,585,650 
 
 Liabilities 

Interest bearing liabilities 

Interest bearing deposits 

Interest checking accounts 
 96,863 

236,035 
 332,898 
 
 Money market accounts 
 140,429 

154,794 
 295,223 
 
 Savings deposits 
 35,756 

127,656 
 163,412 
 
 Time deposits 
 104,563 
 24,634 
 3,641 
 1 
 132,839 
 
 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 377,611 
 24,634 
 3,641 
 518,486 
 924,372 
 
 Borrowings 
 155,707 

155,707 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 533,318 
 24,634 
 3,641 
 518,486 
 1,080,079 
 
 Period gap 
 (27,792 
 353,955 
 245,843 
 (66,435 
 505,571 
 
 Cumulative gap 
 (27,792 
 326,163 
 572,006 
 505,571 
 505,571 
 
 Ratio of cumulative gap to total earning assets 
 (5.50 
 36.89 
 50.46 
 31.88 
 31.88 

(1) 
 Loans
 classified as non-accrual as of December 31, 2022 are not included in the balances. 

(2) 
 Securities
 based on amortized cost. 

Based on the
many factors and assumptions used in simulating the effect of changes in interest rates, the following table estimates the hypothetical
percentage change in net interest income at December 31, 2022 and 2021 over the subsequent 12 months. At December 31, 2022, we are liability
sensitive and at December 31, 2021, we are asset sensitive. The primary driver for the change is decreased interest bearing cash balances
coupled with growth in the loan portfolio and short-term borrowings. As a result, our modeling at December 31, 2022, reflects a decrease
in net interest income in a rising interest rate environment during the first twelve months subsequent to interest rate changes. The
negative impact of rising rates reverses and net interest income is favorably impacted over a 24-month period. In a declining interest
rate environment, the model reflects increases in net interest income in the down 100 basis point and down 200 basis point scenarios.
At December 31, 2021, we are asset sensitive. As a result, our modeling reflects an increase in net interest income in a rising interest
rate environment and a reduction in net interest income in a declining interest rate environment. In a declining rate environment, the
decline in net interest income is primarily due to the level of interest rates being paid on our interest bearing transaction accounts
as well as money market accounts. The interest rates on these accounts are at a level where they cannot be repriced in proportion to
the change in interest rates. The increase and decrease of 100 and 200 basis points, respectively, reflected in the table below assume
a simultaneous and parallel change in interest rates along the entire yield curve. 

 Net
Interest Income Sensitivity 

Change in short-term interest rates 
 Hypothetical percentage change in net interest income December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 +200bp 
 -3.74 
 3.04 
 
 +100bp 
 -1.82 
 2.12 
 
 Flat 

-100bp 
 3.13 
 -5.12 
 
 -200bp 
 1.12 
 -9.81 

54 

During the second 12-month period after
100 basis point and 200 basis point simultaneous and parallel increases in interest rates along the entire yield curve, our net interest
income is projected to increase 3.44 and 6.13 , respectively, at December 31, 2022, and 7.82 and 15.00 , respectively, at December
31, 2021. During the second 12-month period after 100 basis point and 200 basis point simultaneous and parallel reduction in interest
rates along the entire yield curve, our net interest income is projected to decline 4.92 and 12.86 , respectively, at December 31, 2022,
and to decline 10.17 and 15.60 , respectively, at December 31, 2021. 

We perform a valuation
analysis projecting future cash flows from assets and liabilities to determine the Present Value of Equity PVE over a
range of changes in market interest rates. The sensitivity of PVE to changes in interest rates is a measure of the sensitivity of earnings
over a longer time horizon. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the PVE exposure in a plus 200 basis point increase in market interest rates
was estimated to increase 3.13 and 9.73 , respectively. The PVE exposure in a down 100 basis point decrease was estimated to decline
3.83 at December 31, 2022 compared to 9.86 at December 31, 2021. The PVE exposure in a down 200 basis point decrease was estimated
to decline 10.00 at December 31, 2022 compared to 21.79 at December 31, 2021. 

Provision
and Allowance for Loan Losses 

 Year
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

We account for our allowance
for loan losses under the incurred loss model. At December 31, 2022, the allowance for loan losses was 11.3 million, or 1.16 of total
loans (excluding loans held-for-sale), compared to 11.2 million, or 1.29 of total loans (excluding loans held-for-sale) at December
31, 2021. Excluding PPP loans and loans held-for-sale, the allowance for loan losses was 1.16 of total loans at December 31, 2022 compared
to 1.30 of total loans at December 31, 2021. The decline in the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans compared to
December 31, 2021 is primarily related to a reduction in the loss emergence period assumption in our COVID-19 qualitative factor, which
was added to our allowance for loan losses methodology during 2020 and is discussed below. The loss emergence assumption on our COVID-19
qualitative factor was reduced to zero months at December 31, 2022 from 21 months at December 31, 2021. This reduction was partially
offset by loan growth of 117.2 million; 309 thousand in net recoveries; an increase in our economic conditions qualitative factor by
six basis points due to higher inflation, supply chain bottlenecks, labor shortages in certain industries, and the war in Ukraine; an
increase in our change in staff qualitative factor by one basis point due to the addition of a new team and new market in York County,
South Carolina in March 2022; and an increase in our change in total of past due, rated, and non-accrual loans qualitative factor by
two basis points due to a 4.1 million loan being moved to non-accrual status in June 2022. This loan has a loan-to-value of 76.3 based
on an appraisal received in May 2022. 

During 2020, we added
a qualitative factor for the COVID-19 pandemic to our allowance for loan losses methodology. This qualitative factor was based on the
dollar amount of our deferrals and a one-year loss emergence period based on the highest period of annual historical loss rate since
the Bank s inception. As the pandemic worsened, we added our exposure to certain industry segments most impacted by the COVID-19
pandemic (hotels, restaurants, assisted living, and retail) to the COVID-19 qualitative factor and we extended the loss emergence period
to two years based on the highest two periods of annual historical loss rates since the Bank s inception. The loss emergence period
assumption in the COVID-19 qualitative factor was reduced to zero months at December 31, 2022 from 21 months at December 31, 2021. At
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the COVID-19 qualitative factor represented zero dollars and 1.9 million, respectively, of
our allowance for loan losses. 

Loans that we acquired
in our acquisition of Cornerstone Bancorp, otherwise referred to herein as Cornerstone, in 2017 as well as in our acquisition of Savannah
River Financial Corp., otherwise referred to herein as Savannah River, in 2014 are accounted for under FASB ASC 310-30. These acquired
loans were initially measured at fair value, which includes estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the
loans. The credit component on loans related to cash flows not expected to be collected is not subsequently accreted (non-accretable
difference) into interest income. Any remaining portion representing the excess of a loan s or pool s cash flows expected
to be collected over the fair value is accreted (accretable difference) into interest income. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the remaining credit component on loans attributable to acquired loans in the Cornerstone and Savannah River transactions was 81 thousand
and 130 thousand, respectively. 

Our provision for loan
losses was a credit of 152 thousand for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to an expense of 335 thousand during the
same period in 2021. The reduction in provision for loan losses is primarily related to a decrease in our COVID-19 qualitative factor
in our allowance for loan losses methodology and net recoveries during the twelve months of 2022, partially offset by increases in our
economic conditions, change in staff, and changes in past due, rated, and non-accrual loan qualitative factors and loan growth as discussed
above. 

55 

The allowance for loan
losses represents an amount that we believe will be adequate to absorb probable losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible.
Our judgment as to the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is based on assumptions about future events, which we believe to be
reasonable, but which may or may not prove to be accurate. Our determination of the allowance for loan losses is based on evaluations
of the collectability of loans, including consideration of factors such as the balance of impaired loans, the quality, mix, and size
of our overall loan portfolio, the knowledge and depth of lending personnel, economic conditions (local and national) that may affect
the borrower s ability to repay, the amount and quality of collateral securing the loans, our historical loan loss experience,
and a review of specific problem loans. We also consider qualitative factors such as changes in the lending policies and procedures,
changes in the local or national economies, changes in volume or type of credits, changes in volume/severity of problem loans, quality
of loan review and board of director oversight, and concentrations of credit. We charge recognized losses to the allowance and add subsequent
recoveries back to the allowance for loan losses. There can be no assurance that charge-offs of loans in future periods will not exceed
the allowance for loan losses as estimated at any point in time or that provisions for loan losses will not be significant to a particular
accounting period. 

We perform an analysis
quarterly to assess the risk within the loan portfolio. The portfolio is segregated into similar risk components for which historical
loss ratios are calculated and adjusted for identified changes in current portfolio characteristics. Historical loss ratios are calculated
by product type and by regulatory credit risk classification (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The annualized weighted
average loss ratios over the last 36 months for loans classified as substandard, special mention and pass have been approximately 0.00 ,
0.07 and 0.00 , respectively. The allowance consists of an allocated and unallocated allowance. The allocated portion is determined
by types and ratings of loans within the portfolio. The unallocated portion of the allowance is established for losses that exist in
the remainder of the portfolio and compensates for uncertainty in estimating the loan losses. The allocated portion of the allowance
is based on historical loss experience as well as certain qualitative factors as explained above. The qualitative factors have been established
based on certain assumptions made as a result of the current economic conditions and are adjusted as conditions change to be directionally
consistent with these changes. The unallocated portion of the allowance is composed of factors based on management s evaluation
of various conditions that are not directly measured in the estimation of probable losses through the experience formula or specific
allowances. The overall risk as measured in our three-year lookback, both quantitatively and qualitatively, does not encompass a full
economic cycle. Net charge-offs in the 2009 to 2011 period averaged 63 basis points annualized in our loan portfolio. Over the most recent
three-year period, our net charge-offs have experienced a modest net recovery. We currently believe the unallocated portion of our allowance
represents potential risk associated throughout a full economic cycle. 

We have a significant
portion of our loan portfolio with real estate as the underlying collateral. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately
90.8 and 90.9 , respectively, of the loan portfolio had real estate collateral. When loans, whether commercial or personal, are granted,
they are based on the borrower s ability to generate repayment cash flows from income sources sufficient to service the debt. Real
estate is generally taken to reinforce the likelihood of the ultimate repayment and as a secondary source of repayment. We work closely
with all our borrowers that experience cash flow or other economic problems, and we believe that we have the appropriate processes in
place to monitor and identify problem credits. There can be no assurance that charge-offs of loans in future periods will not exceed
the allowance for loan losses as estimated at any point in time or that provisions for loan losses will not be significant to a particular
accounting period. The allowance is also subject to examination and testing for adequacy by regulatory agencies, which may consider such
factors as the methodology used to determine adequacy and the size of the allowance relative to that of peer institutions. Such regulatory
agencies could require us to adjust our allowance based on information available to them at the time of their examination. 

The non-performing asset
ratio was 0.35 of total assets with the nominal level of 5.8 million in non-performing assets at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.09 
and 1.4 million at December 31, 2021. Non-accrual loans increased to 4.9 million at December 31, 2022 from 250 thousand at December
31, 2021. The increases in both non-performing assets and non-accrual loans from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 were due to one
 4.1 million loan that was moved to non-accrual status in June 2022. This loan had a loan-to-value of 76.3 at the time it was moved
to non-accrual based on an appraisal received in May 2022. The balance of this loan is 4.0 million at December 31, 2022. Furthermore,
we had one customer relationship with two loans totaling 508 thousand, which was placed on non-accrual during September 2022. This relationship
had a loan-to-value of 42.5 at the time it was moved to non-accrual. The balance of this relationship increased to 550 thousand at
December 31, 2022 due to a loan advance to pay real estate taxes. We had 2 thousand in accruing loans past due 90 days or more at December
31, 2022 compared to zero at December 31, 2021. Loans past due 30 days or more represented 0.06 of the loan portfolio at December 31,
2022 compared to 0.03 at December 31, 2021. The ratio of classified loans plus OREO and repossessed assets declined to 4.47 of
total bank regulatory risk-based capital at December 31, 2022 from 6.27 at December 31, 2021. During the twelve months ended December
31, 2022, we experienced net loan recoveries of 361 thousand and net overdraft charge-offs of 52 thousand. 

56 

There were 12 loans
totaling 4.9 million (0.50 of total loans) included on non-performing status (non-accrual loans and loans past due 90 days and still
accruing) at December 31, 2022. Ten of these loans totaling 4.9 million were on non-accrual status. The largest loan included on non-accrual
status is in the amount of 4.0 million and is secured by a first mortgage lien and had a loan-to-value of 76.3 at the time it was moved
to non-accrual based on an appraisal received in May 2022. The average balance of the remaining nine loans on non-accrual status is approximately
 104 thousand with a range between 1 and 406 thousand. Five of these loans are secured by first mortgage liens, three loans are secured
by second mortgage liens, and one is secured by equipment. Furthermore, we had 88 thousand in accruing trouble debt restructurings,
or TDRs, at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.4 million at December 31, 2021. This reduction was due to the payoff of one loan. We had
two loans totaling 2 thousand that were accruing loans past due 90 days or more at December 31, 2022. We consider a loan impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due, including both principal and
interest, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Nonaccrual loans and accruing TDRs are considered impaired. At December
31, 2022, we had 11 impaired loans totaling 5.0 million compared to ten impaired loans totaling 1.7 million at December 31, 2021. These
loans were measured for impairment under the fair value of collateral method or present value of expected cash flows method. For collateral
dependent loans, the fair value of collateral method is used and the fair value is determined by an independent appraisal less estimated
selling costs. There was no specific allowance for loan and lease losses on our impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021. At December 31, 2022, we had ten loans totaling 565 thousand that were delinquent 30 days to 89 days representing 0.06 of total
loans compared to 235 thousand or 0.03 of total loans at December 31, 2021. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

At December 31, 2021,
the allowance for loan losses was 11.2 million, or 1.29 of total loans (excluding loans held-for-sale), compared to 10.4 million,
or 1.23 of total loans (excluding loans held-for-sale) at December 31, 2020. Excluding PPP loans and loans held-for-sale, the allowance
for loan losses was 1.30 of total loans at December 31, 2021 compared to 1.30 of total loans at December 31, 2020. The increase in
the allowance for loan losses compared to December 31, 2020 is primarily related to loan growth of 19.5 million; 455 thousand in net
recoveries; an increase in our economic conditions qualitative factor by four basis points during 2021 due to higher inflation, supply
chain bottlenecks, and labor shortages in certain industries; and a one basis point increase in our change in legal or regulatory requirements
qualitative factor. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in the loss emergence period assumption on our COVID-19 qualitative
factor, which was added to our allowance for loan losses methodology during 2020, to 21 months at December 31, 2021 from 24 months at
December 31, 2020. At June 30, 2021, we reduced the loss emergence period in the COVID-19 qualitative factor to 18 months from 24 months
due to a reduction in the number of COVID-19 related cases, hospitalizations, and deaths within our markets. However, we increased the
loss emergence period to 21 months at December 31, 2021 due to the prevalence of the highly transmittable COVID-19 Omicron variant. 

Loans that we acquired
in our acquisition of Cornerstone Bancorp, otherwise referred to herein as Cornerstone, in 2017 as well as in our acquisition of Savannah
River Financial Corp., otherwise referred to herein as Savannah River, in 2014 are accounted for under FASB ASC 310-30. These acquired
loans were initially measured at fair value, which includes estimated future credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the
loans. The credit component on loans related to cash flows not expected to be collected is not subsequently accreted (non-accretable
difference) into interest income. Any remaining portion representing the excess of a loan s or pool s cash flows expected
to be collected over the fair value is accreted (accretable difference) into interest income. At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020,
the remaining credit component on loans attributable to acquired loans in the Cornerstone and Savannah River transactions was 130 thousand
and 264 thousand, respectively. 

Our provision for loan
losses was 335 thousand for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to 3.7 million during the same period in 2020. The decline
in the provision for loan losses is primarily related to an increase during the twelve months of 2020 in the qualitative factors in our
allowance for loan losses methodology related to the deteriorating economic conditions and economic uncertainties caused by the COVID-19
pandemic. As discussed above, during the twelve months of 2020, we added a qualitative factor for the COVID-19 pandemic to our allowance
for loan losses methodology. This new qualitative factor was based on the dollar amount of our deferrals and a one-year loss emergence
period based on the highest period of annual historical loss rate since the Bank s inception. As the pandemic worsened, we added
our exposure to certain industry segments most impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic (hotels, restaurants, assisted living, and retail) to
the COVID-19 qualitative factor and we extended the loss emergence period to two years based on the highest two periods of annual historical
loss rates since the Bank s inception. At December 31, 2021, the COVID-19 qualitative factor represented 1.9 million of our allowance
for loan losses. 

We also recognized 455
thousand in net recoveries during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. These items were partially offset by 19.5 million in loan
growth; a four basis points increase (two basis points at June 30, 2021 and two basis points at September 30, 2021) in our qualitative
factor related to economic conditions due to an increase in inflation, supply chain bottlenecks, and labor shortages in our markets;
and a one basis point increase in our change in legal or regulatory requirements qualitative factor at December 31, 2021 due to the resignation
of the Chair of the FDIC on December 31, 2021, which may lead to regulatory changes that negatively affect banks. 

57 

The allowance for loan
losses represents an amount which we believe will be adequate to absorb probable losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible.
Our judgment as to the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is based on assumptions about future events, which we believe to be
reasonable, but which may or may not prove to be accurate. Our determination of the allowance for loan losses is based on evaluations
of the collectability of loans, including consideration of factors such as the balance of impaired loans, the quality, mix, and size
of our overall loan portfolio, the knowledge and depth of lending personnel, economic conditions (local and national) that may affect
the borrower s ability to repay, the amount and quality of collateral securing the loans, our historical loan loss experience,
and a review of specific problem loans. We also consider qualitative factors such as changes in the lending policies and procedures,
changes in the local or national economies, changes in volume or type of credits, changes in volume/severity of problem loans, quality
of loan review and board of director oversight, and concentrations of credit. We charge recognized losses to the allowance and add subsequent
recoveries back to the allowance for loan losses. There can be no assurance that charge-offs of loans in future periods will not exceed
the allowance for loan losses as estimated at any point in time or that provisions for loan losses will not be significant to a particular
accounting period. 

We perform an analysis
quarterly to assess the risk within the loan portfolio. The portfolio is segregated into similar risk components for which historical
loss ratios are calculated and adjusted for identified changes in current portfolio characteristics. Historical loss ratios are calculated
by product type and by regulatory credit risk classification (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The annualized weighted
average loss ratios over the last 36 months for loans classified as substandard, special mention and pass have been approximately 0.18 ,
0.03 and 0.00 , respectively. The allowance consists of an allocated and unallocated allowance. The allocated portion is determined
by types and ratings of loans within the portfolio. The unallocated portion of the allowance is established for losses that exist in
the remainder of the portfolio and compensates for uncertainty in estimating the loan losses. The allocated portion of the allowance
is based on historical loss experience as well as certain qualitative factors as explained above. The qualitative factors have been established
based on certain assumptions made as a result of the current economic conditions and are adjusted as conditions change to be directionally
consistent with these changes. The unallocated portion of the allowance is composed of factors based on management s evaluation
of various conditions that are not directly measured in the estimation of probable losses through the experience formula or specific
allowances. The overall risk as measured in our three-year lookback, both quantitatively and qualitatively, does not encompass a full
economic cycle. Net charge-offs in the 2009 to 2011 period averaged 63 basis points annualized in our loan portfolio. Over the most recent
three-year period, our net charge-offs have experienced a modest net recovery. We currently believe the unallocated portion of our allowance
represents potential risk associated throughout a full economic cycle. 

We have a significant
portion of our loan portfolio with real estate as the underlying collateral. At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, approximately
90.9 and 87.5 , respectively, of the loan portfolio had real estate collateral. The increase in the percent of our loan portfolio with
real estate as the underlying collateral is due to a 46.1 million increase in loans with real estate as the underlying collateral and
a 40.8 million decline in PPP loans, which declined to 1.5 million at December 31, 2021 from 42.2 at December 31, 2020. When loans,
whether commercial or personal, are granted, they are based on the borrower s ability to generate repayment cash flows from income
sources sufficient to service the debt. Real estate is generally taken to reinforce the likelihood of the ultimate repayment and as a
secondary source of repayment. We work closely with all our borrowers that experience cash flow or other economic problems, and we believe
that we have the appropriate processes in place to monitor and identify problem credits. There can be no assurance that charge-offs of
loans in future periods will not exceed the allowance for loan losses as estimated at any point in time or that provisions for loan losses
will not be significant to a particular accounting period. The allowance is also subject to examination and testing for adequacy by regulatory
agencies, which may consider such factors as the methodology used to determine adequacy and the size of the allowance relative to that
of peer institutions. Such regulatory agencies could require us to adjust our allowance based on information available to them at the
time of their examination. 

The non-performing asset
ratio was 0.09 of total assets with the nominal level of 1.4 million in non-performing assets at December 31, 2021 compared to 0.50 
and 7.0 million at December 31, 2020. The decline in the non-performing asset ratio was related to the successful resolution of several
non-accrual and accruing loans past due of 90 days or more. Non-accrual loans declined 4.3 million to 250 thousand at December 31,
2021 from 4.6 million at December 31, 2020. Accruing loans past due 90 days or more declined to none at December 31, 2021 from 1.3
million at December 31, 2020. Loans past due 30 days or more represented 0.03 of the loan portfolio at December 31, 2021 compared to
0.23 at December 31, 2020. The ratio of classified loans plus OREO and repossessed assets declined to 6.27 of total bank regulatory
risk-based capital at December 31, 2021 from 6.89 at December 31, 2020. 

58 

There were seven loans
totaling 250 thousand (0.03 of total loans) included on non-performing status (non-accrual loans and loans past due 90 days and still
accruing) at December 31, 2021. All seven of these loans were on non-accrual status. The largest loan included on non-accrual status
is in the amount of 103 thousand. The average balance of the remaining six loans on non-accrual status is approximately 25 thousand
with a range between 3 and 87 thousand, and the majority of these loans are secured by first mortgage liens. Furthermore, we had 1.4
million in accruing trouble debt restructurings, or TDRs, at December 31, 2021 compared to 1.6 million at December 31, 2020. We consider
a loan impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due, including
both principal and interest, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Nonaccrual loans and accruing TDRs are considered
impaired. At December 31, 2021, we had 10 impaired loans totaling 1.7 million compared to 23 impaired loans totaling 6.1 million at
December 31, 2020. These loans were measured for impairment under the fair value of collateral method or present value of expected cash
flows method. For collateral dependent loans, the fair value of collateral method is used and the fair value is determined by an independent
appraisal less estimated selling costs. At December 31, 2021, we had loans totaling 235 thousand that were delinquent 30 days to 89
days representing 0.03 of total loans compared to 665 thousand or 0.08 of total loans at December 31, 2020. 

Beginning in March 2020,
we proactively offered payment deferrals for up to 90 days to our loan customers regardless of the impact of the pandemic on their business
or personal finances. As a result of payments being resumed at the conclusion of their payment deferral period, loans in which
payments were being deferred decreased from the peak of 206.9 million to 175.0 million at June 30, 2020, to 27.3 million at September
30, 2020, to 16.1 million at December 31, 2020, to 8.7 million at March 31, 2021, to 4.5 million at June 30, 2021, to 4.1 million
at September 30, 2021, and to zero at December 31, 2021. We had no loans on which payments have been deferred at December 31, 2021 compared
to 16.1 million at December 31, 2020. The 16.1 million in deferrals at December 31, 2020 consisted of seven loans on which only principal
was being deferred. Our management continuously monitors non-performing, classified and past due loans to identify deterioration regarding
the condition of these loans and we will continue to monitor our loan portfolio for potential risks. 

The following
table summarizes the activity related to our allowance for loan losses. 

 Allowance
for Loan Losses 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Average loans outstanding (excluding loans held-for-sale) 
 914,569 
 871,551 
 806,583 
 
 Loans outstanding at period end (excluding loans held-for-sale) 
 980,857 
 863,702 
 844,157 
 
 Total nonaccrual loans 
 4,895 
 250 
 4,562 
 
 Loans past due 90 days and still accruing 
 2 
 
 1,260 
 
 Beginning balance of allowance 
 11,179 
 10,389 
 6,627 
 
 Loans charged-off: 

1-4 family residential mortgage 

Real Estate - Construction 

2 
 
 Real Estate Mortgage - Residential 

Real Estate Mortgage - Commercial 
 
 110 
 1 
 
 Consumer - Home equity 
 1 

Commercial 

Consumer - Other 
 67 
 72 
 107 
 
 Overdrafts 

Total loans charged-off 
 68 
 182 
 110 
 
 Recoveries: 

1-4 family residential mortgage 

Real Estate - Construction 
 5 
 
 2 
 
 Real Estate Mortgage - Residential 
 
 10 

Real Estate Mortgage - Commercial 
 326 
 473 
 23 
 
 Consumer - Home equity 
 13 
 69 
 2 
 
 Commercial 
 17 
 39 
 130 
 
 Consumer - Other 
 16 
 46 
 52 
 
 Total recoveries 
 377 
 637 
 209 
 
 Net loans recovered (charged off) 
 309 
 455 
 99 
 
 Provision for (release of) loan losses 
 (152 
 335 
 3,663 
 
 Balance at period end 
 11,336 
 11,179 
 10,389 
 
 Net charge -offs (recoveries) to average loans and loans held for sale 
 (0.03 
 (0.05 
 (0.01 
 
 Allowance as percent of total loans 
 1.16 
 1.29 
 1.23 
 
 Non-performing loans as of total loans 
 0.59 
 0.09 
 0.50 
 
 Allowance as of non-performing loans 
 194.41 
 4,471.60 
 178.23 
 
 Nonaccrual loans as of total loans 
 0.50 
 0.03 
 0.54 
 
 Allowance as of nonaccrual loans 
 231.58 
 4,473.93 
 227.79 

59 

The following table
details net charge-offs to average loans outstanding by loan category for the years ended December 31: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Commercial, financial agricultural 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) 
 (17 
 (39 
 (130 
 
 Average loans for the year 
 71,999 
 98,301 
 82,191 
 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries)/average loans 
 (0.02 
 (0.04 
 (0.16 
 
 Real estate: 

Construction 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) 
 (5 

Average loans for the year 
 91,258 
 98,196 
 86,089 
 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries)/average loans 
 (0.01 
 0.00 
 0.00 
 
 Mortgage-residential 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) 
 
 (10 

Average loans for the year (1) 
 49,278 
 42,880 
 46,024 
 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries)/average loans (1) 
 0.00 
 (0.02 
 0.00 
 
 Mortgage-commercial 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) 
 (326 
 (363 
 (22 
 
 Average loans for the year 
 662,044 
 597,721 
 555,090 
 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries)/average loans 
 (0.05 
 (0.06 
 0.00 
 
 Consumer: 

Home Equity 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) 
 (12 
 (69 
 (2 
 
 Average loans for the year 
 27,479 
 26,399 
 27,904 
 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries)/average loans 
 (0.04 
 (0.26 
 (0.01 
 
 Other 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) 
 51 
 26 
 55 
 
 Average loans for the year 
 12,511 
 8,054 
 9,286 
 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries)/average loans 
 0.41 
 0.32 
 0.59 
 
 Total: 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) 
 (309 
 (455 
 (99 
 
 Average loans for the year (1) 
 914,569 
 871,551 
 806,583 
 
 Net charge-offs (recoveries)/average loans (1) 
 (0.03 
 (0.05 
 (0.01 

(1) 
 Average
 loans exclude loans held for sale 

The following table
presents an allocation of the allowance for loan losses at the end of each of the past three years. The allocation is calculated on an
approximate basis and is not necessarily indicative of future losses or allocations. The entire amount is available to absorb losses
occurring in any category of loans. 

Allocation
of the Allowance for Loan Losses 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 
 of loans in 
 category 
 Amount 
 
 of loans in 
 category 
 Amount 
 
 of loans in 
 category 
 
 Commercial, Financial and Agricultural 
 849 
 7.9 
 853 
 8.1 
 778 
 8.0 
 
 Real Estate Construction 
 75 
 0.7 
 113 
 1.1 
 145 
 1.5 
 
 Real Estate Mortgage: 

Commercial 
 8,569 
 80.1 
 8,570 
 81.2 
 7,855 
 80.4 
 
 Residential 
 1,037 
 9.7 
 893 
 8.4 
 865 
 8.8 
 
 Consumer 
 170 
 1.6 
 126 
 1.2 
 125 
 1.3 
 
 Unallocated 
 636 
 N/A 
 624 
 N/A 
 621 
 N/A 
 
 Total 
 11,336 
 100.0 
 11,179 
 100.0 
 10,389 
 100.0 

60 

Loans acquired
in the Cornerstone transaction are excluded from our evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance as they were measured at fair value
at acquisition. The assumptions used in this evaluation included a credit component and an interest rate component. These loans amounted
to approximately 5.5 million and 9.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Accrual of interest
is discontinued on loans when we believe, after considering economic and business conditions and collection efforts that a borrower s
financial condition is such that the collection of interest is doubtful. A delinquent loan is generally placed in nonaccrual status when
it becomes 90 days or more past due. At the time a loan is placed in nonaccrual status, all interest, which has been accrued on the loan
but remains unpaid, is reversed and deducted from earnings as a reduction of reported interest income. No additional interest is accrued
on the loan balance until the collection of both principal and interest becomes reasonably certain. 

 Non-interest
Income and Expense 

 Non-interest
Income. A significant source of noninterest income is service charges on deposit accounts. We
also originate and sell residential loans on a servicing released basis in the secondary market. These loans are originated in our name.
The loans have locked in price commitments to be purchased by investors at the time of closing. Therefore, these loans present very little
market risk for us. We typically deliver to, and receive funding from, the investor within 30 days. Other sources of noninterest income
are derived from investment advisory fees and commissions on non-deposit investment products, ATM/debit card fees, commissions on check
sales, safe deposit box rent, wire transfer and official check fees. 

Non-interest income
during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 11.6 million compared to 13.9 million during the same period in 2021. Deposit
service charges declined 17 thousand to 960 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 977 thousand during the
same period in 2021 primarily due to customer refunds related to the completion of a project to discontinue multiple presentments on
consumer returns and refund customers in a determined lookback period of two years. A total of 39 thousand was refunded
to 477 accounts 24 thousand was refunded to 313 active accounts and 15 thousand was refunded to 164 closed accounts). Furthermore,
effective July 1, 2022, we increased the NSF de minimis amount to 50 from 5 and reduced our maximum fee per day to 140 from 210,
each of which will impact our future aggregate deposit service charges. Mortgage banking income declined by 2.4 million to 1.9 million
during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 4.3 million during the same period in 2021. Mortgage production during the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022 was 88.6 million, 65.8 million of the production was originated to be sold in the secondary market and
 22.8 million of the production was originated as adjustable rate mortgage (ARM) loans for our loans held-for-investment portfolio, compared
to 142.1 million, which was all produced to be sold in the secondary market during the same period in 2021. The gain on sale margin
decreased to 2.85 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 3.04 during the same period in 2021. The reduction in mortgage
production was primarily due to a higher interest rate environment and low housing inventory. With the headwinds of rising interest rates,
we began to market an ARM product during the second quarter of 2022 to provide borrowers with an alternative to fixed-rate mortgages
and to help offset anticipated mortgage production challenges. Currently, we are offering 5/1, 7/1, and 10/1 ARM loans that are originated
for our loans held-for-investment portfolio. As these ARM loans are being held on our balance sheet as loans held-for-investment, the
result is additive to loan growth and interest income but results in less gain on sale fee income, which is reported in noninterest income
as mortgage banking income. 

Investment advisory
fees increased 484 thousand to 4.5 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 4.0 million during the same period
in 2021. Total assets under management declined to 558.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 650.9 million at December 31, 2021.
While revenue in our financial planning and investment management line of business increased during the twelve months of 2022 compared
to the same period in 2021, assets under management (AUM) declined due to the stock market performance in the twelve months of 2022.
Our investment advisory fees trail changes in AUM. Management continues to focus on both the mortgage banking income as well as the investment
advisory fees and commissions. Gain (loss) on sale of other real estate owned was a loss of 45 thousand during the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 compared to a gain of 77 thousand during the same period in 2021. The 45 thousand loss was related to the sale of
one other real estate owned property during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Gain (loss) on sale of other assets was a loss
of 73 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to a gain of 117 thousand during the same period in 2021.
The 73 thousand loss in 2022 was related to the sale of one bank owned premise during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The
 117 thousand gain in 2021 was related to a 104 thousand gain on sale of bank premise held-for-sale and a 13 thousand gain on the sale
of bank owned land during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Other non-recurring income declined 164 thousand to 7 thousand
during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 171 thousand during the same period in 2021. The reduction in other non-recurring
income was related to the collection of 147 thousand in summary judgments related to two loans charged off at a bank, which we subsequently
acquired and 24 thousand in gains on insurance proceeds during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. We recorded 7 thousand in
other non-recurring income related to gains on insurance proceeds during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

61 

Non-interest income,
other increased 93 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increases
in ATM/debit card income of 37 thousand, recurring income on bank owned life insurance of 28 thousand, rental income of 11 thousand,
wire transfer fees of 14 thousand, and bankcard fees of 14 thousand partially offset by lower customer check sales of 19 thousand. 

Non-interest income
during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was 13.9 million compared to 13.8 million during the same period in 2020. Deposit
service charges declined 144 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily
due to lower overdraft fees. Mortgage banking income declined by 1.2 million to 4.3 million during the twelve months ended December
31, 2021 from 5.6 million during the same period in 2020 due to a reduction in mortgage production partially offset by an increase in
the gain-on-sale margin. Mortgage production during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was 142.1 million compared to 199.3 million
during the same period in 2020. The gain on sale margin was 3.04 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2.79 during
the same period in 2020. The gain on sale margin was limited during 2020 and the first quarter of 2021 as we worked on certain loans
not yet sold, in an effort to resolve processing and delivery issues. 

Investment advisory
fees increased 1.3 million to 4.0 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 from 2.7 million during the same period
in 2020. Total assets under management increased to 650.9 million at December 31, 2021 compared to 501.6 million at December 31, 2020
due to both organic growth and higher equity markets. Management continues to focus on increasing both the mortgage banking income as
well as the investment advisory fees and commissions. 

We had no gain on sale
of securities during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to 99 thousand during the same period in 2020. We had a (i)
 13 thousand gain on the sale of bank owned land during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to zero during the prior year
period; (ii) 104 thousand gain on the sale of bank premises held-for-sale during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared
to zero during the prior year period; and (iii) 77 thousand gain on sale of other real estate owned during the twelve months ended December
31, 2021 compared to 147 thousand during the prior year period. Other non-recurring income includes a 24 thousand gain on insurance
proceeds during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to zero during the prior year period; 147 thousand received from
the collection of summary judgments during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 related to two loans charged off at a bank we acquired;
 311 thousand in non-recurring bank owned life insurance (BOLI) income during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. The 311 thousand
in non-recurring BOLI income was due to insurance benefits on two former members of the boards of directors of acquired banks who passed
away during the third quarter of 2020. 

Non-interest income,
other increased 434 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due increases
in ATM debit card income of 412 thousand and rental income of 40 thousand partially offset by lower recurring BOLI income of 31 thousand
and lower loan late charges of 33 thousand. 

The following table
sets forth for the periods indicated the primary components of noninterest income: 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Deposit service charges 
 960 
 977 
 1,121 
 
 Mortgage banking income 
 1,900 
 4,319 
 5,557 
 
 Investment advisory fees and non-deposit commissions 
 4,479 
 3,995 
 2,720 
 
 Gain on sale of securities 

99 
 
 Gain (loss) on sale of other real estate owned 
 (45 
 77 
 147 
 
 Gain on sale of other assets 
 (73 
 117 

Other non-recurring income 
 7 
 171 
 311 
 
 ATM debit card income 
 2,706 
 2,669 
 2,257 
 
 Recurring income on bank owned life insurance 
 721 
 693 
 724 
 
 Rental income 
 322 
 311 
 271 
 
 Loan late charges 
 68 
 68 
 101 
 
 Safe deposit fees 
 56 
 59 
 55 
 
 Wire transfer fees 
 132 
 118 
 93 
 
 Other 
 336 
 330 
 313 
 
 Total 
 11,569 
 13,904 
 13,769 

Non-interest
Expense. In the very competitive financial services industry, we recognize the need to place
a great deal of emphasis on expense management and continually evaluate and monitor growth in discretionary expense categories in order
to control future increases. 

62 

Non-interest expense
increased 2.1 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 to 41.3 million compared to 39.2 million during the same period
in 2021. The 2.1 million increase in non-interest expense is primarily related to increased salaries and employee benefits expense of
 863 thousand, increased occupancy expense of 55 thousand, increased equipment expense of 47 thousand, increased marketing and public
relations expense of 86 thousand, increased legal and professional fees of 299 thousand, increased ATM/debit card and data processing
expense of 428 thousand, increased other real estate expense including other real estate write-downs of 203 thousand, increased fraud
expense of 106 thousand, increased travel, meals, and entertainment expense of 103 thousand, and increased postage / courier expense
of 118 thousand partially offset by lower FDIC assessments of 150 thousand, lower amortization of intangibles of 43 thousand, and
lower loan processing costs of 63 thousand. 

Salary
 and benefit expense increased 863 thousand to 25.4 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from 24.5 million
 during the same period in 2021. This increase is primarily a result of normal salary adjustments, financial planning and investment
 advisory commissions, the addition of six employees in our York County, South Carolina office, which opened as a loan production
 office on March 14, 2022 and converted to a full service branch on October 20, 2022, the addition of new mortgage lenders in the
 third quarter of 2022, and increased compensation levels for banking officer employees implemented at the beginning of the third
 quarter of 2022 partially offset by lower mortgage commissions and open positions. We had 254 full-time employees at December 31,
 2022 compared to 250 at December 31, 2021. 

Occupancy
 expense increased 55 thousand to 3.0 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2.9 million during the
 same period in 2021 primarily related to major maintenance projects and our loan production office in York County, South Carolina
 (which converted to a full service branch on October 20, 2022) partially offset by lower janitorial services expense and lower bank
 premises taxes due to the sale of one bank owned property in 2022 and two bank owned properties in 2021. 

Equipment
 expense increased 47 thousand to 1.3 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.3 million during the
 same period in 2021 primarily due to increases in auto expense and ATM and security monitoring service agreements. 

Marketing
 and public relations expense increased 86 thousand to 1.3 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to
 1.2 million during the same period in 2021 due to larger media schedules including activity in our new York County, South Carolina
 market. 

FDIC
 assessments declined 150 thousand to 468 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 618 thousand during
 the same period in 2021 due to a reduction in our FDIC assessment rate. 

Other
 real estate expenses increased 203 thousand to 308 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 105 thousand
 during the same period in 2021 due to the accrual of 210 thousand in 2022 real estate taxes on one non-accrual loan and 69 thousand
 in write-downs on two other real estate owned properties during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 50 thousand
 in write-downs during the same period in 2021. 

Amortization
 of intangibles declined 43 thousand to 158 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 201 thousand
 during the same period in 2021. 

Other
 expense increased 991 thousand to 9.4 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 8.4 million during
 the same period in 2021. 

o 
 ATM/debit
 card and data processing expense increased 428 thousand primarily due to higher ATM debit card customer activity, core processing
 system expenses, and enhanced technology solutions. 

o 
 Fraud
 expense increased 106 thousand primarily related to an isolated fraud incident. 

o 
 Travel,
 meals, and entertainment increased 103 thousand due to more in-person meetings from eased COVID-19 restrictions. 

o 
 Postage
 and courier expense increased 118 thousand partially due to higher fuel costs. 

o 
 Legal
 and professional fees increased 299 thousand primarily due to higher legal, professional, recruiting, and consulting fees. 

o 
 Loan
 processing and closing costs/fees declined 63 thousand primarily due to lower mortgage loan processing costs. 

Non-interest expense
increased 1.7 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 to 39.2 million compared to 37.5 million during the same period
in 2020. Salary and benefit expense increased 468 thousand to 24.5 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 from 24.0
million during the same period in 2020. This increase is primarily a result of the normal salary adjustments and increased financial
planning and investment advisory commissions. We had 250 employees at December 31, 2021 compared to 244 at December 31, 2020. Occupancy
expense increased 238 thousand to 2.9 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2.7 million during the
same period in 2020. Marketing and public relations expense increased 130 thousand to 1.2 million during the twelve months ended December
31, 2021 from 1.0 million during the same period in 2020 due to the production of new ad campaigns and related creative materials. FDIC
assessments increased 214 thousand due to a higher assessment rate in 2021 related to a decrease in our leverage ratio and an increase
in our assessment base due to higher average assets as well as 39 thousand of small bank assessment credits utilized in the twelve months
ended December 31, 2020. The reduction in our leverage ratio and the increase in our assessment base were partially related to PPP loans
and the excess liquidity generated from PPP loan proceeds and other stimulus funds related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, we
received FDIC small bank assessment credits during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 compared to none during the same period
in 2021. The FDIC small bank assessment credits were fully utilized during the first quarter of 2020. Other real estate expense declined
 96 thousand to 105 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to 201 thousand during the same period in 2020.
Amortization of intangibles declined 162 thousand to 201 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 compared to 363
thousand during the same period in 2020. 

63 

Non-interest expense,
other increased 816 thousand during the 12 months ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020 primarily due to increased
director fees and benefits of 165 thousand, increased third party broker dealer expenses of 90 thousand related to our higher investment
advisory fees and non-deposit commissions, and increased ATM/debit card and computer processing expense of 700 thousand due to higher
ATM/debit card transactions, which resulted in higher income and expense, partially offset by lower legal and professional fees of 180
thousand. 

The following
table sets forth for the periods indicated the primary components of noninterest expense: 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Salary and employee benefits 
 25,357 
 24,494 
 24,026 
 
 Occupancy 
 3,002 
 2,947 
 2,709 
 
 Furniture and Equipment 
 1,343 
 1,296 
 1,237 
 
 Marketing and public relations 
 1,259 
 1,173 
 1,043 
 
 FDIC/FICO premium 
 468 
 618 
 404 
 
 Other real estate expenses including OREO write downs 
 308 
 105 
 201 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 158 
 201 
 363 
 
 ATM/debit card and data processing 
 4,251 
 3,823 
 3,123 
 
 Investment advisory and non-deposit expense 
 409 
 420 
 330 
 
 Supplies 
 134 
 116 
 138 
 
 Telephone 
 354 
 365 
 350 
 
 Courier 
 279 
 181 
 176 
 
 Correspondent services 
 303 
 280 
 272 
 
 Insurance 
 358 
 325 
 316 
 
 Legal and Professional fees 
 1,177 
 878 
 1,058 
 
 Director fees 
 488 
 500 
 336 
 
 Shareholder expense 
 221 
 212 
 192 
 
 Other 
 1,384 
 1,267 
 1,260 

41,253 
 39,201 
 37,534 

Data
processing includes core processing, bill payment, online banking, remote deposit capture, and postage costs for mailing customer notices
and statements. 

Income
Tax Expense 

 Our income tax
expense for 2022 was 3.8 million as compared to income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 4.2 million and 2.5
million for the year ended December 31, 2020 (see Note 14 Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information). We recognize deferred tax assets for future deductible amounts resulting from differences in the financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and operating loss carry forwards. The deferred tax assets are established based
on the amounts expected to be paid/recovered at existing tax rates. A valuation allowance is established to reduce the deferred tax
asset to the level that it is more likely than not that the tax benefit will be realized. Our effective tax rate was 20.6 during
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 21.3 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and compared to 19.8 
during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. The reduction in our effective tax rate in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to lower
net income before tax and a 153 thousand non-recurring reduction to income tax expense during the twelve months ended December 31,
2022. As a result of our current level of tax-exempt securities in our investment portfolio and our BOLI holdings, assuming the
current corporate rate remains unchanged, our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 21.25 to 21.75 . 

Financial
Position 

 Assets totaled 1.7
billion at December 31, 2022 and 1.6 billion at December 31, 2021. Loans (excluding loans held-for-sale) increased 117.2 million or
13.6 to 980.9 million at December 31, 2022 from 863.7 million at December 31, 2021. Non-PPP loans increased 118.4 million to 980.6
million at December 31, 2022 from 862.2 million at December 31, 2021. PPP loans declined 1.2 million to 219 thousand at December 31,
2022 from 1.5 million at December 31, 2021. 

64 

Total loan production
excluding PPP loans was 257.9 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to 217.1 million during the same period
in 2021. In addition, we originated zero and 37.1 million in PPP loans during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively. Loans held-for-sale declined to 1.8 million at December 31, 2022 from 7.1 million at December 31, 2021. Mortgage
production during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 was 88.6 million, 65.8 million of the production was originated to be sold
in the secondary market and 22.8 million of the loan production was originated as adjustable rate mortgage (ARM) loans for our loans
held-for-investment portfolio and are included total loan production numbers referenced above compared to 142.1 million, which was all
produced to be sold in the secondary market during the same period in 2021. The reduction in mortgage production was primarily due to
a higher interest rate environment and low housing inventory. With the headwinds of rising interest rates, we began to market an ARM
product during the second quarter of 2022 to provide borrowers with an alternative to fixed-rate mortgages and to help offset anticipated
mortgage production challenges. Currently, we are offering 5/1, 7/1, and 10/1 ARM loans that are originated for our loans held-for-investment
portfolio. As these ARM loans are being held on our balance sheet as loans held-for-investment, the result is additive to loan growth
and interest income but results in less gain on sale fee income, which is reported in noninterest income as mortgage banking income.
The loan-to-deposit ratio (including loans held-for-sale) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 70.9 and 64.0 , respectively.
The loan-to-deposit ratio (excluding loans held-for-sale) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 70.8 and 63.4 , respectively. One
of our goals as a community bank has been, and continues to be, to grow our assets through quality loan growth by providing credit to
small and mid-size businesses and individuals within the markets we serve. We remain committed to meeting the credit needs of our local
markets. 

Investment securities
declined 1.9 million to 564.8 million at December 31, 2022 from 566.6 million at December 31, 2021. On June 1, 2022, we reclassified
 224.5 million in investments to held-to-maturity (HTM) from available-for-sale (AFS). These securities were transferred at fair value
at the time of the transfer, which became the new cost basis for the securities held to maturity. The pretax unrealized net holding loss
on the available for sale securities on the date of transfer totaled approximately 16.7 million, and continued to be reported as a component
of accumulated other comprehensive loss. This net unrealized loss is being amortized to interest income over the remaining life of the
securities as a yield adjustment. There were no gains or losses recognized as a result of this transfer. The remaining pretax unrealized
net holding loss on these investments was 15.7 million 12.4 million net of tax) at December 31, 2022. Our HTM investments totaled
 228.7 million and represented approximately 40 of our total investments at December 31, 2022. Our AFS investments totaled 331.9 million
or approximately 59 of our total investments at December 31, 2022. Our investments at cost totaled 4.2 million or approximately 1 
of our total investments at December 31, 2022. Other short-term investments declined 34.1 million to 12.9 million at December 31, 2022
from 47.0 million at December 31, 2021 due to loan growth exceeding deposit growth. Other assets increased 11.6 million to 19.2 million
at December 31, 2022 from 7.6 million at December 31 2021 primarily due to higher deferred tax assets related to unrealized losses on
our investment securities. The unrealized losses on our investment securities are related in an increase in market interest rates, which
has a temporary negative impact on the fair value of our investment securities portfolio and on accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss), which is included in shareholders equity. 

Deposits increased 24.1
million to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2021. Our pure deposits, which are defined
as total deposits less certificates of deposits, increased 43.7 million to 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022 from 1.2 billion at December
31, 2021. We continue to focus on growing our pure deposits as a percentage of total deposits in order to better manage our overall
cost of funds. We had no brokered deposits and no listing services deposits at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Our securities
sold under agreements to repurchase, which are related to our customer cash management accounts, increased 14.5 million to 68.7 million
at December 31, 2022 from 54.2 million at December 31, 2021. 

 Other borrowings
increased 72.0 million to 87.0 million at December 31, 2022 from 15.0 million at December 31, 2021. Other borrowings include 22.0
million in federal funds purchased, 50.0 million in FHLB Advances, and 15.0 million in junior subordinated debt at December 31, 2022
compared to zero in federal funds purchased, zero in FHLB Advances, and 15.0 million in junior subordinated debt at December 31, 2021.
The 72.0 million increase in other borrowings was primarily due to loan growth exceeding deposit growth. 

65 

Shareholders 
equity declined to 7.1 of total assets at December 31, 2022 from 8.9 at December 31, 2021 due to total asset growth of 88.4 million
compared to total shareholders equity decline of 22.6 million. The growth in total assets was primarily due to growth of 117.2
million in loans held-for-investment and 11.6 million in other assets partially offset by declines of 31.6 million in cash and interest
bearing bank balances, 5.3 million in loans held-for-sale, and 1.9 million in investment securities. The 22.6 million decline in shareholders 
equity was due to a 35.7 million reduction in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) partially offset by a 10.7 million increase
in retention of earnings less dividends paid, the transfer of 1.2 million in deferred board compensation stock units from other liabilities
to shareholders equity, the transfer of 0.2 million in restricted stock units from other liabilities to shareholder s equity,
a 0.5 million increase due to employee and director stock awards, and a 0.4 million increase due to dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP)
purchases. The decline in accumulated other comprehensive income was due to an increase in market interest rates, which has a temporary
negative impact on the fair value of our investment securities portfolio and on accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which
is included in shareholders equity. On June 1, 2022, we reclassified 224.5 million in investments to held-to-maturity (HTM) from
available-for-sale (AFS). These securities were transferred at fair value at the time of the transfer, which became the new cost basis
for the securities held to maturity. The pretax unrealized net holding loss on the available for sale securities on the date of transfer
totaled approximately 16.7 million, and continued to be reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. This net unrealized
loss is being amortized to interest income over the remaining life of the securities as a yield adjustment. There were no gains or losses
recognized as a result of this transfer. The remaining pretax unrealized net holding loss on these investments was 15.7 million 12.4
million net of tax) at December 31, 2022. Our HTM investments totaled 228.7 million and represented approximately 40 of our total investments
at December 31, 2022. Our AFS investments totaled 331.9 million or approximately 59 of our total investments with a modified duration
of 3.15 at December 31, 2022. Our investments at cost totaled 4.2 million or approximately 1 of our total investments at December 31,
2022. 

On April 12, 2021, we
announced that our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 375,000 shares of our common stock (the 2021 Repurchase
Plan ), which represents approximately 5 of our 7,548,638 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021. No share repurchases were
made under the 2021 Repurchase Plan prior to its expiration at the market close on March 31, 2022. On April 20, 2022, we announced that
our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 375,000 shares of our common stock (the 2022 Repurchase Plan ),
which represented approximately 5 of our 7,577,912 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. No repurchases have been made under the
2022 Repurchase Plan. The 2022 Repurchase Plan expires at the market close on December 31, 2023. 

 Earning
Assets 

 Loans
and loans held for sale 

 Loans typically provide
higher yields than the other types of earning assets. During 2022 and 2021, loans accounted for 59.7 and 62.6 of average earning assets,
respectively. The loan portfolio (including held-for-sale) averaged 920.4 million in 2022 as compared to 889.0 million in 2021. Quality
loan portfolio growth continued to be a strategic focus of ours in 2022. However, with the higher loan yields, there are inherent credit
and liquidity risks, which we attempt to control and counterbalance. One of our goals as a community bank continues to be to grow our
assets through quality loan growth by providing credit to small and mid-size businesses, as well as individuals within the markets we
serve. In 2022, we funded new loans (excluding loans originated for sale) of approximately 257.9 million, as compared to 217.1 million
in 2021. In addition, we originated 37.1 million in PPP loans in 2021. PPP loans net of deferred fees and costs were 219 thousand at
December 31, 2022 compared to 1.5 million at December 31, 2021.. We remain committed to meeting the credit needs of our local markets,
but adverse national and local economic conditions, as well as deterioration of our asset quality, could significantly impact our ability
to grow our loan portfolio. Significant increases in regulatory capital expectations beyond the traditional well capitalized 
ratios and significantly increased regulatory burdens could impede our ability to leverage our balance sheet and expand the loan portfolio. 

The following table
shows the composition of the loan portfolio by category: 

(In thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Commercial, financial agricultural 
 72,409 
 69,952 
 96,688 
 
 Real estate: 

Construction 
 91,223 
 94,969 
 95,282 
 
 Mortgage residential 
 65,759 
 45,498 
 43,928 
 
 Mortgage commercial 
 709,218 
 617,464 
 573,258 
 
 Consumer: 

Home equity 
 28,723 
 27,116 
 26,442 
 
 Other 
 13,525 
 8,703 
 8,559 
 
 Total gross loans 
 980,857 
 863,702 
 844,157 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 (11,336 
 (11,179 
 (10,389 
 
 Total net loans 
 969,521 
 852,523 
 833,768 

66 

In the context
of this discussion, a real estate mortgage loan is defined as any loan, other than loans for construction purposes, secured by real estate,
regardless of the purpose of the loan. We follow the common practice of financial institutions in our market area of obtaining a security
interest in real estate whenever possible, in addition to any other available collateral. This collateral is taken to reinforce the likelihood
of the ultimate repayment of the loan and tends to increase the magnitude of the real estate loan components. Generally, we limit the
loan-to-value ratio to 80 . The principal components of our loan portfolio at year-end 2022 and 2021 were commercial mortgage loans in
the amount of 704.5 million and 617.5 million, respectively, representing 71.8 and 71.5 of the portfolio, respectively, excluding
loans held for sale. Significant portions of these commercial mortgage loans are made to finance owner-occupied real estate. We continue
to maintain a conservative philosophy regarding our underwriting guidelines, and believe it will reduce the risk elements of the loan
portfolio through strategies that diversify the lending mix. 

 The previously referenced
PPP loans and PPP related credit facility are included in Commercial, financial agricultural loans above. 

The repayment
of loans in the loan portfolio as they mature is a source of liquidity. The following table sets forth the loans maturing within specified
intervals at December 31, 2022. 

 Loan
Maturity Schedule and Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates 

December 31, 2022 
 
 (In thousands) 
 One Year or Less 
 Over One Year Through Five Years 
 Over Five Years Through Fifteen years 
 Over Fifteen Years 
 Total 
 
 Commercial, financial and agricultural 
 7,790 
 36,114 
 28,505 
 
 72,409 
 
 Real estate: 

Construction (1) 
 21,519 
 21,476 
 48,228 
 
 91,223 
 
 Mortgage-residential 
 1,494 
 15,658 
 3,458 
 45,149 
 65,759 
 
 Mortgage-commercial 
 39,059 
 342,536 
 322,802 
 4,821 
 709,218 
 
 Consumer: 

Home equity 
 1,304 
 5,185 
 22,234 
 
 28,723 
 
 Other 
 2,254 
 8,865 
 2,009 
 397 
 13,55 
 
 Total 
 73,420 
 429,834 
 427,236 
 50,367 
 980,587 

(1) Included
 in construction loans over 5 years through 15 years are a total of 48.2 million in construction-to-permanent
 loans that will move to their permanent loan category upon completion of the construction
 phase. 

 Loans
maturing after one year with: 

Variable Rate 
 103,854 
 
 Fixed Rate 
 803,583 

907,437 

The information presented
in the above table is based on the contractual maturities of the individual loans, including loans which may be subject to renewal at
their contractual maturity. Renewal of such loans is subject to review and credit approval, as well as modification of terms upon their
maturity. 

Investment
Securities 

Our investment securities
portfolio is a significant component of our total earning assets. Total investment securities averaged 570.6 million in 2022, as compared
to 456.8 million in 2021, which represents 37.0 and 32.2 of the average earning assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investment securities portfolio amounted to 564.8 million and 566.6 million, respectively.

On June 1, 2022, we
reclassified 224.5 million in investments to held-to-maturity (HTM) from available-for-sale (AFS). These securities were transferred
at fair value at the time of the transfer, which became the new cost basis for the securities held to maturity. The pretax unrealized
net holding loss on the available for sale securities on the date of transfer totaled approximately 16.7 million, and continued to be
reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. This net unrealized loss is being amortized to interest income over
the remaining life of the securities as a yield adjustment. There were no gains or losses recognized as a result of this transfer. The
remaining pretax unrealized net holding loss on these investments was 15.7 million 12.4 million net of tax) at December 31, 2022.
Our HTM investments totaled 228.7 million and represented approximately 40 of our total investments at December 31, 2022. Our AFS investments
totaled 331.9 million or approximately 59 of our total investments at December 31, 2022. Our investments at cost totaled 4.2 million
or approximately 1 of our total investments at December 31, 2022. 

67 

At December 31,
2022, the estimated weighted average life of our total investment portfolio was 6.41 years, the modified duration was 4.32, and the weighted
average tax equivalent book yield was 3.33 . At December 31, 2022, the estimated weighted average life of our investments held-to-maturity
was 7.12 years, the modified duration was 6.15, and the weighted average tax equivalent book yield was 3.41 . At December 31, 2022, the
estimated weighted average life of our investments available-for-sale was 5.95 years, the modified duration was 3.15, and the weighted
average tax equivalent book yield was 3.28 . At December 31, 2021, the estimated weighted average life of our investment portfolio was
6.82 years, the effective duration was 3.58, and the weighted average tax equivalent book yield was 1.73 . 

 We held no debt
securities rated below investment grade at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

 The following
table shows the Available-for Sale investment portfolio composition. 

December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Securities available-for-sale at fair value: 

US Treasury Securities 
 55,982 
 15,436 
 1,502 
 
 Government sponsored enterprises 
 2,074 
 2,501 
 1,006 
 
 Small Business Administration pools 
 21,088 
 31,273 
 35,498 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 244,599 
 397,729 
 229,929 
 
 State and local government 
 
 109,848 
 88,603 
 
 Corporate and Other Securities 
 8,118 
 8,052 
 3,328 
 
 Total 
 331,861 
 564,839 
 359,866 

The following
table shows the Held-to-Maturity investment portfolio composition. 

December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Securities held-to-maturity at fair value: 

US Treasury Securities 

Government sponsored enterprises 

Small Business Administration pools 

Mortgage-backed securities 
 113,116 

State and local government 
 100,497 

Corporate and Other Securities 

Total 
 213,613 

We hold other
investments carried at cost totaling 4.2 million and 1.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other investments, at
cost, include Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB stock in the amount of 2.9 million, corporate stock in the amount of 1.0
million, and a venture capital fund in the amount of 274.1 thousand at December 31, 2022. The Company held FHLB stock in the amount
of 698.4 thousand, corporate stock in the amount of 1.0 million, and a venture capital fund in the amount of 86.7 thousand at December
31, 2021. These are e quity securities without readily determinable fair values.
Investment in the FHLB of Atlanta is a condition of borrowing from the FHLB Atlanta. FHLB stock is carried at cost, and periodically
evaluated for impairment based on an assessment of the ultimate recovery of par value. Both cash and stock dividends are reported as
interest income. Dividends received on other investments, at cost are reported as interest income. 

68 

Investment
Securities Maturity Distribution and Yields 

 The following
table shows, at amortized cost, the expected maturities and weighted average yield, which is calculated using amortized cost as the weight
and tax-equivalent book yield, of securities held at December 31, 2022: 

(In thousands) 

After
 One But 
 After
 Five But 

Within
 One Year 
 Within
 Five Years 
 Within
 Ten Years 
 After
 Ten Years 
 
 Available-for-sale: 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 
 US
 Treasury Securities 

45,781 
 0.67 
 14,770 
 0.08 

Government
 sponsored enterprises 

2,500 
 0.04 

Small
 Business Administration pools 
 335 
 0.17 
 19,085 
 0.76 
 2,237 
 0.04 

Mortgage-backed
 securities 
 870 
 0.50 
 40,461 
 0.77 
 202,863 
 2.65 
 19,517 
 2.91 
 
 State
 and local government 

Corporate
 and other securities 
 10 
 0.03 
 5,764 
 0.20 
 2,986 
 0.06 
 9 

Total
 investment securities 
 available-for-sale 
 1,215 
 0.70 
 113,591 
 2.44 
 222,856 
 2.83 
 19,526 
 2.91 

(In thousands) 

After
 One But 
 After
 Five But 

Within
 One Year 
 Within
 Five Years 
 Within
 Ten Years 
 After
 Ten Years 
 
 Held-to-Maturity: 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 
 US
 Treasury Securities 

Government
 sponsored enterprises 

Small
 Business Administration pools 

Mortgage-backed
 securities 
 3,228 
 0.85 
 24,520 
 2.16 
 81,646 
 1.86 
 12,381 
 0.97 
 
 State
 and local government 
 3,236 
 0.47 
 14,664 
 0.96 
 61,567 
 1.42 
 27,462 
 2.63 
 
 Corporate
 and other securities 

Total
 investment securities held-to-maturity 
 6,464 
 1.33 
 39,184 
 3.12 
 143,213 
 3.29 
 39,843 
 3.59 

Short-Term
Investments 

 Short-term investments,
which consist of federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell and interest bearing deposits, averaged 50.5 million
in 2022, as compared to 73.4 million in 2021. The decline in short-term investments in 2022 is primarily due to loan growth exceeding
deposit growth, which resulted in short-term investments used to fund loan growth. We maintain the majority of our short-term overnight
investments in our account at the Federal Reserve rather than in federal funds at various correspondent banks due to the lower regulatory
capital risk weighting. At December 31, 2022, short-term investments including funds on deposit at the Federal Reserve totaled 12.9
million. These funds are an immediate source of liquidity and are generally invested in an earning capacity on an overnight basis. 

69 

Deposits
and Other Interest-Bearing Liabilities 

 Deposits. Average
deposits were 1.4 billion during 2022, compared to 1.3 billion during 2021, and 1.1 billion during 2020. Total deposits were 1.4
billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.4 billion at December 31, 2021, and 1.2 billion at December 31, 2020. Average
interest-bearing deposits were 948.3 million during 2022, as compared to 869.7 million during 2021, and 743.4 million during
2020. Total interest-bearing deposits were 924.4 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 916.6 million at December 31, 2021, and
 803.9 million at December 31, 2020. These increases are primarily due to organic deposit growth and PPP loan proceeds and other
stimulus funds related to the COVID-19 pandemic being held in customers deposit accounts. Total uninsured deposits were 407.0
million and 392.2 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Included in uninsured deposits at December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 were 59.5 million and 55.2 million of collateralized public funds, respectively. We had no brokered
deposits and no listing services deposits at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020. 

The following
table sets forth the deposits by category: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (In thousands) 
 Amount 
 of Deposits 
 Amount 
 of Deposits 
 Amount 
 of Deposits 
 
 Demand deposit accounts 
 461,010 
 33.3 
 444,688 
 32.7 
 385,511 
 32.4 
 
 Interest bearing checking accounts 
 334,540 
 24.1 
 331,638 
 24.4 
 278,077 
 23.4 
 
 Money market accounts 
 295,223 
 21.3 
 287,419 
 21.1 
 242,128 
 20.4 
 
 Savings accounts 
 161,770 
 11.7 
 143,765 
 10.5 
 123,032 
 10.3 
 
 Time deposits less than 100,000 
 66,410 
 4.8 
 74,489 
 5.5 
 78,794 
 6.6 
 
 Time deposits more than 100,000 
 66,429 
 4.8 
 79,292 
 5.8 
 81,871 
 6.9 
 
 Total deposits 
 1,385,382 
 100.0 
 1,361,291 
 100.0 
 1,189,413 
 100.0 

Large certificate of
deposit customers, whom we identify as those of 100 thousand or more, tend to be extremely sensitive to interest rate levels, making
these deposits less reliable sources of funding for liquidity planning purposes than core deposits. Core deposits, which exclude time
deposits of 100 thousand or more, provide a relatively stable funding source for the loan portfolio and other earning assets. Core deposits
were 1.3 billion and 1.3 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Time deposits greater than 250 thousand, the FDIC deposit
insurance coverage limit, amounted to 25.0 million and 27.9 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

A stable base
of deposits is expected to continue to be the primary source of funding to meet both our short-term and long-term liquidity needs in
the future. The maturity distribution of time deposits is shown in the following table. 

 Maturities
of Certificates of Deposit and Other Time Deposit of 250,000 or More 

 At December 31,
2022, time deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 
 (In thousands) 
 Within Three Months 
 After Three Through Six Months 
 After Six Through Twelve Months 
 After Twelve Months 
 Total 
 
 Time deposits of 250,000 or more 
 2,586 
 619 
 5,315 
 976 
 9,496 

Borrowed
funds. Borrowed funds consist of fed funds purchased, securities sold under agreements to repurchase,
FHLB advances and long-term debt, which is a result of issuing 15.0 million in trust preferred securities. Short-term borrowings in
the form of securities sold under agreements to repurchase averaged 74.8 million, 62.2 million and 49.5 million during 2022, 2021
and 2020, respectively. The maximum month-end balances during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 93.4 million, 72.4 million and 73.0 million,
respectively. The average rates paid during these periods were 0.30 , 0.14 and 0.38 , respectively. The balances of securities sold
under agreements to repurchase were 68.7 million and 54.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The repurchase agreements
all mature within one to four days and are generally originated with customers that have other relationships with us and tend to provide
a stable and predictable source of funding. Federal funds purchased averaged 1.5 million, zero and seven thousand dollars during 2022,
2021 and 2020, respectively. The average rates paid during these periods were 3.54 , 0.00 and 0.00 , respectively. The balances of federal
funds purchased were 22.0 million and zero at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a member of the FHLB, the Bank has access
to advances from the FHLB for various terms and amounts. FHLB advances averaged 9.5 million, zero and 2.0 million during 2022, 2021
and 2020, respectively. The average rates paid during these periods were 3.91 , 0.00 and 0.40 , respectively. The balances of FHLB advances
were 50.0 million and zero at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

70 

At December 31,
2022, FHLB advance maturities were as follows: 

December
 31, 2022 

(In
 thousands) 
 
 Within
 Three 
 Months 

After
 Three 
 Through 
 Six Months 

After
 Six 
 Through 
 Twelve Months 

After
 
 Twelve 
 Months 

Total 

FHLB
 Advances 

50,000 

50,000 

The 50 million in FHLB
advances at December 31, 2022 had maturity dates between January 17, 2023 and March 7, 2023 with interest rates between 4.15 and 4.63 .
There were no FHLB Advances as of December 31, 2021. 

In addition to
the above borrowings, we issued 15.5 million in trust preferred securities on September 16, 2004. During the fourth quarter of 2015,
we redeemed 500 thousand of these securities. The securities accrue and pay distributions quarterly at a rate of three month LIBOR plus
257 basis points. The remaining debt may be redeemed in full anytime with notice and matures on September 16, 2034. Trust preferred securities
averaged 15.0 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020. The average rates paid during these periods were 4.51 , 2.78 and 3.58 , respectively.
The balances of trust preferred securities were 15.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Capital
Adequacy and Dividend Policy 

 Capital
Adequacy 

 Shareholders 
equity declined to 7.1 of total assets at December 31, 2022 from 8.9 at December 31, 2021 due to total asset growth of 88.4 million
compared to total shareholders equity decline of 22.6 million. The growth in total assets was primarily due to growth of 117.2
million in loans held-for-investment and 11.6 million in other assets partially offset by declines of 31.6 million in cash and interest
bearing bank balances, 5.3 million in loans held-for-sale, and 1.9 million in investment securities. The 22.6 million decline in shareholders 
equity was due to a 35.7 million reduction in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) partially offset by a 10.7 million increase
in retention of earnings less dividends paid, the transfer of 1.2 million in deferred board compensation stock units from other liabilities
to shareholders equity, the transfer of 0.2 million in restricted stock units from other liabilities to shareholder s equity,
a 0.5 million increase due to employee and director stock awards, and a 0.4 million increase due to dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP)
purchases. The decline in accumulated other comprehensive income was due to an increase in market interest rates, which has a temporary
negative impact on the fair value of our investment securities portfolio and on accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which
is included in shareholders equity. On June 1, 2022, we reclassified 224.5 million in investments to held-to-maturity (HTM) from
available-for-sale (AFS). These securities were transferred at fair value at the time of the transfer, which became the new cost basis
for the securities held to maturity. The pretax unrealized net holding loss on the available for sale securities on the date of transfer
totaled approximately 16.7 million, and continued to be reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. This net unrealized
loss is being amortized to interest income over the remaining life of the securities as a yield adjustment. There were no gains or losses
recognized as a result of this transfer. The remaining pretax unrealized net holding loss on these investments was 15.7 million 12.4
million net of tax) at December 31, 2022. Our HTM investments totaled 228.7 million and represented approximately 40 of our total investments
at December 31, 2022. Our AFS investments totaled 331.9 million or approximately 59 of our total investments with a modified duration
of 3.15 at December 31, 2022. Our investments at cost totaled 4.2 million or approximately 1 of our total investments at December 31,
2022. 

On April 12, 2021, we
announced that our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 375,000 shares of our common stock (the 2021 Repurchase
Plan ), which represents approximately 5 of our 7,548,638 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2021. No share repurchases were
made under the 2021 Repurchase Plan prior to its expiration at the market close on March 31, 2022. On April 20, 2022, we announced that
our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 375,000 shares of our common stock (the 2022 Repurchase Plan ),
which represented approximately 5 of our 7,577,912 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. No repurchases have been made under the
2022 Repurchase Plan. The 2022 Repurchase Plan expires at the market close on December 31, 2023. 

During each quarter
in 2020 and 2021, we paid a 0.12 per share dividend on our common stock. During each quarter in 2022, we paid an 0.13 per share dividend
on our common stock. On January 18, 2023, we announced a 0.14 per share dividend payable on February 14, 2023 to shareholders of record
of our common stock on January 31, 2023. 

71 

In addition, we have
a dividend reinvestment plan that allows existing shareholders the option of reinvesting cash dividends as well as making optional purchases
of up to 5,000 in the purchase of common stock per quarter. 

The following
table shows the return on average assets (net income divided by average total assets), return on average equity (net income divided by
average equity), and equity to assets ratio for the three years ended December 31, 2022. 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Return
 on average assets 

0.88 

1.02 

0.78 

Return
 on average common equity 

11.99 

11.22 

7.84 

Equity
 to assets ratio 

7.08 

8.90 

9.77 

Dividend
 Payout Ratio 

26.78 

23.24 

35.38 

While the Company is
currently a small bank holding company and so generally is not subject to Basel III capital requirements, our Bank remains subject to
such capital requirements. See Supervision and Regulation Basel Capital Standards for additional information on Basel
III and the Dodd-Frank Act. 

The Bank exceeded
the regulatory capital ratios at December 31, 2022 and 2021, as set forth in the following table: 

(In thousands) 
 Required Amount 
 
 Actual Amount 
 
 Excess Amount 

The Bank (1)(2) : 

December 31, 2022 

Risk Based Capital 

Tier 1 
 64,741 
 6.0 
 145,578 
 13.5 
 80,837 
 7.5 
 
 Total Capital 
 86,321 
 8.0 
 156,914 
 14.5 
 70,593 
 6.5 
 
 CET1 
 48,555 
 4.5 
 145,578 
 13.5 
 97,023 
 9.0 
 
 Tier 1 Leverage 
 67,509 
 4.0 
 145,578 
 8.6 
 78,069 
 4.6 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Risk Based Capital 

Tier 1 
 57,075 
 6.0 
 132,918 
 14.0 
 75,843 
 8.0 
 
 Total Capital 
 76,101 
 8.0 
 144,097 
 15.1 
 67,996 
 7.1 
 
 CET1 
 42,807 
 4.5 
 132,918 
 14.0 
 90,111 
 9.5 
 
 Tier 1 Leverage 
 62,897 
 4.0 
 132,918 
 8.5 
 70,021 
 4.5 

(1) 
 As
 a small bank holding company, the Company is generally not subject to the Basel III capital requirements unless otherwise advised
 by the Federal Reserve. 

(2) 
 Required
 Amounts and Required Ratios do not include the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 . 

Dividend
Policy 

 Since we are
a bank holding company, our ability to declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal and state regulatory considerations,
including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends
by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current
earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s
capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve s policies also require that a bank holding company
serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital
funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising
capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. In addition, under the prompt corrective
action regulations, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized.
These regulatory policies could affect our ability to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 

72 

Because the Company
is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank and does not conduct stand-alone operations, the Company s ability to pay
dividends depends on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company, which is also subject to regulatory restrictions. As a
South Carolina-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to limitations on the amount of dividends that it is permitted to pay. Unless otherwise
instructed by the S.C. Board, the Bank is generally permitted under South Carolina state banking regulations to pay cash dividends of
up to 100 of net income in any calendar year without obtaining the prior approval of the S.C. Board. In addition, the Bank must maintain
a capital conservation buffer, above its regulatory minimum capital requirements, consisting entirely of Common Equity Tier 1 capital,
in order to avoid restrictions with respect to its payment of dividends to First Community Corporation. The FDIC also has the authority
under federal law to enjoin a bank from engaging in what in its opinion constitutes an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its business,
including the payment of a dividend under certain circumstances. 

Liquidity
Management 

 Liquidity management
involves monitoring sources and uses of funds in order to meet our day-to-day cash flow requirements while maximizing profits. Liquidity
represents our ability to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss and to raise additional funds by increasing
liabilities. Liquidity management is made more complicated because different balance sheet components are subject to varying degrees
of management control. For example, the timing of maturities of the investment portfolio is very predictable and subject to a high degree
of control at the time investment decisions are made. However, net deposit inflows and outflows are far less predictable and are not
subject to nearly the same degree of control. Asset liquidity is provided by cash and assets which are readily marketable, or which can
be pledged, or which will mature in the near future. Liability liquidity is provided by access to core funding sources, principally the
ability to generate customer deposits in our market area. In addition, liability liquidity is provided through the ability to borrow
against approved lines of credit (federal funds purchased) from correspondent banks and to borrow on a secured basis through securities
sold under agreements to repurchase. The Bank is a member of the FHLB and has the ability to obtain advances for various periods of time.
These advances are secured by eligible securities pledged by the Bank or assignment of eligible loans within the Bank s portfolio. 

We had no brokered deposits
and no listing services deposits at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. We believe that we have ample liquidity to meet the
needs of our customers through our low cost deposits, our ability to borrow against approved lines of credit (federal funds purchased)
from correspondent banks, and our ability to obtain advances secured by certain securities and loans from the FHLB. 

We generally maintain
a high level of liquidity and adequate capital, which along with continued retained earnings, we believe will be sufficient to fund the
operations of the Bank for at least the next 12 months. Furthermore, we believe that we will have access to adequate liquidity and capital
to support the long-term operations of the Bank. Shareholders equity declined to 7.1 of total assets at December 31, 2022 from
8.9 at December 31, 2021 due to total asset growth of 88.4 million compared to total shareholders equity decline of 22.6 million.
The growth in total assets was primarily due to growth of 117.2 million in loans held-for-investment and 11.6 million in other assets
partially offset by declines of 31.6 million in cash and interest bearing bank balances, 5.3 million in loans held-for-sale, and 1.9
million in investment securities. The 22.6 million decline in shareholders equity was due to a 35.7 million reduction in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) partially offset by a 10.7 million increase in retention of earnings less dividends paid, the transfer
of 1.2 million in deferred board compensation stock units from other liabilities to shareholders equity, the transfer of 0.2
million in restricted stock units from other liabilities to shareholder s equity, a 0.5 million increase due to employee and director
stock awards, and a 0.4 million increase due to dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) purchases. The decline in accumulated other comprehensive
income was due to an increase in market interest rates, which has a temporary negative impact on the fair value of our investment securities
portfolio and on accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which is included in shareholders equity. On June 1, 2022, we
reclassified 224.5 million in investments to held-to-maturity (HTM) from available-for-sale (AFS). These securities were transferred
at fair value at the time of the transfer, which became the new cost basis for the securities held to maturity. The pretax unrealized
net holding loss on the available for sale securities on the date of transfer totaled approximately 16.7 million, and continued to be
reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. This net unrealized loss is being amortized to interest income over
the remaining life of the securities as a yield adjustment. There were no gains or losses recognized as a result of this transfer. The
remaining pretax unrealized net holding loss on these investments was 15.7 million 12.4 million net of tax) at December 31, 2022.
Our HTM investments totaled 228.7 million and represented approximately 40 of our total investments at December 31, 2022. Our AFS investments
totaled 331.9 million or approximately 59 of our total investments with a modified duration of 3.15 at December 31, 2022. Our investments
at cost totaled 4.2 million or approximately 1 of our total investments at December 31, 2022. 

73 

The Bank maintains federal
funds purchased lines in the total amount of 65.0 million with three financial institutions and 10 million through the Federal Reserve
Discount Window. We utilized 22 million of our federal funds purchased lines at December 31, 2022 compared to zero at December 31, 2021.
The FHLB of Atlanta has approved a line of credit of up to 25 of the Bank s assets, which, when utilized, is collateralized by
a pledge against specific investment securities and/or eligible loans. We had 50 million in FHLB advances at December 31, 2022 compared
to zero at December 31, 2021. The 50 million in FHLB advances at December 31, 2022 had maturity dates between January 17, 2023 and March
7, 2023 with interest rates between 4.15 and 4.63 . 

Through the operations
of our Bank, we have made contractual commitments to extend credit in the ordinary course of our business activities. These commitments
are legally binding agreements to lend money to our customers at predetermined interest rates for a specified period of time. At December
31, 2022, we had issued commitments to extend unused credit of 156.9 million, including 47.3 million in unused home equity lines of
credit, through various types of lending arrangements. At December 31, 2021, we had issued commitments to extend unused credit of 137.4
million, including 42.9 million in unused home equity lines of credit, through various types of lending arrangements. We evaluate each
customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by us upon extension
of credit, is based on our credit evaluation of the borrower. Collateral varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property,
plant and equipment, commercial and residential real estate. We manage the credit risk on these commitments by subjecting them to normal
underwriting and risk management processes. 

 We regularly review
our liquidity position and have implemented internal policies establishing guidelines for sources of asset-based liquidity and evaluate
and monitor the total amount of purchased funds used to support the balance sheet and funding from noncore sources. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

 In the normal
course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with GAAP, are not recorded in the financial
statements, or are recorded in amounts that differ from the notional amounts. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements
of credit, interest rate, and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used by the company for general corporate purposes or for customer
needs. Corporate purpose transactions are used to help manage credit, interest rate, and liquidity risk or to optimize capital. Customer
transactions are used to manage customers requests for funding. Please refer to Note 15 of our financial statements for a discussion
of our off-balance sheet arrangements. 

 Impact
of Inflation 

 Unlike most industrial
companies, the assets and liabilities of financial institutions such as the Company and the Bank are primarily monetary in nature. Therefore,
interest rates have a more significant effect on our performance than do the effects of changes in the general rate of inflation and
change in prices. In addition, interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of
goods and services. However, we are not immune from changes occurring in inflation, which risks include a decrease in demand for new
mortgage loan and commercial real estate loan originations and refinancings, an increase in competition for deposits, and an increase
in non-interest expenses, which may have an adverse impact on our financial performance. As discussed previously, we continually seek
to manage the relationships between interest sensitive assets and liabilities in order to protect against wide interest rate fluctuations,
including those resulting from inflation. 

 Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 Not Applicable 

 Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 Additional information
required under this Item 8 may be found under the accompanying Financial Statements and Notes to Financial Statements under Note 23. 

74 

MANAGEMENT S
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

 Our management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision
of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013. 

 Based on that
assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 

/s/
 Michael C. Crapps 
 
 /s/
 D. Shawn Jordan 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 
 Executive
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

75 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of First Community Corporation: 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Community
Corporation and its subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
income (loss), changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Allowance
for Loan Losses 

As described in Note 4 to the Company s financial statements, the
Company has a loan portfolio, net of deferred fees of approximately 980.9 million and related allowance for loan losses of approximately
 11.3 million as of December 31, 2022. As described by the Company in Note 2, the evaluation of the allowance for loan losses is inherently
subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. The allowance
for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis. Management s determination of the adequacy of the allowance is based on an evaluation
of the portfolio, past loss experience, economic conditions and volume, growth and composition of the portfolio. 

We identified the Company s estimate of the allowance for loan losses
as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of the allowance for loan losses as a critical audit matter
related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative factors. Auditing these complex
judgments and assumptions by the Company involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence
and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 

76 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter
included the following: 

We evaluated the relevance and the reasonableness of assumptions related
to evaluation of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions, and other risk factors used in development of the qualitative factors
for collectively evaluated loans. 

We
 validated the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used to
develop the factors. 

We
 validated the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of assumptions and data used by the Company
in developing the qualitative factors by comparing these data points to internally developed and third-party sources, as well as other
audit evidence gathered. 

Analytical
 procedures were performed to evaluate the directional consistency of changes
that occurred in the allowance for loan losses for loans collectively evaluated for impairment. 

/s/

Firm
ID: 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 

March
22, 2023 

77 

FIRST
COMMUNITY CORPORATION 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except par values) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Interest-bearing bank balances 

Investment securities available-for-sale 

Investment securities held-to-maturity, fair value of and at December 31,
 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Other investments, at cost 

Loans held-for-sale 

Loans held-for-investment 

Less, allowance for loan losses 

Net loans held-for-investment 

Property and equipment - net 

Lease right-of-use asset 

Bank owned life insurance 

Other real estate owned 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits: 

Non-interest bearing 

Interest bearing 

Total deposits 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

Federal funds purchased 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Junior subordinated debt 

Lease liability 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15) 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; issued and
 outstanding 

Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 at 
December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 

Nonvested restricted stock and stock units 

Additional paid in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

78 

FIRST
COMMUNITY CORPORATION 

 Consolidated
Statements of Income 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands except per share amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Interest income: 

Loans, including fees 

Investment securities - taxable 

Investment securities - non taxable 

Other short term investments and CDs 

Total interest income 

Interest expense: 

Deposits 

Securities sold under agreement to repurchase 

Other borrowed money 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for (release of) loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for (release of) loan losses 

Non-interest income: 

Deposit service charges 

Mortgage banking income 

Investment advisory fees and non-deposit commissions 

Gain on sale of securities 

Gain (loss) on sale of other real estate owned 

Gain (loss) on sale of other assets 

Other non-recurring income 

Other 

Total non-interest income 

Non-interest expense: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy 

Equipment 

Marketing and public relations 

FDIC Insurance assessments 

Other real estate expense 

Amortization of intangibles 

Other 

Total non-interest expense 

Net income before tax 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

See Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

79 

FIRST
COMMUNITY CORPORATION 

 Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized gain (loss) during the period on available for sale securities, net of tax benefit (expense) of , and , respectively 

Less: Reclassification adjustment for gain included in net income, net of tax benefit of , , and , respectively 

Unrealized loss during the period on available-for-sale securities transferred to held-to-maturity, net of tax benefit of , , and , respectively. 

Reclassification adjustment for amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity, net of tax expense of , , and respectively. 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

See Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

80 

FIRST
COMMUNITY CORPORATION 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

Common Stock 
 
 Nonvested 
 
 Accumulated 

(Dollars and shares in thousands) 
 Number Shares Issued 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Restricted Stock and Stock Units 
 Retained Earnings 
 Other Comprehensive Income (loss) 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2019 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income net 
of tax expense of 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of common stock-deferred compensation 

Amortization of compensation on restricted stock 

Shares forfeited 

Dividends: Common per share) 

Dividend reinvestment plan 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss net of tax benefit of 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of common stock-deferred compensation 

Amortization of compensation on restricted stock 

Shares forfeited 

Dividends: Common per share) 

Dividend reinvestment plan 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss net of tax benefit of 

Issuance of restricted stock 

Issuance of common stock 

Grant of restricted stock units 

Amortization of compensation on restricted stock 

Shares forfeited 

Dividends: Common per share) 

Dividend reinvestment plan 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

81 

FIRST
COMMUNITY CORPORATION 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Year
 Ended December 31, 
 
 (Amounts
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from
 operating activities: 

Net
 income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash (used) provided in operating activities 

Depreciation 

Net
 premium amortization AFS 

Net
 premium amortization HTM 

Provision
 for loan losses 

Write-downs
 of other real estate owned 

Loss
 (gain) loss on sale of other real estate owned 

Originations
 of HFS loans 

Sales
 of HFS loans 

Amortization of intangibles 

Gain
 on sale of securities 

Loss
 on fair value of equity investments 

Accretion
 on acquired loans 

Write-down
 of premises held for sale 

Gain
 on sale of other assets 

(Increase)
 decrease in other assets 

Increase
 (decrease) in other liabilities 

Net
 cash (used) provided in operating activities 

Cash flows from
 investing activities: 

Proceeds
 from sale of securities available-for-sale 

Proceeds
 from sale of securities held-to-maturity 

Purchase
 of investment securities available-for-sale 

Purchase
 of investment securities held-to-maturity 

Purchase
 of other investment securities 

Maturity/call
 of investment securities available-for-sale 

Maturity/call
 of investment securities held-to-maturity 

Proceeds
 from sale of other investments 

Increase
 in loans 

Proceeds
 from sale of other real estate owned 

Proceeds
 from sale of fixed assets 

Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Net
 disposal of property and equipment 

Purchase
 of BOLI 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from
 financing activities: 

Increase
 in deposit accounts 

Increase
 in Fed Funds Borrowed 

Advances
 from the Federal Home Loan Bank 

Repayment
 of advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank 

Increase
 in securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

Deferred compensation
 shares 

Shares Retired 

Restricted
 Stock Units Granted 

Change
 in non-vested restricted stock 

Dividend
 reinvestment plan 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock 

Dividends
 paid on Common Stock 

Net
 cash provided in financing activities 

Net
 increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure: 

Cash
 paid during the period for: interest 

Income
 Taxes 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities: 

Unrealized
 gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale, net of tax 

Unrealized loss on securities held-to-maturity, net of tax 

Transfer
 of investment securities available-for-sale to held-to-maturity 

Transfer
 of loans to other real estate owned 

Recognition
 of operating lease right of use asset 

Recognition
 of operating lease liability 

Transfer
 of investment securities held-to-maturity to available-for-sale 

See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

82 

FIRST
COMMUNITY CORPORATION 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and thousand , respectively. Dividends received on other investments, at cost are reported as interest income. 

million , million and million for the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Acquired credit-impaired
loans are accounted for under the accounting guidance for loans and debt securities acquired with deteriorated credit quality, found
in FASB ASC Topic 310-30, Receivables Loans and Debt Securities
Acquired with Deteriorated 

Credit
Quality, formerly American Institute of Certified Public Accountants AICPA Statement of Position SOP 03-3, Accounting for Certain
Loans or Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer , and initially measured at fair value, which includes estimated future
credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the loans. Loans acquired in business combinations with evidence of credit deterioration
since origination and for which it is probable that all contractually required payments will not be collected are considered to be credit
impaired. Evidence of credit quality deterioration as of purchase dates may include information such as past-due and nonaccrual status,
borrower credit scores and recent loan to value percentages. The Company considers expected prepayments and estimates the amount and
timing of expected principal, interest and other cash flows for each loan or pool of loans meeting the criteria above, and determines
the excess of the loan s scheduled contractual principal and contractual interest payments over all cash flows expected to be collected
at acquisition as an amount that should not be accreted (non-accretable difference). The remaining amount, representing the excess of
the loan s or pool s cash flows expected to be collected over the fair value for the loan or pool of loans, is accreted into
interest income over the remaining life of the loan or pool (accretable difference). Subsequent to the acquisition date, increases in
cash flows expected to be received in excess of the Company s initial estimates are reclassified from non-accretable difference
to accretable difference and are accreted into interest income on a level-yield basis over the remaining life of the loan. Decreases
in cash flows expected to be collected are recognized as impairment through the provision for loan losses. 

 reportable segments represent the distinct product lines the Company offers and are viewed separately for strategic planning by
management (see Note 25, Reportable Segments, for further information). 

In March 2022,
the FASB issued amendments which are intended to improve the decision usefulness of information provided to investors about certain loan
refinancings, restructurings, and write-offs. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. 

 Other accounting
standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material impact
on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Government Sponsored Enterprises 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Small Business Administration pools 

State and local government 

Corporate and other securities 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Amortized Cost 
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
 Fair Value 
 
 December 31, 2021 

US Treasury securities 

Government Sponsored Enterprises 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Small Business Administration pools 

State and local government 

Corporate and other securities 

Total 

Government
 Sponsored Enterprises 

Mortgage-backed
 securities 

Small
 Business Administration pools 

State
 and local government 

Corporate
 and other securities 

Total 

There were no investment securities listed
as held-to-maturity as of December 31, 2021. 

On June 1, 2022, we
reclassified 224.5 million in investments to held-to-maturity (HTM) from available-for-sale (AFS). These securities were transferred
at fair value at the time of the transfer, which became the new cost basis for the securities held to maturity. The pretax unrealized
net holding loss on the available for sale securities on the date of transfer totaled approximately 16.7 million, and continued to be
reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. This net unrealized loss is being amortized to interest income over
the remaining life of the securities as a yield adjustment. There were no gains or losses recognized as a result of this transfer. The
remaining pretax unrealized net holding loss on these investments was 15.7 million 12.4 million net of tax) at December 31, 2022. 

During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of investment securities available-for-sale.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no gross realized gains or losses from the sale of investment
securities available-for-sale. The tax (benefit) provision applicable to the net realized gain (loss) was approximately 0, 0, and 21
thousand for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The following tables show gross unrealized
losses and fair values, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss
position, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

Government
 Sponsored Enterprise 

Mortgage-backed
 securities 

Small
 Business Administration pools 

State
 and local government 

Corporate
 and other securities 

Total 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Less
 than 12 months 
 12
 months or more 
 Total 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 Fair 
 Unrealized 
 Fair 
 Unrealized 
 Fair 
 Unrealized 
 
 Available-for-sale
 securities: 
 Value 
 Loss 
 Value 
 Loss 
 Value 
 Loss 
 
 US
 Treasury Securities 

Mortgage-backed
 securities 

Small
 Business Administration pools 

State
 and local government 

Corporate
 and other securities 

Total 

Small
 Business Administration pools 

State
 and local government 

Corporate
 and other securities 

Total 

Due
 after one year through five years 

Due
 after five years through ten years 

Due
 after ten years 

HELD-TO-MATURITY: 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Held-to-maturity 

Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair 
 Value 
 
 Due
 in one year or less 

Due
 after one year through five years 

Due
 after five years through ten years 

Due
 after ten years 

Securities with an amortized
cost of million and fair value of million at December 31, 2022 were pledged to secure FHLB advances, public deposits, and
securities sold under agreements to repurchase. Securities with an amortized cost of million and fair value of million 
at December 31, 2021 were pledged to secure FHLB advances, public deposits, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 

Other-Than-Temporary-Impairment: Of
the securities in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022, 90 securities were in a continuous loss position for twelve
months or more. The Company believes, based on industry analyst reports, credit ratings and/or government guarantees, that the deterioration
in value is attributable to changes in market interest rates and is not in the credit quality of the issuer and therefore, these losses
are not considered other-than-temporary. 

 The Company evaluates
securities available-for-sale for other-than-temporary impairment on a quarterly basis. As a result of this evaluation, at December 31,
2022, the Company has determined that the declines summarized in the tables above are not deemed to be other-than-temporary. 

Real
 estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home
 equity 

Other 

Total 

Commercial, financial, and agricultural
category includes thousand and million in PPP loans, net of deferred fees and costs, as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021, respectively. 

Provision
 for (release of) loan losses 

Charged
 off loans 

Recoveries 

Balance
 at end of year 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Provisions 

Ending
 balance 

Ending
 balances: 

Individually
 evaluated for impairment 

Collectively
 evaluated for impairment 

Loans
 receivable: 

Ending
 balance-total 

Ending
 balances: 

Individually
 evaluated for impairment 

Collectively
 evaluated for impairment 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Commercial 
 Real
 estate Construction 
 Real
 estate Mortgage Residential 
 Real
 estate Mortgage Commercial 
 Consumer 
 Home equity 
 Consumer 
 Other 
 Unallocated 
 Total 
 
 2021 

Allowance
 for loan losses: 

Beginning
 balance 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Provisions 

Ending
 balance 

Ending
 balances: 

Individually
 evaluated for impairment 

Collectively
 evaluated for impairment 

Loans
 receivable: 

Ending
 balance-total 

Ending
 balances: 

Individually
 evaluated for impairment 

Collectively
 evaluated for impairment 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 
 Commercial 
 Real
 estate Construction 
 Real
 estate Mortgage Residential 
 Real
 estate Mortgage Commercial 
 Consumer 
 Home equity 
 Consumer 
 Other 
 Unallocated 
 Total 
 
 2020 

Allowance
 for loan losses: 

Beginning
 balance 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Provisions 

Ending
 balance 

Ending
 balances: 

Individually
 evaluated for impairment 

Collectively
 evaluated for impairment 

Loans
 receivable: 

Ending
 balance-total 

Ending
 balances: 

Individually
 evaluated for impairment 

Collectively
 evaluated for impairment 

At December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, there were million of loans and million acquired in the Cornerstone acquisition were excluded in the
evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. These loans were recorded at fair value at acquisition which included a
credit component of approximately thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. Loans acquired
prior to 2017 have been included in the evaluation of the allowance for loan losses. 

Real
 estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home
 Equity 

Other 

With
 an allowance recorded: 

Commercial 

Real
 estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home
 Equity 

Other 

Total: 

Commercial 

Real
 estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home
 Equity 

Other 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 

December
 31, 2021 
 Recorded 
 Investment 
 Unpaid 
 Principal Balance 
 Related 
 Allowance 
 Average 
 Recorded Investment 
 Interest 
 Income Recognized 
 
 With no allowance recorded: 

Commercial 

Real estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home Equity 

Other 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial 

Real estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home Equity 

Other 

Total: 

Commercial 

Real estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home Equity 

Other 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 

December
 31, 2020 
 
 Recorded 
 Investment 

Unpaid 
 Principal 
 Balance 

Related 
 Allowance 

Average 
 Recorded 
 Investment 

Interest 
 Income 
 Recognized 

With no allowance recorded: 

Commercial 

Real estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home Equity 

Other 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial 

Real estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home Equity 

Other 

Total: 

Commercial 

Real estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home Equity 

Other 

The Company categorizes
loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial
information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors.
The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis is performed on a monthly basis. The
Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 

 Special
Mention . Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s
close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan
or of the institution s credit position at some future date. Special mention assets are not adversely classified and do not expose
an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. 

 Substandard .
Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral
pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are
characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful .
Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that
the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable
and improbable. 

Real
 estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage
 residential 

Mortgage
 commercial 

Consumer: 

Home
 Equity 

Other 

Total 

(Dollars
 in thousands) 

Special 

December
 31, 2021 
 Pass 
 Mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total 
 
 Commercial,
 financial agricultural 

Real
 estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage
 residential 

Mortgage
 commercial 

Consumer: 

Home
 Equity 

Other 

Total 

Real
 estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home
 equity 

Other 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2021 
 30-59 Days Past Due 
 60-89 Days Past Due 
 Greater than 90 Days and Accruing 
 Nonaccrual 
 Total Past Due 
 Current 
 Total Loans 
 
 Commercial 

Real estate: 

Construction 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

Other 

Total 

Troubled
Debt Restructurings. The Company identifies TDRs as impaired under the guidance in ASC 310-10-35. There were no loans determined
to be TDRs that were restructured during the twelve month period ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Additionally, there were
no loans determined to be TDRs in the previous twelve months that had payment defaults. Defaulted loans are those loans that are greater
than 90 days past due. TDRs that are still accruing and included in impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021
amounted to 88.2 thousand and 1.4 million, respectively 

 In
the determination of the allowance for loan losses, all TDRs are reviewed to ensure that one of the three proper valuation methods (fair
market value of the collateral, present value of cash flows, or observable market price) is adhered to. All non-accrual loans are written
down to its corresponding collateral value. All TDR accruing loans where the loan balance exceeds the present value of cash flow will
have a specific allocation. All nonaccrual loans are considered impaired. Under ASC 310-10, a loan is impaired when it is probable that
the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due including both principal and interest according to the contractual terms of the loan
agreement. 

 Acquired credit-impaired
loans are accounted for under the accounting guidance for loans and debt securities acquired with deteriorated credit quality, found
in FASB ASC Topic 310-30, Receivables Loans and Debt Securities Acquired
with Deteriorated Credit Quality) , and initially measured at fair value, which includes estimated future credit losses expected
to be incurred over the life of the loans. Loans acquired in business combinations with evidence of credit deterioration are considered
impaired. Loans acquired through business combinations that do not meet the specific criteria of FASB ASC Topic 310-30, but for which
a discount is attributable, at least in part to credit quality, are also accounted for under this guidance. Certain acquired loans, including
performing loans and revolving lines of credit (consumer and commercial), are accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 310-20,
where the discount is accreted through earnings based on estimated cash flows over the estimated life of the loan. 

Additions 

Accretion 

Reclassification of non-accretable difference due to improvement in expected cash flows 

Other changes, net 

Accretable yield, end of period 

At December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, the recorded investment in purchased impaired loans was thousand and thousand , respectively. The
unpaid principal balance was thousand and thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, these loans were all secured by commercial real estate. 

New Loans 

Less loan repayments 

Balance, end of year 

Investment Securities Measurement
is on a recurring basis based upon quoted market prices, if available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are measured
using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for
prepayment assumptions, projected credit losses, and liquidity. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such as
the New York Stock Exchange, or by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed
securities issued both by government sponsored enterprises and private label mortgage-backed securities. Generally, these fair values
are priced from established pricing models. Level 3 securities include corporate debt obligations and asset backed securities that
are less liquid or for which there is an inactive market. 

Other investments,
at cost The carrying value of other investments, such as FHLB stock, approximates fair value based on redemption provisions. 

 Loans Held for
Sale The Company originates fixed rate residential loans on a servicing released basis in the secondary market. Loans closed but
not yet settled with an investor, are carried in the Company s loans held for sale portfolio. These loans are fixed rate residential
loans that have been originated in the Company s name and have closed. Virtually all of these loans have commitments to be purchased
by investors at a locked in price with the investors on the same day that the loan was locked in with the Company s customers.
Therefore, these loans present very little market risk for the Company and are classified as Level 2. The carrying amount of these loans
approximates fair value. 

 Loans The valuation
of loans receivable is estimated using the exit price notion which incorporates factors, such as enhanced credit risk, illiquidity risk
and market factors that sometimes exist in exit prices in dislocated markets. This credit risk assumption is intended to approximate
the fair value that a market participant would realize in a hypothetical orderly transaction. The Company s loan portfolio is initially
fair valued using a segmented approach. The Company divides its loan portfolio into the following categories: variable rate loans, impaired
loans and all other loans. The results are then adjusted to account for credit risk as described above. 

Other Real Estate
Owned OREO OREO is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value on a non-recurring basis. Fair value is
based upon independent appraisals or management s estimation of the collateral and is considered a Level 3 measurement. 

 Accrued Interest
Receivable The fair value approximates the carrying value and is classified as Level 1. 

 Deposits The
fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts, and money market accounts is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The
fair value of fixed-maturity certificates of deposits is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using rates currently offered
for deposits of similar remaining maturities. Deposits are classified as Level 2. 

 Federal Home
Loan Bank Advances Fair value is estimated based on discounted cash flows using current market rates for borrowings with similar
terms and are classified as Level 2. 

 Short Term Borrowings The
carrying value of short term borrowings (securities sold under agreements to repurchase and demand notes to the Treasury) approximates
fair value. These are classified as Level 2. 

 Junior Subordinated
Debentures The fair values of junior subordinated debentures are estimated by using discounted cash flow analyses based on incremental
borrowing rates for similar types of instruments. These are classified as Level 2. 

 Accrued Interest
Payable The fair value approximates the carrying value and is classified as Level 1. 

 Commitments to Extend
Credit The fair value of these commitments is immaterial because their underlying interest rates approximate market. 

Available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities 

Other investments, at cost 

Loans held for sale 

Net loans receivable 

Accrued interest 

Financial liabilities: 

Non-interest bearing demand 

Interest bearing demand deposits and money market accounts 

Savings 

Time deposits 

Total deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 

Short term borrowings 

Junior subordinated debentures 

Accrued interest payable 

December 31, 2021 

Carrying 
 Fair Value 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Financial Assets: 

Cash and short term investments 

Available-for-sale securities 

Other investments, at cost 

Loans held for sale 

Net loans receivable 

Accrued interest 

Financial liabilities: 

Non-interest bearing demand 

Interest bearing demand deposits and money market accounts 

Savings 

Time deposits 

Total deposits 

Short term borrowings 

Junior subordinated debentures 

Accrued interest payable 

Government Sponsored Enterprises 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Small Business Administration pools 

State and local government 

Corporate and other securities 

Total Available-for-sale securities 

Loans held for sale 

Total 

(Dollars
in thousands) 

Description 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Available-for-sale securities 

US treasury securities 

Government sponsored enterprises 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Small Business Administration securities 

State and local government 

Corporate and other securities 

Total Available-for-sale securities 

Loans held-for-sale 

Total 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

Other 

Total impaired 

Other real estate owned: 

Construction 

Mortgage-commercial 

Total other real estate owned 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Description 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Impaired loans: 

Commercial Industrial 

Real estate: 

Mortgage-residential 

Mortgage-commercial 

Consumer: 

Home equity 

Other 

Total impaired 

Other real estate owned: 

Construction 

Mortgage-commercial 

Total other real estate owned 

Total 

The Company has a large
percentage of loans with real estate serving as collateral. Loans which are deemed to be impaired are primarily valued on a nonrecurring
basis at the fair value of the underlying real estate collateral. Such fair values are obtained using independent appraisals, which the
Company considers to be Level 3 inputs. Third party appraisals are generally obtained when a loan is identified as being impaired or
at the time it is transferred to OREO. This internal process would consist of evaluating the underlying collateral to independently obtained
comparable properties. With respect to less complex or smaller credits, an internal evaluation may be performed. Generally, the independent
and internal evaluations are updated annually. Factors considered in determining the fair value include geographic sales trends, the
value of comparable surrounding properties as well as the condition of the property. 

Appraisal
 Value/Comparison Sales/Other estimates 
 Appraisals
 and or sales of comparable properties 
 Appraisals discounted to for sales commissions and other holding cost 
 
 Impaired loans 
 
 Appraisal
 Value 
 Appraisals
 and or sales of comparable properties 
 Appraisals
 discounted to for sales commissions and other holding cost 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 
 Valuation Technique 
 Significant Observable Inputs 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 
 OREO 
 
 Appraisal Value/Comparison Sales/Other estimates 
 Appraisals and or sales of comparable properties 
 Appraisals discounted to for sales commissions and other holding cost 
 
 Impaired loans 
 
 Appraisal Value 
 Appraisals and or sales of comparable properties 
 Appraisals discounted to for sales commissions and other holding cost 

Premises 

Equipment 

Fixed assets in progress 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and Equipment Net 

Provision for depreciation
included in operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to 1.6 million, 1.7 million, and 1.6
million, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021 there were no premises held-for-sale. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold a warehouse that
had previously been used for storage. Loss on premises held-for-sale was thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 and gain on
premises held-for-sale was thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. Loss on sale of fixed assets was thousand for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and gain on sale of fixed assets was thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other intangibles 

Gross carrying amount 

Accumulated amortization 

Net 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 

Total 

Amortization
of the intangibles amounted to thousand , thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the sum of the estimated fair values of the tangible and
identifiable intangible assets acquired less the estimated fair value of the liabilities assumed. Goodwill has an indefinite useful
life and is evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be
impaired. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the asset s fair value. Qualitative
factors are assessed to first determine if it is more likely than not (more than 50 that the carrying value of goodwill is less
than fair value. During the year ended December 31, 2022, qualitative factors indicated it was more likely than not that the
carrying value of goodwill was less than fair value, thus 

there were no indicators
of impairment and no quantitative testing was performed. The Company s carrying amount of goodwill at December 31, 2022, and
2021 and changes to the goodwill are summarized as follows: 

Acquired Goodwill 

Impairment 

Balance, end of year 

Additions foreclosures 

Write-downs 

Sales 

Balance, end of year 

Interest bearing demand deposits and money market accounts 

Savings 

Time deposits 

Total deposits 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and after 

Total 

Interest paid
on time deposits of 100 thousand or more totaled thousand , thousand , and thousand in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

 Time deposits that meet
or exceed the FDIC insurance limit of 250 thousand at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were million and million ,
respectively. 

Deposits from
directors and executive officers and their related interests at December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to approximately million and
 million , respectively. 

 The amount of overdrafts
classified as loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were thousand and thousand , respectively. 

Total uninsured deposits were million 
and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Included in uninsured deposits at December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 were million and million of collateralized public funds, respectively. 

and , respectively. The maximum month-end balance during 2022 and 2021 was million 
and million , respectively. The average outstanding balance during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 
million and million , respectively, with an average rate paid of and , respectively. Securities sold under agreements
to repurchase are collateralized by securities with fair market values exceeding the total balance of the agreement. 

 At December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had unused short-term lines of credit totaling million and million respectively. 

million at December 31, 2022. Securities have been pledged as collateral for advances in the amount of 72.6 million as of
December 31, 2022. As collateral for its advances, the Company has pledged in the form of blanket liens, eligible loans, in the
amount of 
million at December 31, 2021. Securities have been pledged as collateral for advances in the amount of 2.7 million as of
December 31, 2021. Advances are subject to prepayment penalties. The average advances during 2022 and 2021 were 
million and 
million , respectively. The average interest rate for 2022 and 2021 was 
and ,
respectively. The maximum outstanding amount at any month end was million and million for 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

 During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 there were no advances that were prepaid. Accordingly, no losses were realized on early extinguishment. 

million . The Trust I securities accrue and pay distributions quarterly at a rate per
annum equal to plus basis points. The distributions are cumulative and payable in arrears. The Company has the right, subject
to events of default, to defer payments of interest on the Trust I securities for a period not to exceed 20 consecutive quarters, provided
no extension can extend beyond the maturity date of September 16, 2034. The Trust I securities are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity
at September 16, 2034. If the Trust I securities are redeemed on or after September 16, 2009, the redemption price will be of the
principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. The Trust I security were eligible to be redeemed in whole but not in part, at any
time prior to September 16, 2009 following an occurrence of a tax event, a capital treatment event or an investment company event. Currently,
these securities qualify under risk-based capital guidelines as Tier 1 capital, subject to certain limitations. The Company has no current
intention to exercise its right to defer payments of interest on the Trust I securities. In 2015, the Company redeemed 500 thousand
of this Trust I security. This resulted in a gain of 130 thousand received in 2015. 

106 

thousand for operating leases and the lease liability
was reduced by thousand . The lease expense recognized during the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021,
December 31, 2020 amounted to thousand , thousand , and thousand , respectively. The weighted average remaining lease
term as of December 31, 2022, is 14.38 years and the weighted average discount rate used is . The following table shows future undiscounted
lease payments for operating leases with initial terms of one year or more as of December 31, 2022. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Less effect of discounting 

Present value of estimated lease payments (lease liability) 

In addition to the leases discussed above,
the Company has entered into a facility lease agreement that will commence on January 1, 2023. The ROU asset and lease liability
are recognized at lease commencement by calculating the present value of lease payments over the lease term. A
right-of-use asset of 823.8 thousand and a lease liability of 824.6 thousand will be recognized upon commencement. The term will be
sixty-nine months with a discount rate of 3.87 . 

State 

Total Current 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Total Deferred 

Income tax expense 

State income tax net of federal benefit 

Tax exempt interest 

Increase in cash surrender value life insurance 

Valuation allowance 

Life Insurance Proceeds 

Excess tax benefit of stock compensation 

Other 

Total 

Excess tax basis of deductible
 intangible assets 

Net operating loss carry forward 

Excess tax basis of assets acquired 

Unrealized losses on available-for-sale
 securities 

Unrealized losses on held-to-maturity
 securities 

Compensation expense deferred
 for tax purposes 

Deferred loss on other-than-temporary-impairment
 charges 

FASB 91 - Origination Income
 Costs 

Tax credit carry-forwards 

Other Real Estate Owned 

Other 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation
 reserve 

Total deferred
 tax asset net of valuation reserve 

Liabilities: 

Tax depreciation in excess of
 book depreciation 

Excess financial reporting basis
 of assets acquired 

Unrealized
 gain on available-for-sale securities 

Total deferred
 tax liabilities 

Net deferred
 tax asset / (liability) recognized 

At December 31, 2022 the Company has approximately million in State net operating losses. A valuation allowance is established to fully offset the deferred tax asset related to these net operating losses of the holding company. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Additional amounts of these deferred tax assets considered to be realizable could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carry forward period are reduced. The net deferred asset is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

A portion of the change in the net deferred tax asset relates to unrealized gains/losses on securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity. The tax benefit related to the change of 9.5 million has been recorded directly to accumulated other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity. The balance in the change in net deferred tax asset results from the current period deferred tax benefit of 366 thousand. At December 31, 2022, the Company had no federal net operating loss carryforward. 

 Tax
returns for 2019 and subsequent years are subject to examination by taxing authorities. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had no material unrecognized tax benefits or accrued interest and penalties. It is the Company s
policy to account for interest and penalties accrued relative to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. 

million 
and million , respectively. 

Commitments to
extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.
Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require a payment of a fee. Since commitments
may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Bank evaluates
each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Bank
upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the party. Collateral held varies but may include
inventory, property and equipment, residential real estate and income producing commercial properties. 

The primary market areas
served by the Bank include the Midlands Region of South Carolina to include Lexington, Richland, Newberry and Kershaw Counties; the Central
Savannah River Region include Aiken County, South Carolina and Richmond and Columbia Counties in Georgia. With the acquisition of Cornerstone,
we also serve Greenville, Anderson and Pickens Counties in South Carolina which we refer to as the Upstate Region. In 2022, the Company
opened a branch in Rock Hill, South Carolina which is located in York County and referred to as the Piedmont Region. Management closely
monitors its credit concentrations and attempts to diversify the portfolio within its primary market area. The Company considers concentrations
of credit risk to exist when pursuant to regulatory guidelines, the amounts loaned to multiple borrowers engaged in similar business
activities represent or more of the Bank s risk based capital, or approximately million . 

Based on this criteria,
the Bank had such concentrations at December 31, 2022, including million of total loans) to lessors of non-residential
property, million of total loans) to lessors of residential properties, million of total loans) to private
households, million of total loans) to other activities related to real estate and million to hotels of total
loans). As reflected above, lessors of non-residential properties and lessors of residential buildings equate to approximately 190.8 
and 79.2 of total regulatory capital, respectively. The risk in these portfolios is diversified over a large number of loans approximately
 for lessors of non-residential properties and loans for lessors of residential buildings. Commercial real estate loans and commercial
construction loans represent million , or , of the portfolio. Approximately million , or , of the total commercial
real estate loans are owner occupied, which can tend to reduce the risk associated with these credits. Although the Bank s loan
portfolio, as well as existing commitments, reflects the diversity of its market areas, a substantial portion of its debtor s ability
to honor their contracts is dependent upon the economic stability of these areas. 

The nature of the business
of the Company and Bank may at times result in a certain amount of litigation. The Bank is involved in certain litigation that is considered
incidental to the normal conduct of business. Management believes that the liabilities, if any, resulting from the proceedings will not
have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows
of the Company. 

Check
Card Fee Income: Check card fee income represents fees earned when a debit card issued by
the Bank is used. The Bank earns interchange fees from debit cardholder transactions through the Mastercard payment network.
Interchange fees from cardholder transactions represent a percentage of the underlying transaction value and are recognized daily,
concurrently with the transaction processing services provided to the cardholder. The performance obligation is satisfied and the
fees are earned when the cost of the transaction is charged to the card. Certain expenses directly associated with the debit card
are recorded on a net basis with the fee income. This income is recognized within Other below. 

Gains/Losses
on OREO Sales: Gains/losses on the sale of OREO are included in non-interest income and are
generally recognized when the performance obligation is complete. This is typically at delivery of control over the property to the buyer
at the time of each real estate closing. 

Mortgage banking income (1) 

Investment
advisory fees and non-deposit commissions (1) 

Gain (loss) on sale of other real estate owned 
 () 

Gain (loss) on sale of other assets 
 () 

Non-recurring income 

Other (2) 

Total non-interest income 

(1) 

(2) 

Recurring income on bank owned life insurance 

Rental income 

Loan late charges 

Safe deposit fees 

Wire transfer fees 

Other 

Total 

ATM/debit card processing 

Software subscriptions and services 

Wire processing fees 

Supplies 

Telephone 

Courier 

Correspondent services 

Insurance 

Debit card and Fraud losses 

Investment advisory and non-deposit
 expense 

Loan processing and closing
 costs 

Director fees 

Legal and Professional fees 

Shareholder expense 

Other 

Total 

110 

Time-Based Restricted Stock Units 

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 

Total stock units reclassified 

1 
 1 
 
 Time-based restricted stock units - officer 
 
 2 
 2 
 
 Performance-based restricted stock units - officer 

Restricted stock officer and director 

Total nonvested restricted stock and stock units 

1 

2 

Non-Employee Director Deferred
Compensation Plan 

 Under the Company s Non-Employee
Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2021, a director may elect to defer all
or any part of annual retainer and monthly meeting fees payable with respect to service on the board of directors or a committee
of the board. Units of common stock are credited to the director s account as of the last day of such calendar quarter during
which the compensation is earned and are included in dilutive securities in the table above. The non-employee director s
account balance is distributed by issuance of common stock within 30 days following such director s separation from service
from the board of directors. 

Accrued liability (dollars in thousands) 1 

Related director compensation expense (dollars in thousands) 

1 

First Community Corporation
2011 Stock Incentive Plan 

 In 2011, the Company and its
shareholders adopted a stock incentive plan whereby 350,000 shares were reserved for issuance by the Company upon the grant of
stock options or restricted stock awards under the plan (the 2011 Plan ). The 2011 Plan provided for the grant of
options to key employees and directors as determined by a stock option committee made up of at least two members of the board
of directors. Options are exercisable for a period of ten years from the date of grant. There were no stock options outstanding
and exercisable at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. The 2011 Plan expired on March 15, 2021 and no
new awards may be granted under the 2011 Plan. However, any awards outstanding under the 2011 Plan will continue to be outstanding
and governed by the provisions of the 2011 Plan. 

 Under the 2011 Plan, the employee
restricted shares and units generally cliff vest over a three-year period and the non-employee director shares vest approximately
one year after issuance. Historically, the Company granted time-based equity awards that vested based on continued service. Beginning
in 2021 and in addition to time-based equity awards, the Company began granting performance-based equity awards in the form of
performance-based restricted stock units, with the target number of performance-based restricted stock units for the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers representing 50 of total target equity awards. These performance-based restricted
stock units cliff vest over three years and include conditions based on the following performance measures: total shareholder
return, return on average equity, and non-performing assets. 

First Community Corporation
2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 

 In 2021, the Company and its shareholders
adopted an omnibus equity incentive plan whereby 225,000 shares were reserved for issuance by the Company to help the company
attract, retain and motivate directors, officers, employees, consultants and advisors of the Company and its subsidiaries (the
 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan replaced the 2011 Plan. 

Performance-based
 restricted stock units officer 3 

Restricted
 stock officer 

Restricted
 stock director 

1 

2 

3 

Performance-based
 restricted stock units officer 3 

Restricted
 stock officer 

Restricted
 stock director 

1 

2 

3 

Performance-based
 restricted stock units officer 2 

Restricted
 stock officer 3 

Restricted
 stock director 4 

1 

2 

3 

4 

Shares / units granted 

Time-based restricted stock units - officer 

Performance-based restricted stock units officer 1 

Restricted stock officer 

Restricted stock director 

Total nonvested restricted stock and stock units 

1 

113 

thousand , thousand , and
 thousand , respectively. The Company matches of the employee s contribution up to and of the employee s
contribution on the next of the employee s contribution. 

 The
Company acquired various single premium life insurance policies from DutchFork Bancshares that are used to indirectly fund fringe benefits
to certain employees and officers. A salary continuation plan was established payable for two key individuals upon attainment of age
 . The plan provides for monthly benefits of each for seventeen years for two individuals. 

 The
company acquires various life insurance policies to fund fringe benefits to certain key employees. The cash surrender value at December
31, 2022 and 2021 of all bank owned life insurance was 30.0 million and 29.2 million, respectively. Expenses accrued for the anticipated
benefits under the salary continuation plans for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 amounted to 492 thousand, 516 thousand,
and 514 thousand, respectively. 

114 

Denominator 

Weighted average common shares outstanding for: 

Basic earnings per common share 

Dilutive securities: 

Deferred compensation 

Diluted common shares outstanding 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

The average market price used in calculating assumed number of shares 

Total Capital 

CET1 

Tier 1 Leverage 

December 31, 2021 

Risk Based Capital 

Tier 1 

Total Capital 

CET1 

Tier 1 Leverage 

(1) 

(2) 

The Federal Reserve
has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve s policies
provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank
holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal
Reserve s policies also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by
standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity
and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary
banks where necessary. In addition, under the prompt corrective action regulations, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends
may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Company to
pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 

 The Company s
principal source of cash flow, including cash flow to pay dividends to its shareholders, is dividends it receives from the Bank. Statutory
and regulatory limitations apply to the Bank s payment of dividends to the Company. As a South Carolina chartered bank, the Bank
is subject to limitations on the amount of dividends that it is permitted to pay. Unless otherwise instructed by the S.C. Board, the
Bank is generally permitted under South Carolina State banking regulations to pay cash dividends of up to of net income in any calendar
year without obtaining the prior approval of the S.C. Board. The FDIC also has the authority under federal law to enjoin a bank from
engaging in what in its opinion constitutes an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its business, including the payment of a dividend
under certain circumstances. 

If the Bank is not permitted
to pay cash dividends to the Company, it is unlikely that we would be able to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Moreover, holders
of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, and if declared by the board of directors. Although
the Company has historically paid cash dividends on its common stock, the Company is not required to do so and the board of directors
could reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. 

116 

Interest bearing deposits 

Securities purchased under agreement to resell 

Investment in bank subsidiary 

Other 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Junior subordinated debentures 

Other 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

Dividend income from bank subsidiary 

Total income 

Expenses: 

Interest expense 

Other 

Total expense 

Income before taxes 

Income tax benefit 

Net income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities 

Equity
 in undistributed earnings of subsidiary 

Other-net 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchase
 of investments at cost 

Net
 cash provided by investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Dividends
 paid: common stock 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock 

Dividend
 Reinvestment Plan 

Change
 in non-vested restricted stock 

Restricted
 stock units granted 

Restricted
 shares surrendered 

Deferred
 compensation shares 

Net
 cash used in financing activities 

Increase
 (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of year 

118 

Interest
 expense 

Net
 interest income 

Provision
 for (release of) loan losses 

Net
 interest income after provision 

Noninterest
 income 

Noninterest
 expense 

Income
 before income taxes 

Taxes 

Net
 income 

Net
 income available to common shareholders 

Net
 income per share, basic 

Net
 income per share, diluted 

2021 
 Total 
 Fourth 
 Quarter 
 Third 
 Quarter 
 Second 
 Quarter 
 First 
 Quarter 
 
 Interest
 income 

Interest
 expense 

Net
 interest income 

Provision
 for (release of) loan losses 

Net
 interest income after provision 

Noninterest
 income 

Noninterest
 expense 

Income
 before income taxes 

Taxes 

Net
 income 

Net
 income available to common shareholders 

Net
 income per share, basic 

Net
 income per share, diluted 

2020 
 Total 
 Fourth 
 Quarter 
 Third 
 Quarter 
 Second 
 Quarter 
 First 
 Quarter 
 
 Interest
 income 

Interest
 expense 

Net
 interest income 

Provision
 for loan losses 

Net
 interest income after provision 

Noninterest
 income 

Noninterest
 expense 

Income
 before income taxes 

Taxes 

Net
 income 

Net
 income available to common shareholders 

Net
 income per share, basic 

Net
 income per share, diluted 

119 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for (release of) loan losses 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Net income (loss) before taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Year ended December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Commercial and Retail Banking 
 Mortgage Banking 
 Investment advisory and non-deposit 
 Corporate 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated 
 
 Dividend and Interest Income 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for (release of) loan losses 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Net income before taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income 

Year ended December 31, 2020 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Commercial and Retail Banking 
 Mortgage Banking 
 Investment advisory and non-deposit 
 Corporate 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated 
 
 Dividend and Interest Income 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for (release of) loan losses 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Net income before taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Commercial and Retail Banking 
 Mortgage Banking 
 Investment advisory and non-deposit 
 Corporate 
 Eliminations 
 Consolidated 
 
 Total Assets as of December 31, 2022 

Total Assets as of December 31, 2021 

121 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

 None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

 Our management,
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, in accordance with Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. We applied
our judgment in the process of reviewing these controls and procedures, which, by their nature, can provide only reasonable assurance
regarding our control objectives. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, were effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding our control
objectives. 

 Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

 Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined
in Rules 13A-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). The Company s system of internal control over financial reporting is
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness
of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of human error and circumvention or overriding
of controls. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to financial statement preparation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

 Management has assessed the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control
over financial reporting described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting based on those criteria. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

 There were no
changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

 Item
9B. Other Information. 

 None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

122 

PART
III 

 Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

 The information
required to be disclosed by this item will be disclosed in our definitive proxy statement to be filed no later than 120 days after December
31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference
from our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 17, 2023. 

 We have adopted
a Code of Ethics that applies to our directors, executive officers (including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer) and employees in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Corporate Responsibility Act of 2002. The Code of Ethics is available on
our web site at www.firstcommunitysc.com . We will disclose any
future amendments to, or waivers from, provisions of these ethics policies and standards on our website as promptly as practicable, as
and to the extent required under NASDAQ Stock Market listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

 Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

 The information
required to be disclosed by this item will be disclosed in our definitive proxy statement to be filed no later than 120 days after December
31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference
from our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 17, 2023. 

 Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

 There are no
outstanding options as of December 31, 2022. 

 The additional
information required to be disclosed by this item will be disclosed in our definitive proxy statement to be filed no later than 120 days
after December 31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. The information required by this Item 12 is set forth
under Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and hereby incorporated by reference from our proxy
statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 17, 2023. 

 Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

 The information
required to be disclosed by this item will be disclosed in our definitive proxy statement to be filed no later than 120 days after December
31, 2022 in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference
from our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 17, 2023. 

 Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

 The information required
to be disclosed by this item will be disclosed in our definitive proxy statement to be filed no later than 120 days after December 31,
2022, in connection with our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference
from our proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on May 17, 2023. 

123 

PART
IV 

 Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

 (a)(1) Financial Statements 

 The following consolidated
financial statements are located in Item 8 of this report. 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
 Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31 for 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

 These schedules
have been omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or have been included in our consolidated financial statements. 

 (a)(3) Exhibits 

 The following exhibits
are required to be filed with this Report on Form 10-K by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 11, 2017, by and between First Community Corporation and Cornerstone Bancorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2017). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 27, 2011). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2019). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws dated May 21, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC
 on May 22, 2019). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description
 of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2019). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan dated July 7, 2003
 (incorporated by reference to Form S-3/D filed with the SEC on July
 14, 2003, File No. 333-107009 , April
 20, 2011, File No. 333-173612 , and January 31, 2019, File No. 333-229442 ). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form
 of Salary Continuation Agreement dated August 2, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on August 3, 2006). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan
 approved September 30, 2006 and Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibits
 10.1 and 10.2 to the Company s
 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2006). 
 
 10.7 
 
 First
 Community Corporation Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2021 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Michael C. Crapps and First Community Corporation dated December 8, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.7 of the Company s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Joseph G. Sawyer and First Community Corporation dated December 8, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.8 of the Company s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between David K. Proctor and First Community Corporation dated December 8, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.9 of the Company s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015). 

10.10 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Robin D. Brown and First Community Corporation dated December 8, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.10 of the Company s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between J. Ted Nissen and First Community Corporation dated December 8, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.11 of the Company s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Tanya A. Butts and First Community Corporation dated April 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.12 of the Company s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2019). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Employment
 Agreement by and between Donald Shawn Jordan and First Community Corporation dated November 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.13 of the Company s Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2019). 
 
 10.14 
 
 First
 Community Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan and Form of Stock Option Agreement and Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated
 by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement filed with April 7, 2011). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to the First Community Corporation 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2016). 

124 

10.16 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC
 on April 22, 2016). 
 
 10.17 
 
 First
 Community Corporation Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with
 the SEC on December 16, 2019). 

10.18 
 
 First
 Community Corporation 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form S-8
 (File No. 333-257550) filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form
 of Time-based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the First Community Corporation 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2022) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form
 of Performance-based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the First Community Corporation 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2022) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors under the First Community Corporation 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2022) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees under the First Community Corporation 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Elliott Davis, LLC. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (contained on the signature page hereto). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 32 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications. 
 
 101 
 
 The following materials from the Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended
 December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31,
 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022,
 2021 and 2020; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document) 

The Exhibits listed above will be furnished
to any security holder free of charge upon written request to the Corporate Secretary, First Community Corporation, 5455 Sunset Blvd.,
Lexington, South Carolina 29072. 

Filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory
 plan or arrangement required to be filed as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b) 
 See listing of Exhibits above for an indication
 of exhibits filed herewith. 

(c) 
 Not applicable. 

125 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 March 22, 2023 
 FIRST
 COMMUNITY CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael C. Crapps 

Michael
 C. Crapps 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

KNOW ALL MEN
BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael C. Crapps, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully
do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

 Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Thomas C. Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 C. Brown 

/s/
 Chimin J. Chao 
 
 Director
 and Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Chimin
 J. Chao 

/s/
 Michael C. Crapps 
 
 Director,
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Michael
 C. Crapps 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 W. James Kitchens, Jr. 
 
 Director
 and Vice Chairman of the Board 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 W.
 James Kitchens, Jr. 

/s/
 Ray E. Jones 
 
 Director

March
 22, 2023 
 
 Ray
 E. Jones 

/s/
 Jan H. Hollar 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Jan
 H. Hollar 

/s/
 Mickey Layden 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Mickey
 Layden 

/s/
 E. Leland Reynolds 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 E.
 Leland Reynolds 

/s/
 Alexander Snipe, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Alexander
 Snipe, Jr. 

/s/
 Jane Sosebee 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Jane
 Sosebee 

/s/
 Edward J. Tarver 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Edward
 J. Tarver 

/s/
 Roderick M. Todd, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Roderick
 M. Todd, Jr. 

/s/
 D. Shawn Jordan 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 D.
 Shawn Jordan 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

126 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 e23093_ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of First Community Corporation: 

 First Community Bank, a South Carolina state-chartered bank 

 FCC Capital Trust I, a Delaware statutory trust 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 e23093_ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Nos. 333-170647, 333-135099, 333-119630, 333-90603, 333-175218, and 333-257550) on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-229442
on Form S-3 of First Community Corporation of our report dated March 22, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements
of First Community Corporation and its subsidiary, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Community Corporation for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Elliott Davis, LLC 

Columbia, South Carolina 

 March 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 e23093_ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief
Executive Officer 

 I, Michael C. Crapps, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First Community Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ Michael C. Crapps 

Michael C. Crapps, 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 e23093_ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief
Financial Officer 

 I, D. Shawn Jordan, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First Community Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 22, 2023 

/s/ D. Shawn Jordan 

D. Shawn Jordan, 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 e23093_ex32.htm

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer
and the Chief Financial Officer of First Community Corporation (the Company ), each certify that, to his knowledge on the
date of this certification: 

1. 
 The annual report of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on this date (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Michael C. Crapps 

Michael C. Crapps 

Chief Executive Officer 

March 22, 2023 

/s/ D. Shawn Jordan 

D. Shawn Jordan 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 22, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fcco-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fcco-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fcco-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fcco-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

