<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1817825_0001213900-23-024007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14329588</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>369303</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1568355</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4586137</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2750039</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4685382</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024007.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329143124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Steele Creek Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001817825
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56189
		FILM NUMBER:		23774548

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 S. COLLEGE ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1690
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28244
		BUSINESS PHONE:		971-719-5750

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 S. COLLEGE ST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1690
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28244

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MSC Capital LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200713

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024007.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_steelecreek.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number: 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.20D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

There is no established trading
market for the Registrant s shares of common stock. 

As of March 29, 2023, the registrant had shares of common
stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Portions of the registrant s
definitive Proxy Statement relating to the registrant s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the registrant s fiscal year, are incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated herein. 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 28 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 63 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 63 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 63 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 63 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholders and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 
 64 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 64 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 65 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 81 
 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 82 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 83 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 83 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 83 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevents inspections 
 
 83 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 84 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 84 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 
 84 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transaction and Director Independence 
 
 84 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 84 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Other Information 
 
 85 
 
 Signatures 

86 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Steele Creek Capital
Corporation (which is referred to as the Company , we , us and our is a financial
services company that primarily invests in syndicated corporate bank loans, bonds, other debt securities, and structured products. We
are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development
company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and has elected to be
treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and to qualify annually thereafter, as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). We were formed on June 3, 2020 as a Delaware limited liability
company under the name MSC Capital LLC. MSC Capital LLC was formed by Steele Creek Investment Management LLC (the Investment Advisor ),
Moelis Asset Management LP and two affiliates (the Members ). On October 7, 2020, MSC Capital LLC converted to a Maryland
corporation, named Steele Creek Capital Corporation. On September 3, 2020, we formed a wholly-owned consolidated special purpose financing
vehicle, Steele Creek Capital Funding I, LLC Funding I ), a Delaware limited liability company. 

We are externally managed
by our Investment Advisor, an indirect subsidiary of Moelis Asset Management LP Moelis Asset ). Our Investment Advisor
is a limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Advisers Act ). Our Investment Advisor also serves as the Administrator of the Company. 

Our
investment objective is to generate high current income by investing primarily in fixed income instruments, including broadly
syndicated bank loans, structured products, mezzanine financings and senior secured bonds. We provide moderate liquidity to our
shareholders by offering a quarterly share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, no shares have been tendered through the
share repurchase program. Broadly syndicated loans are generally more liquid than directly originated investments and may provide
more attractive financing terms than less liquid assets. Mezzanine financings are generally unrated or below investment grade rated
investments that have greater credit and liquidity risk than more highly rated debt obligations. Moreover, mezzanine financings are
generally unsecured and subordinate to other obligations of the obligor and are subject to many of the same risks as those
associated with high-yield debt securities. 

Our investment objective
is expected to be met through the investment in a pool of medium-to-large sized broadly syndicated corporate bank loans, bonds, and other
loans and debt securities. Secondarily, the Company will invest in the debt and equity securities CLO Securities of issuers
of collateralized loan obligations CLOs and securities from restructured or restructuring companies such as debtor in
possession DIP financings and rights offerings. The majority of the investments are expected to be rated below investment
grade by a rating agency. Investments that are rated below investment grade are sometimes referred to as high yield bonds, 
 junk bonds or leveraged loans (i.e., loans to companies with existing debt). Our corporate debt securities
and CLO debt investments typically have maturities of three to ten years. The Company can invest in both equity and junior debt tranches
of CLOs. 

We utilize leverage
to enhance our returns and we are limited under the 1940 Act as a BDC on the amount of leverage we can utilize. 

As of December 31,
2022, our investment portfolio was comprised of 164 first lien and second lien floating rate loans principally to large U.S. based companies
that totaled approximately 127,619 thousand at fair value and our net asset value NAV was 50,375 thousand. Due to the
liquidity in our portfolio and the leverage loan market, we invested 163,582 thousand and received 133,480 thousand from investments
sold or repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2021, our investment portfolio was comprised
of 130 floating rate loans principally to large U.S. based companies that totaled approximately 106,997 thousand at fair value and our
net asset value NAV was 46,993 thousand. Due to the liquidity in our portfolio and the leverage loan market, we invested
 606,314 thousand and received 569,373 thousand from investments sold or repaid during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

1 

Our Investment Advisor 

Steele Creek Investment Management LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, serves as our investment advisor and is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC. Subject to the supervision
of our Board of Directors (the Board ), a majority of which is made up of directors that are not interested persons 
as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act Independent Directors ), our Investment Advisor manages our day-to-day operations
and provides us with investment advisory and management services and certain administrative services. Directors who are interested
persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act are referred to herein as Interested Directors. Our Investment
Advisor is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Moelis Asset, indirectly controlled by Kenneth Moelis, and specializes in broadly syndicated
loan investments. 

The
Investment Advisor s investment team (the Investment Team is responsible for identifying investment opportunities,
conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, structuring our investments, and monitoring and servicing our investments.
As of December 31, 2022, the Investment Team was comprised of 11 investment
professionals, all of whom dedicate a substantial portion of their time to the Company. These individuals may have additional responsibilities
other than those relating to us, but generally allocate a substantial portion of their time in support of our business and our investment
objective as a whole. In addition, the Investment Advisor believes that, from its own resources and from that of its affiliate, Moelis
Asset, it has access to excellent support personnel, including expertise in risk management, legal, accounting, tax, information technology
and compliance, among others. We benefit from the support provided by these personnel in our operations. The Investment Team employs
a bottom-up analysis. The senior members of the Investment Team have been actively involved in the broadly syndicated loan investing
market for an average of over 20 years and have built strong relationships
with private equity sponsors, banks and financial intermediaries. 

The
Investment Advisor has an investment committee (the Investment Committee comprised of nine members that is responsible
for approving all of our investments. The Investment Committee is chaired by Glenn Duffy, and the other members of the Investment Committee
are Matthew Stouffer, Michael Audino, Alan DeKeukelaere, Paul Cal, Christopher Ryan, Jay Murphy, Nick Skudlarek, and Max Wagenberg. 

The day to day management of the portfolio is
overseen by the Investment Advisor s Chief Investment Officer, Head of Portfolio Management Trading, Chief Operating Officer
and Senior Portfolio Manager. The extensive experience of the investment professionals serving on the Investment Committee includes expertise
in broadly syndicated loans. The Investment Committee employs a due diligence process that assesses a prospective borrower s credit
risk and loss in default by examining the borrower s financial projections, management teams, and relative value, and by modeling
various default scenarios and other factors. The Investment Committee requires supermajority (two-thirds) approval, including by the
Chief Investment Officer for all investment decisions taken, including the origination or purchase of new investments, by the Investment
Advisor on our behalf. Additionally, the supermajority must include at least one member who is a representative of Moelis Asset. 

The Investment Advisor has entered into a Resource Sharing Agreement
(the Resource Sharing Agreement with Moelis Asset, pursuant to which Moelis Asset will provide the Investment Advisor with
access to the resources of Moelis Asset so as to enable the Investment Advisor to fulfill its obligations under the investment advisory
agreement between the Investment Advisor and the Company (the Investment Advisory Agreement and administration agreement
between the Administrator and the Company (the Administration Agreement ). Through the Resource Sharing Agreement, the Investment
Advisor leverages the Moelis Asset infrastructure, including finance, accounting, legal, compliance and information technologies assistance.
There can be no assurance that Moelis Asset will perform its obligations under the Resource Sharing Agreement. The Resource Sharing Agreement
may be terminated upon 30 days notice if there is a breach by either party, or by either party on 90 days notice, which
if terminated may have a material adverse consequence on the Company s operations. 

The Investment Advisor, in its capacity as Administrator,
provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate pursuant to the Administration Agreement. The Administrator has also
entered into an agreement (the Sub-Administration Agreement to delegate certain administrative functions to U.S. Bank
(the Sub-Administrator ). 

The Board, including
a majority of the Independent Directors, will review the compensation paid to the Administrator to determine if the provisions of the
Administration Agreement are carried out satisfactorily and to determine, among other things, whether the fees payable under the Administration
Agreement are reasonable in light of the services provided. The Board will consider the possibility of obtaining the services from a
third-party and whether any single third-party service provider would be capable of providing all such services at comparable cost and
quality. 

2 

Moelis Asset Management 

Moelis Asset, the owner of the Investment Advisor,
is a Delaware limited partnership formerly known as Moelis Company Holdings LP, which, as of April 2014, acts as the parent company
for various Kenneth Moelis-affiliated alternative asset management firms due to the initial public offering of Moelis Company,
a Delaware corporation Moelis Company ). These Moelis Asset firms are wholly-owned by or are joint ventures with
unaffiliated parties, and include Freeport Financial Partners LLC (direct lending), Gracie Asset Management (credit funds), Moelis Capital
Partners LLC (private equity), Archean Capital Partners (seed investments in private equity managers), Collegium Global Partners LLC
(seed investments in hedge fund managers), Crossbeam Venture Partners LLC (venture capital) and Third Crest Capital, LLC (algorithmic
trading). Moelis Asset is under common control with Moelis Company. Moelis Company is a leading global independent investment
bank that provides innovative strategic and financial advice to a diverse client base, including corporations, governments, sovereign
wealth funds and financial sponsors. Moelis Company and Moelis Asset are separate legal entities and Moelis Company does
not have any ownership interest in Moelis Asset. Kenneth Moelis remains the ultimate controlling shareholder of both Moelis Asset and
Moelis Company (collectively, Moelis however he does not exercise governance or investment control over the individual
investment advisers of Moelis Asset. Moelis Asset is provided certain administrative services by Moelis Company pursuant to a services
agreement, and also provides certain infrastructure to the Investment Advisor. 

Market Opportunity 

The Investment Team is responsible for identifying
investment opportunities, conducting research and due diligence on prospective investments, and monitoring and servicing our investments.
The Investment Team believes that existing market conditions have combined to create an attractive investment environment for us. 

Specifically: 

The universe of broadly-syndicated
 fixed and floating rate loans BSL and corporate debt provides an opportunity set that the Investment Team believes
 offers an attractive risk-adjusted return. Specifically, the Investment Team believes it can generate strong returns and mitigate
 risk by: (i) seeking the best relative value, which may equate to buying new loans or other corporate debt issuances at a discount
 or purchasing in the secondary market, and (ii) seeking to buy loans or other corporate debt issuances that the Investment Team believes
 are high quality with strong fundamentals and low default risk capable of withstanding significant downward pricing pressure. 

The corporate debt market segment that the Investment Team will focus
on is industry diverse and broad, and includes medium-to-large private and public multinational companies. The BSL market is approximately
 1.41 trillion and offers a plethora of investment opportunities throughout the credit cycle. With the U.S. economy currently under
stress, the Investment Team believes there are a significant number of misvalued BSLs that should offer strong returns for investors with
a medium-to-long term investment horizon. Other types of attractive investment opportunities such as DIPs and rights offerings typically
conducted by distressed issuers will become available as we move further down the credit cycle. 

The Investment Team believes
 that CLO Securities have been a steady source of returns for investors historically and has the potential to offer investors high
 cash on cash returns with low credit risk and low correlation to traditional asset classes. Given that CLOs are floating rate instruments
 designed to mitigate interest rate sensitivity, investors may not directly suffer the same adverse effects that other asset classes
 may experience due to rising interest rates. The Investment Team has a strong track record of investing in CLO Securities, and believes
 that the strong risk-adjusted returns of investing in CLO Securities continue to offer attractive relative value. 

The Investment Team further
 believes that there are currently favorable opportunities to invest at attractive expected risk-adjusted returns, including opportunities
 to make acquisitions of other companies or investment portfolios at attractive values during the current period of disruption and
 volatility in the financial markets. 

3 

Investment Strategy 

The Investment Advisor believes that the Company s
investment objective can be achieved by primarily investing in first lien secured loans, CLO Securities, and to a lesser extent second
lien and unsecured debt, which in some cases includes an equity component. First and second lien secured loans generally are senior debt
instruments that are backed by an asset pledge and rank ahead of unsecured debt in a payment priority of a given portfolio company. These
loans also have the benefit of security interests on the assets of the portfolio company, which may rank ahead of or be junior to other
security interests. The Investment Advisor believes that the Company s investment objective can be achieved by primarily investing
in a pool of medium-to-large sized broadly syndicated corporate bank loans, bonds, and other loans and debt securities. Secondarily,
the Company will invest in CLO Securities and securities from restructured or restructuring companies such as DIP financings and rights
offerings. The Company s investments can include first lien secured loans, CLO Securities, and to a lesser extent second lien and
unsecured debt, which in some cases includes an equity component, of small to large U.S. companies. First and second lien secured loans
generally are senior debt instruments that are backed by an asset pledge and rank ahead of unsecured debt in a payment priority of a
given portfolio company. These loans also have the benefit of security interests on the assets of the portfolio company, which may rank
ahead of or be junior to other security interests. A significant portion of the loans in which the Company may invest or get exposure
to through its investments in structured securities may be deemed Covenant-Lite Loans, which means the loans contain fewer
or no maintenance covenants than other loans and do not include terms which allow the lender to monitor the performance of the borrower
and declare a default if certain criteria are breached. 

We will seek to maximize returns and minimize
risk for our investors by applying detailed, fundamental credit analysis to make and monitor our portfolio investments. While the structure
of our investments may vary, the Company can invest in senior secured debt, senior unsecured debt, subordinated secured debt, subordinated
unsecured debt, convertible debt, convertible preferred equity, preferred equity, common equity, warrants and other instruments, many
of which generate current yield. While our primary focus is to seek current income through investment in the debt of eligible privately-held
companies, we may invest up to 30 of the portfolio in other purchases (either in the primary or secondary markets), including, for example,
the equity and junior debt tranches of CLO Securities. Junior debt tranches of CLOs are subordinated and subject to prior repayment of
different classes of senior debt that may be in priority ahead of the debt held by the company. 

Structurally, CLOs are entities that are formed
to hold a portfolio of senior secured loans made to companies whose debt is generally rated below investment grade or, in limited circumstances,
unrated. The senior secured loans within a CLO are generally limited to senior secured loans which meet specified credit and diversity
criteria and are subject to concentration limitations in order to create an investment portfolio that is diverse by senior secured loan,
borrower, and industry, with limitations on the number of non-U.S. borrowers. Within our 30 basket, we may make additional investments
in debt and equity securities of financial companies and companies located outside of the United States, including emerging markets. 

In addition, portfolio investments may also include
corporate structured credit, CLO warehouses, collateralized debt obligations CDOs ), swaps, asset backed securities, preferred
shares, corporate bonds, corporate bank loans, preferred stock, municipal bonds or loans and convertible securities. A CLO warehouse
is a form of structured credit. Prior to a CLO closing, a CLO warehouse will be formed as a special purpose vehicle, which will purchase
and warehouse a portion of the underlying loans that will be held by the CLO. The Company seeks to invest in credit and
other assets that the Investment Advisor believes have strong structural protections, limited downside, and low long-term beta to the
broader credit and equity markets. Beta measures the sensitivity of a security s or portfolio s return to the market s
return. Portfolios with high betas are generally more volatile than the market, and portfolios with low betas are less volatile. 

While not our primary investment objective, our
investments may include equity investments, such as warrants, options to buy a minority interest in a portfolio company, or contractual
payment rights or rights to receive a proportional interest in the operating cash flow or net income of such company. When determined
by the Investment Advisor to be in our best interest, we may acquire a controlling interest in a portfolio company. Any warrants we receive
with our debt securities may require only a nominal cost to exercise, and thus, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve
additional investment return from equity interests. 

4 

Our Investment Advisor may sell all or a portion
of a position of the Company s portfolio holdings when, in its opinion, one or more of the following occurs, among other reasons:
(1) the deterioration of an issuer s fundamentals; (2) changes in business strategy or key personnel; (3) rating agency downgrades
or a decline in credit quality metrics; or (4) the Investment Advisor finds more attractive investment opportunities for the Company. 

We elected to be treated for U.S. federal income
tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally do not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes
on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To qualify and maintain our status as a
RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition,
to qualify for RIC tax treatment, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment
company taxable income, which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over
our realized net long-term capital losses. 

The Investment Advisor has the ability to invest
in both illiquid and less liquid securities. Investment analyses and decisions may be undertaken on an expedited basis to take advantage
of investment opportunities. In these cases, the information available to the Investment Advisor at the time of making an investment
decision may be limited. The Company will employ leverage, with a debt-to-equity ratio no greater than 2:1. The Investment Advisor may
employ techniques to hedge investment risk, including without limitation, the use of futures, forward contracts and options, swaps and
short positions. 

The following is an
illustrative list of the industries in which we have invested. We may also invest in other industries if we are presented with attractive
opportunities. 

Aerospace 
 Defense 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 
 Automotive 
 
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance
 Real Estate 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing
 Publishing 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 Media: Broadcasting 
 Subscription 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 
 
 Metals Mining 
 
 Construction Building 
 
 Retail 
 
 Consumer goods: Durable 
 
 Services: Business 
 
 Consumer goods: Non-durable 
 
 Services: Consumer 
 
 Containers, Packaging 
 Glass 
 
 Telecommunications 
 
 Energy: Electricity 
 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 
 
 Transportation: Consumer 
 
 Forest Products Paper 
 
 Utilities: Electric 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 
 Utilities: Oil Gas 

Listed below are the
top ten industries in which our senior secured floating rate loans were invested as of December 31, 2022, represented as a
percentage of our consolidated investment portfolio at fair value: 

Industry 
 As
 of December 31, 2022 
 
 Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 
 14.3 
 
 Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 12.4 
 
 Services:
 Business 
 11.8 
 
 High
 Tech Industries 
 8.6 
 
 Telecommunications 
 7.3 
 
 Aerospace
 Defense 
 5.1 
 
 Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 
 4.3 
 
 Capital
 Equipment 
 3.8 
 
 Transportation:
 Cargo 
 3.7 
 
 Containers,
 Packaging Glass 
 3.5 

5 

Listed below are the
top ten industries in which our senior secured floating rate loans were invested as of December 31, 2021, represented as a
percentage of our consolidated investment portfolio at fair value: 

Industry 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 16.4 
 
 Services: Business 
 11.4 
 
 Telecommunications 
 10.6 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 10.6 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 7.6 
 
 Aerospace Defense 
 6.4 
 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 4.9 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 
 4.8 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 4.4 
 
 Retail 
 3.7 

Investment Approach 

The Investment Advisor employs an active investment
strategy with a bottom-up approach to portfolio construction. The investment strategy is predicated on intensive credit underwriting
process and active portfolio management and surveillance. The Investment Team of the Investment Advisor independently assesses the creditworthiness
of the investment, quantifies the risk of each investment using the Investment Advisor s proprietary credit grading methodology,
measures the value cushion for each investment to determine recovery in a downside scenario, evaluates relative value, and analyzes governing
agreements using a proprietary structure grade. Industry factors are considered as part of the underwriting process, as well as in portfolio
construction. Surveillance extends the initial investment review process throughout the life of an investment, and the Investment Advisor
has an ongoing portfolio risk monitoring process to identify deteriorating situations or investment opportunities. Finally, the investment
approach is periodically refined as portfolio management actively responds to changing credit environments and manages for optimal risk
adjusted returns. Risk-adjusted returns is a measure of the excess return per unit of risk in an investment strategy. 

We believe our significant experience in analyzing
and investing in corporate and structured credit provides us with a strong competitive advantage over other lenders with more limited
experience investing in these markets. The Investment Advisor has deep expertise in evaluating, underwriting, monitoring and trading
senior secured first lien loans and other corporate debt securities. In addition, the Investment Advisor also has deep expertise in evaluating
the investment merits and structural considerations of CLO Securities. 

Investing in Corporate Debt Securities On
a primary or secondary basis, we purchase senior secured debt securities that have been sold to a syndicate of buyers. A first lien senior
secured debt security holds a senior position in the issuer s capital structure and is typically secured by collateral such that,
under normal circumstances, holders (such as the Company) enjoy a priority claim to some or all of the issuer s assets in the event
of default as compared to other creditors of the issuer. Second lien and more junior loans Junior Lien Loans are generally
second or further in line in terms of repayment priority. In addition, Junior Lien Loans may have a claim on the same collateral pool
as the first lien or more senior liens or may be secured by a separate set of assets. Junior Lien Loans generally give investors priority
over general unsecured creditors in the event of an asset sale. Junior Lien Loans generally offer higher spreads to compensate for the
subordinate claim on collateral. Variable and floating-rate fixed income instruments generally pay interest at rates that adjust whenever
a specified interest rate changes and/or reset on predetermined dates (such as the last day of a month or calendar quarter). 

Investing in CLOs The underlying
portfolio of each CLO is typically diversified across approximately 200-250 broadly syndicated loans and does not typically have direct
exposure to real estate, mortgages, or consumer-based credit assets. CLOs are actively managed and typically have a three to five-year
reinvestment period. The CLOs in which we invest are managed by established collateral management teams with many years of experience
in the industry. CLO investments may also include interests in CLO warehouses. 

We will seek to maximize returns, including both
current yield and capital appreciation, by applying our rigorous underwriting process and through our active credit surveillance and
portfolio management strategy. We have longstanding relationships with arranging banks and access to primary and secondary investment
opportunities. 

The Investment Advisor believes it can mitigate
risk by: (i) seeking the best relative value, which may equate to buying new loans and CLO Securities in the primary market at a discount
or purchasing in the secondary market, and (ii) seeking to buy loans and CLO Securities that the Investment Advisor believes have strong
fundamentals and low default risk. 

6 

Investment Process 

Senior Secured Loans 

The Investment Advisor believes its senior secured
loan investment strategy and process has been consistent throughout multiple credit cycles. The Investment Advisor s senior secured
loan strategy is predicated on the view that investing in first lien secured loans is an optimal strategy over the course of a credit
cycle. Given the idiosyncratic nature of secured loans, it is essential that an Investment Team focuses on the credit worthiness and
downside risks for each individual loan issuer. 

There are a multitude of factors that the Investment
Advisor s Investment Team evaluates while underwriting a credit investment opportunity: historical and projected operating performance,
cash flow generating capabilities, debt capacity, industry risks and position, quality of management, enterprise value and cushion vs.
bank debt, collateral/structure quality, independent credit grading, loss in default, and relative value, in addition to other factors.
The Investment Advisor s investment committee oversees the quality of underwriting and ultimately determines the investment s
eligibility. 

Research analysts at the Investment Advisor are
each responsible for coverage of specific industry verticals. The Investment Advisor s research analysts average over 18 years of
industry experience and have a deep understanding of their respective industries and credit underwriting in general. As it relates to
the underwriting process, each analyst draws not only on their personal analytical skillset but also utilize their access to multiple
sources of information: management, private and public research, consultants, industry participants, sponsors, and other sources. 

At the conclusion of the underwriting process,
the credit analyst delivers an underwriting memo and presents a formal investment recommendation to the Investment Advisor s Investment
Committee and all research analysts. We believe that given the vast experience of all our research analysts, this format results in a
collaborative process that generates more insightful questions and answers and ultimately leads to better investment decisions. The Investment
Committee requires supermajority (two-thirds) approval, including by the Chief Investment Officer, for all investment decisions taken,
including the origination or purchase of new investments, by the Investment Advisor on our behalf. The supermajority must include at least
one member who is a representative of Moelis Asset. 

Of equal importance, the ongoing monitoring process
of each loan investment is as important as the initial purchasing decision. The experienced research staff perform ongoing monitoring
of portfolio companies and industries, while maintaining a current investment thesis, credit grade, relative value analysis and buy/hold/sell
recommendation. The primary purpose of the monitoring process is for early detection of underperformance and to exit these situations
to minimize loss. 

Our Investment Team has significant experience
in managing corporate credit portfolios through all phases of their lifecycle and across market conditions. The team has significant
knowledge in trading, portfolio management, research, workout and restructuring, compliance and operations. The Investment Advisor s
consistent and thorough investment process make it uniquely qualified to achieve the Company s objective of maximizing total return
while minimizing risk. 

CLO Securities 

The Investment Advisor s CLO investment
strategy and process is based on three key factors: the underlying loan collateral of the CLO, structure and governing documentation
of the CLO, and the collateral manager of the CLO. 

Our bottom-up investment approach extends to
our CLO investment strategy. The Investment Advisor leverages its research team s extensive experience to review and grade each
underlying portfolio investment. From a top-down perspective we stratify the portfolio and asses the weighted-average rating factor WARF ),
rating distribution, diversity, spread, liquidity, facility size, and price distribution among others. 

The Investment Advisor finds CLO structures to
be far from standardized and believes it is essential to analyze the nuances of each structure and the underlying documentation. Key
structural features that are identified and analyzed include optional redemption rights, collateral quality and concentration limitations,
reinvestment language flexibility, consent rights for supplemental indentures, and the ability to flush excess par to the equity holders,
in addition to others. 

The collateral manager of the CLO is the third
factor the Investment Advisor devotes a significant time analyzing. The Investment Advisor has established a framework for assessing
the investment philosophy and process, platform stability, track record, and organizational structure and alignment of each collateral
manager. The Investment Advisor tracks data compiled from third-party sources such as sell side research and Bloomberg, as well as proprietary
internal systems to create a detailed analysis of the CLO collateral manager universe. Additionally, due diligence is performed on collateral
managers via in-person meetings and via telephone calls. 

7 

Managerial Assistance 

As a BDC, we must offer,
and must provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to certain of our eligible portfolio companies. This assistance could
involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting
with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. The Administrator or an
affiliate thereof will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request such assistance. We may receive
fees for these services and will reimburse the Administrator or an affiliate of the Administrator for its allocated costs in providing
such assistance. 

Competition 

Our primary competitors
in providing debt financing include public and private funds, other business development companies, commercial and investment banks,
commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many
of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For
example, we believe some competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors
may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and
establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940
Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our qualification as a RIC. 

Investment Advisory Agreement; Administration
Agreement 

Investment Advisory Agreement 

We do not have any employees. Subject to the
overall supervision of our Board and in accordance with the 1940 Act, our day-to-day investment operations are managed by the Investment
Advisor. Pursuant to its Resource Sharing Agreement with Moelis Asset, the Investment Advisor will have access to Moelis Asset s
resources. The Investment Advisor may hire additional investment professionals to provide services to us, based upon its needs. 

We have entered into the Investment Advisory
Agreement with the Investment Advisor, pursuant to which the Investment Advisor will provide investment advisory service to us. Under
the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Investment Advisor determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing
of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the
investments we make; performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; executes, closes, services and monitors the investments
we make; determines the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell; and provides us with such other investment
advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of our funds. 

Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement,
we will pay the Investment Advisor a fee for its investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base
management fee and an incentive fee. 

The Investment Advisor has agreed to waive its
fees (base management and incentive fee), without recourse against or reimbursement by us, for any quarter prior to the occurrence of
a Liquidity Event (as defined below) to the extent required in order for the Company to earn a quarterly net investment income plus net
realized capital gains to maintain a targeted annual distribution payment on shares of common stock outstanding on the relevant payment
dates of 6.0 based on our net asset value per share (to be paid on a quarterly basis). A Liquidity Event means, at the
discretion of the Board: (a) (1) the listing of the Company s common stock on a national securities exchange (a Listing ),
or (2) an initial public offering of the Company s common stock (an IPO ), or (b) with the requisite approval of our
stockholders as required by applicable law, a corporate control transaction, which may include a strategic sale of the Company or all
or substantially all of our assets to, or a merger with, another entity, or another type of corporate control event (which may include
a transaction with an affiliated entity, including an affiliated 1940 Act fund) for consideration in cash or publicly listed securities
of such entity or a combination of cash and such publicly listed securities (collectively, a Corporate Control Transaction ).
Distributions, if any, after a Liquidity Event, will not be subject to a fee waiver. 

8 

Base Management Fee 

The
base management fee is calculated at a maximum annual rate of 1.0 of the average of the weighted average (based on the number of shares
outstanding each day in the quarter) of our gross assets (including uninvested cash and cash equivalents) at the end of each of the two
most recently completed calendar quarters. The base management
fee for any partial quarter is pro-rated based on the number of days actually elapsed in that quarter relative to the total number of
days in such quarter. 

Incentive Fee 

Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement,
the incentive fee will consist of an income-based component and a capital gains component. 

The portion of the incentive fee based on income
is determined and paid quarterly in arrears commencing with the first calendar quarter following the Company s election to be regulated
as a BDC, and equals 15 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of a 1.5 quarterly (or 6 annually) hurdle
rate. There are no catch-up provisions applicable to income-based incentive fees under the Investment Advisory Agreement. 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income means
interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence,
managerial and consulting fees or other fees the Company receives from portfolio companies) that the Company accrues, minus the Company s
operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement we have entered
into with the Administrator, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding indebtedness or preferred stock,
respectively, but excluding, for avoidance of doubt, the income-based incentive fee accrued under GAAP). Pre-incentive fee net investment
income also includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as OID, debt instruments with pay in kind interest
and zero coupon securities), accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash. The Investment Advisor is not under any obligation
to reimburse the Company for any part of the income-based incentive fees it received that was based on accrued interest that the Company
never actually received. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a quarter
where we incur a loss. For example, if we receive pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate for a quarter,
we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. 

The portion of the incentive fee based on capital
gains is payable at the end of each calendar year in arrears, equals 15 of cumulative realized capital gains from the date of the Company s
election to be regulated as a BDC to the end of each calendar year, less cumulative net realized capital losses and unrealized capital
depreciation. We will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation. 

In determining the capital gains incentive fee
payable to the Investment Advisor, we calculate the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains and cumulative aggregate realized capital
losses since our inception, and the aggregate unrealized capital depreciation as of the date of the calculation, as applicable, with
respect to each of the investments in our portfolio. For this purpose, cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equals the
sum of the differences between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost of such investment since our
inception. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals the sum of the amounts by which the net sales price of each investment,
when sold, is less than the original cost of such investment since our inception. Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation equals the
sum of the difference, if negative, between the valuation of each investment as of the applicable calculation date and the original cost
of such investment. At the end of the applicable year, the amount of capital gains that serves as the basis for our calculation of the
capital gains incentive fee equals the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses,
less aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, with respect to our portfolio of investments. 

The incentive fee amount and the calculations
pertaining thereto, as appropriate, will be pro-rated for any period less than a full calendar quarter or year. 

9 

Fee Waivers 

On February 18, 2021, the Company and the Advisor
executed a Waiver Letter (the Waiver ), whereby the Advisor agrees to waive all or such portion of the Base Management Fee,
the Income Incentive Fee and the Capital Incentive Fee (collectively the Fees that they would otherwise be entitled to
receive under the Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2020 (the Agreement for any quarter prior to
a Liquidity Event to the extent required in order for the Company to earn a quarterly net investment income plus net realized capital
gains to maintain an annual distribution payment to shares of common stock outstanding of 6.0 . The Company s performance will impact
the amount and timing of the fee waivers. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board
executed a fee waiver to reduce the basis for the quarterly management fee from gross assets to fair value of investments. This fee waiver
will be evaluated annually. 

Payment of Our Expenses 

All professionals of the Investment Advisor,
when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us, and the compensation and routine overhead
expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement will be provided and paid for
by the Investment Advisor and not by us. We will bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions,
including our allocable portion of overhead and rental expenses under the Administration Agreement. 

Duration and Termination 

Unless terminated earlier as described below,
the Investment Advisory Agreement was in effect for a period of two years from its effective date. It will remain in effect from year
to year thereafter if approved annually by our Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting
securities, and, in either case, if also approved by a majority of our Independent Directors. The Investment Advisory Agreement
automatically terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by the Investment Advisor and may be terminated by
either party without penalty upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other. The holders of a majority of our outstanding
voting securities may also terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement without penalty upon 60 days written notice. 

On
August 15, 2022 the Board approved the renewal of the Investment Advisory Agreement which automatically renews for successive one-year
periods each September 17th; provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by the vote of the Board or by
the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and the vote of a majority of the Independent Directors, in
accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. 

The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that,
absent criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless
disregard of its duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Investment Advisor and its professionals and any
other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Investment Advisor s
services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. 

Board Approval of the Investment Advisory
Agreement 

Our Board determined at a meeting held on October
5, 2020, to approve the Investment Advisory Agreement. In its consideration of the approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the
Board focused on current, historical and projected information it had received relating to, among other things: 

the nature, extent and
 quality of services to be performed by the Investment Advisor; 

the investment performance
 of the Company and that of its predecessors and the proposed portfolio managers of the Company with other investment portfolios with
 similar strategies to the Company, if any; 

the anticipated costs of
 providing services to the Company; 

the anticipated profitability
 of the relationship between the Company and the Investment Advisor; 

10 

comparative information
 on fees and expenses borne by other comparable BDCs or registered investment companies and, as applicable, other advised accounts; 

comparative BDCs 
 or registered investment companies performance and other competitive factors; 

the extent to which economies
 of scale would be realized as the Company grows; and 

whether proposed fee levels
 reflect these economies of scale for the benefit of the Company s investors 

Administration
Agreement 

The Administration Agreement provides that the
Administrator will furnish us with office facilities and equipment and will provide us with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and
other administrative services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will perform, or oversee the
performance of, our required administrative services, which will include being responsible for the financial and other records that we
are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports and other materials filed with the SEC. In addition, the
Administrator will assist us in determining and publishing our net asset value, oversee the preparation and filing of our tax returns
and the printing and dissemination of reports and other materials to our stockholders, and generally oversee the payment of our expenses
and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator
will also provide managerial assistance on our behalf to those portfolio companies that have accepted our offer to provide such assistance. 

Under the Administration Agreement, we will reimburse
the Administrator based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of our Board) of the Administrator s overhead
(including rent) in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with
performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, and
any of their respective staff who provide services to us, operations staff who provide services to us, and internal audit staff, if any,
to the extent internal audit performs a role in our Sarbanes-Oxley internal control assessment. In addition, if requested to provide
significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, the Administrator will be paid an additional amount based on the services
provided, which shall not exceed the amount we receive from such portfolio companies for providing this assistance. The Administration
Agreement will have an initial term of two years and thereafter may be renewed annually with the approval of our Board. The Administration
Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. To the extent that
the Administrator outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any
incremental profit to the Administrator. 

On August 15, 2022 the Board approved the renewal
of the Administration Agreement which automatically renews for successive one-year periods each September 17th; provided that such continuance
is specifically approved at least annually by the vote of the Board or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities
of the Company and the vote of a majority of the members of the Company s Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested
persons (as such term defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of any such party, in accordance with the Investment
Company Act . 

Portfolio Valuation 

We invest primarily
in less liquid securities, including broadly syndicated bank loans. These investments may be subject to restriction on resale and may
have no established market. We value our investments on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if required, in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and the 1940 Act. For additional information concerning
valuation, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Valuation Procedures. 

Private Offering 

We have entered into and expect to enter into
separate subscription agreements (each, a Subscription Agreement and collectively, the Subscription Agreements with a number of investors for the private placement of Common Stock (the Private Offering ). To purchase shares in the
Private Offering, investors must complete and sign a Subscription Agreement for a specific dollar amount equal to or greater than 25,000
and pay such amount at the time of subscription. Subsequent investments may be made in an amount not less than 5,000. Subscriptions
will be effective only upon our acceptance, and we reserve the right to reject any subscription in whole or in part. All purchases will
be made at a per-share price as determined by the Board (including any committee thereof). The per-share price shall be at least equal
to the net asset value per share, as of a time within ten business days of the sale date, in accordance with the requirement contained
in Section 23 of the 1940 Act. The Board (including any committee thereof) may set the per-share price above the net asset value per
share based on a variety of factors, including, without limitation, to ensure that investors acquiring shares in the Company after other
investors have already done so are apportioned their pro rata portion of the Company s organizational and offering expenses. 

11 

Borrowings 

On October 13, 2020, we entered into a two-year
secured revolving Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with BNP Paribas BNP as lender and administrative
agent (the BNP Credit Facility providing a maximum of 45,000 thousand Maximum Facility Amount to Steele
Creek Capital Funding I, LLC Funding I ). The Company created a wholly owned subsidiary, Funding I, which holds the
Company s investments, and a first priority continuing security interest in, to and under each investment, all underlying investments
and underlying assets has been granted to BNP to be used as collateral for the BNP Credit Facility. During the BNP Credit Facility s
revolving period (earlier of the termination by the borrower or twelve-month anniversary of the closing date), the BNP Credit Facility
bears interest at London Interbank Offered Rate, LIBOR ), plus 175 basis points. We believe that our capital resources
will provide us with the flexibility to take advantage of market opportunities when they arise. 

Funding I is required to pay an administrative
agent fee equal to 25 thousand per annum and a structuring fee equal to 0.25 of the Maximum Facility Amount paid on the twelve-month
anniversary of the closing date. Additionally, an unused fee is payable quarterly in arrears in an amount equal to 0.70 on the
actual daily unused amount greater than 20 of the Maximum Facility Amount under the BNP Credit Facility from April 13, 2021 to the end
of the revolving period. 

On April 29, 2021, Funding I executed an amendment
to the BNP Credit Facility. The amendment solidified the LIBOR transition to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR for
the planned discontinuation of LIBOR. The amendment also increased the Maximum Facility Amount from 45,000 thousand to 80,000 thousand. 

On October 28, 2021, the Company executed
an additional amendment to the Credit Agreement. Material amendments included at this time included the revolving period
being extended 36 months, from 12 months to 48 months and the interest rate being reduced from LIBOR plus 175 basis points to LIBOR plus
140 basis points. The advance rate was increased from 67.5 to 70 and expanded to include a triple C bucket with a 60 advance rate.
The structuring fee was increased from 0.25 of the Maximum Facility Amount to 0.50 of the Maximum Facility Amount and will be paid
in three equal installments (December 2021, December 2022, and December 2023). Updates were made to allow for more flexibility to move
capital out of the facility subject to certain covenants. Except as described above, all other terms and provisions of the Agreement
remain in full force and effect. 

On March 22, 2022, the Company amended the Credit
Agreement between Steele Creek Capital Funding I, LLC, BNP Paribas, and the Company as dated October 13, 2020 and as previously amended
(the Agreement ). Material amendments to the Agreement include the interest rate being converted from LIBOR plus 140 basis
points to SOFR plus 140 basis points plus 15 basis points. In addition, the Individual Lender Maximum Facility Amount increased from
 80,000 thousand to 95,000 thousand and the language and requirements related to the Agreed Upon Procedures provided by independent
accountants were amended to be more appropriate for the underlying collateral. 

On August 23, 2022, the Company amended the Credit
Agreement between Steele Creek Capital Funding I, LLC, BNP Paribas, and the Company as dated October 13, 2020 and as previously amended
(the Agreement ). This amendment contained certain conforming changes that are not material. 

The revolving period of the BNP Credit Facility
ends on October 28, 2025, unless terminated earlier by the Company. The maturity date of the BNP Credit Facility is the earliest to occur
of (a) October 28, 2026, and (b) the date on which the BNP gives notice to the Company, the Collateral Manager and the Equityholder following
the occurrence of and during the continuation of an Event of Default that the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of Loans shall be due
and payable. The stated maturity of October 28, 2026 may not be extended. 

In addition, we may enter into additional agreements
for a credit facility and/or subscription facility (each, a Credit Facility ). A Credit Facility may be secured by all of
the assets of a wholly-owned subsidiary and special purpose entity, formed in order to establish such Credit Facility. Each Credit Facility
will provide for borrowings to make additional investments and for other general corporate purposes. It is anticipated that a Credit
Facility will bear interest at floating rates at to be determined spreads over SOFR and will be secured by the Company s assets.
The Credit Facility s interest rate is subject to change, including as a result of establishment of alternative reference rates. 

Regulation 

General 

We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under
the 1940 Act. A BDC must be organized in the United States for the purpose of investing in or lending to primarily private companies
and making significant managerial assistance available to them. A BDC may use capital provided by its stockholders and from other sources
to make long-term, private investments in businesses. 

We may not change the nature of our business
so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities,
as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser
of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities
of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. We do
not anticipate any substantial change in the nature of our business. 

12 

As with other companies regulated by the 1940
Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not interested
persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable
fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against
any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties
involved in the conduct of such person s office. 

As a BDC, we are generally required to meet an
asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as amended by the Small Business Credit Availability Act (the SBCCA ),
as the ratio of our total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to our outstanding senior
securities, of at least 150 after each issuance of senior securities. 

We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act
from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested
persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. As a BDC, we are generally limited
in our ability to invest in any portfolio company in which our Investment Advisor or any of its affiliates currently has an investment
or to make any co-investments with our Investment Advisor or its affiliates without an exemptive order from the SEC, subject to certain
exceptions. 

We do not intend to acquire securities issued
by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder. Under these limits, except for registered
money market funds and other acquisitions made pursuant to SEC exemptive rules, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting
stock of any investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or
invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. SEC rules permit a
BDC to exceed those limits, subject to certain conditions. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies
ordinarily will subject our stockholders to additional expenses. 

In addition, investment companies registered
under the 1940 Act and private funds that are excluded from the definition of investment company pursuant to either Section
3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act may not acquire directly or through a controlled entity more than 3 of our total outstanding voting
stock (measured at the time of the acquisition), unless the funds comply with an exemption under the 1940 Act. As a result, certain investors
may hold a smaller position in our shares than if they were not subject to these restrictions. 

We will generally not be able to issue and sell
our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to
acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current net asset value of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale
is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In addition, we may generally
issue new shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing stockholders, in payment of dividends
and in certain other limited circumstances. 

We will be periodically examined by the SEC for
compliance with the 1940 Act. 

Qualifying Assets 

We may invest up to 30 of our portfolio opportunistically
in non-qualifying assets, which will be driven primarily through opportunities sourced through the Investment Advisor.
However, under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which
are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least
70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the following: 

1. 
 Securities purchased in
 transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions)
 is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of
 an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio
 company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 

a. 
 is organized under the
 laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

13 

b. 
 is not an investment company
 (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for
 certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

c. 
 satisfies any of the following: 

i. 
 does not have any class
 of securities that is traded on a national securities exchange; 

ii. 
 has a class of securities
 listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of
 less than 250 million; 

iii. 
 is controlled by a BDC
 or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company;
 or 

iv. 
 is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than
 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million. 

2. 
 Securities of any eligible
 portfolio company which we control. 

3. 
 Securities purchased in
 a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions
 incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase
 of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending
 or financing arrangements. 

4. 
 Securities of an eligible
 portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already
 own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

5. 
 Securities received in
 exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants
 or rights relating to such securities. 

6. 
 Cash, cash equivalents,
 U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

If at any time less than 70 of our gross assets
are comprised of qualifying assets, including as a result of an increase in the value of any non-qualifying assets or decrease in the
value of any qualifying assets, we would generally not be permitted to acquire any additional non-qualifying assets, other than office
furniture and equipment, interests in real estate and leasehold improvements and facilities maintained to conduct the business operations
of the BDC, deferred organization and operating expenses, and other non-investment assets necessary and appropriate to its operations
as a BDC, until such time as 70 of our then current gross assets were comprised of qualifying assets. We would not be required, however,
to dispose of any non-qualifying assets in such circumstances. 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies

A BDC must have been organized under the laws
of, and have its principal place of business in, any state or states within the United States and must be operated for the purpose of
making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as
qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available
to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that,
where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the
group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement
whereby the BDC, through its directors or officers, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel
concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. We may also receive fees for these
services. The Administrator may provide, or arrange for the provision of, such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies
that request this assistance, subject to reimbursement of any fees or expenses incurred on our behalf by Investment Advisor in accordance
with our Investment Advisory Agreement. 

14 

Temporary Investments 

Until such time as we invest the proceeds from
new subscriptions in portfolio companies and while new investments are pending, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents,
U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to,
collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in U.S.
Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the
U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and
the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase
price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that
may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a
single counterparty, we may not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase
agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Investment Advisor will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties
with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 

Code of Ethics 

We and the Investment Advisor have adopted a
joint code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes
procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by our personnel. Our joint code of ethics generally will not
permit investments by our and the Investment Advisor s personnel in securities that may be purchased or sold by us. 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 

We and our Investment Advisor have adopted and
implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws and will
be required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation
and designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. Marie Bober, Esq. serves as
our Chief Compliance Officer. 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety
of regulatory requirements on publicly-held and certain privately-offered companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements will
affect us. For example: 

pursuant to Rule 13a-14
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of
 Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15
 of the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial
 reporting and (once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS
 Act and satisfy certain other requirements) must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
 reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm; and 

15 

pursuant to Item 308 of
 Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in
 our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the
 date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review
our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary
to ensure that we are in compliance therewith. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company as defined
in the JOBS Act and we are eligible to take advantage of certain specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise
generally applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We could remain an emerging growth
company until the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the consummation of an initial public offering, if any,
or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1,070,000,000 or more,
(ii) December 31 of the fiscal year in which we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange
Act (which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million, measured as of the last business
day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 months), or (iii) the date
on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. In addition, as an emerging
growth company, we intend to take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for
complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 

We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility
to our Investment Advisor. As a fiduciary, the Investment Advisor has a duty to monitor corporate events and to vote proxies, as well
as a duty to cast votes in the best interest of the Company and not to subrogate Company interests to its own interests. To meet its
fiduciary obligations, the Investment Advisor seeks to ensure that it votes proxies in the best interest of the Company, and addresses
how the Investment Advisor will resolve any conflict of interest that may arise when voting proxies. The Investment Advisor s proxy
voting policy attempts to generalize a complex subject and the Investment Advisor may, from time to time, determine that it is in the
best interests of the Company to depart from specific policies described therein. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the
Investment Advisor and our non-Interested Directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 

Privacy Principles 

The Company looks to protect nonpublic personal
data and provides a copy of its privacy policy to stockholders regardless of whether they are natural persons. The Company s privacy
policy summarized below is intended to be compliant with the federal and state regulations applicable to the Company. 

From time to time nonpublic personal information
of our stockholders may be collected as required for legitimate business purposes. The following are sources of information collected: 

1. 
 Subscription Agreements,
 investor questionnaires and other forms, which may include a stockholder s name, address, social security number and personally
 identifiable financial information; 

2. 
 Account history, including
 information about a stockholder s shares, share purchases and sales and distributions from the Company; 

3. 
 Transactions with the Company,
 including information the Company receives and maintains relating to securities transactions with and through the Company; and 

4. 
 Correspondence, written,
 telephonic or electronic, between stockholders and the Company, the Investment Advisor, any of the Investment Advisor s affiliates
 or any of the Company s service providers. 

16 

In addition to the sources listed above, the
Company and the Investment Advisor and its affiliates may also collect this information from their respective internet web sites, if
applicable. 

The Company may share all of the information
that we collect, as described above, with our Investment Advisor and its affiliates in order to service stockholder accounts or provide
stockholders with information about other products and services offered by the Company or the Investment Advisor or its affiliates that
may be of interest to them. 

In addition, the Company may disclose all of
the information that it collects about stockholders to certain third parties who are not affiliated with the Company or the Investment
Advisor or its affiliates under one or more of the following circumstances: 

1. 
 As Authorized if
 a stockholder requests or authorizes disclosure of the information. 

2. 
 As Required by Law 
 for example, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities. 

3. 
 As Permitted by Law 
 for example, sharing information with companies that maintain, process or service Company or stockholder accounts or financial products
 and services or who effect, administer or enforce Company or stockholder transactions is permitted. Among other activities, the Company
 and its Investment Advisor and its affiliates may share information with persons acting in a representative or fiduciary capacity
 on the Company s or a stockholder s behalf. The Company believes that sharing of information for these purposes is essential
 to providing stockholders with necessary or useful services with respect to their accounts. 

The Company and the Investment Advisor and its
affiliates restrict access to nonpublic personal information about stockholders internally to those of their respective employees and
agents who need to know the information to enable them to provide services to the stockholders. The Company and the Investment Advisor
and its affiliates maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard stockholder s nonpublic personal information. 

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 

The following discussion is a general summary
of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and an investment in shares of our common stock. The discussion
is based upon the Code, the regulations of the U.S. Department of the Treasury promulgated thereunder, which we refer to as the Treasury
regulations, the legislative history of the Code, current administrative interpretations and practices of the Internal Revenue
Service, which we refer to as the IRS (including administrative interpretations and practices of the IRS expressed in private
letter rulings which are binding on the IRS only with respect to the particular taxpayers that requested and received those rulings)
and judicial decisions, each as of the date of this Registration Statement and all of which are subject to change or differing interpretations,
possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. We have not sought, and will not seek, any ruling
from the IRS regarding any matter discussed in this summary, and this summary is not binding on the IRS. Accordingly, there can be no
assurance that the IRS will not assert, and a court will not sustain, a position contrary to any of the tax consequences discussed below. 

You should note that this summary does not purport
to be a complete description of all the tax aspects affecting us or the beneficial owners of shares of our common stock, which we refer
to as stockholders. For example, this summary does not describe all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may
be relevant to certain types of stockholders subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including stockholders
subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, other regulated investment companies, partnerships
or other pass-through entities and their owners, Non-U.S. stockholders (as defined below) engaged in a trade or business in the United
States or entitled to claim the benefits of an applicable income tax treaty, persons who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed
as residents of the United States, U.S. stockholders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, persons holding
our common stock in connection with a hedging, straddle, conversion or other integrated transaction, dealers in securities, traders in
securities that elect to use a market-to-market method of accounting for securities holdings, pension plans and trusts, and financial
institutions. This summary assumes that our stockholders hold shares of our common stock as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax
purposes (generally, assets held for investment). This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift taxation, U.S. state
or local taxation or non-U.S. taxation. It does not discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result
if we invest in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. 

17 

For purposes of this discussion, a U.S.
stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

an individual who is a
 citizen or resident of the United States; 

a corporation, or other
 entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States
 or any state thereof, including, for this purpose, the District of Columbia; 

a trust if (i) a court
 within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United
 States persons (as defined in the Code) have the authority to control all substantive decisions of the trust; or 

a trust or an estate, the
 income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 

For purposes of this discussion, a Non-U.S.
stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is not a U.S. stockholder or a partnership (or an entity
or arrangement treated as a partnership) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

If a partnership, or other entity or arrangement
treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds shares of our common stock, the U.S. federal income tax treatment
of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations
made at the partner level. A prospective stockholder that is a partnership holding shares of our common stock, and each partner in such
a partnership, should consult his, her or its own tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition
of shares of our common stock. 

Tax matters are very complicated and the tax
consequences to each stockholder of the ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock will depend on the facts of his, her
or its particular situation. You should consult your own tax adviser regarding the specific tax consequences of the ownership and disposition
of shares of our common stock to you, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state and local tax laws
and non-U.S. tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable income tax treaty and the effect of any possible changes in the
tax laws. 

Election to be Taxed as a RIC 

We elected to be treated, and intend to qualify
annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any
income or gains that we timely distribute as dividends to our stockholders. Rather, dividends we distribute generally will be taxable
to our stockholders, and any net operating losses, foreign tax credits and other of our tax attributes generally will not pass through
to our stockholders, subject to special rules for certain items such as net capital gains and qualified dividend income we recognize.
See Taxation of U.S. Stockholders and Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders, below. 

To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things,
meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify as a RIC, we must
timely distribute dividends to our stockholders of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of the sum of our (i) investment company
taxable income (which includes, among other items, dividends, interest and the excess of any net realized short-term capital gains over
net realized long-term capital losses and other taxable income (other than any net capital gain), reduced by deductible expenses) determined
without regard to the deduction for dividends and distributions paid and (ii) net tax-exempt interest income (which is the excess of
our gross tax-exempt interest income over certain disallowed deductions), (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). We intend
to distribute annually all or substantially all of such income. Generally, if we fail to meet this Annual Distribution Requirement for
any taxable year, we will fail to qualify as a RIC for such taxable year. To the extent we meet the Annual Distribution Requirement for
a taxable year, but retain our net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, we are subject to U.S. federal
income tax on such retained capital gains and investment company taxable income. We may choose to retain our net capital gains for investment
or any investment company taxable income, and pay the associated corporate-level U.S. federal income tax, including the 4 U.S. federal
excise tax described below. 

18 

Taxation as a RIC 

If we qualify as a RIC and satisfy the Annual
Distribution Requirement, then we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income
and net capital gain (generally, net long-term capital gain in excess of net short-term capital loss) that we timely distribute (or are
deemed to timely distribute) as dividends to our stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate
rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 

We generally will be subject to a 4 nondeductible
U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income or gains in respect of any calendar year unless we distribute dividends in a
timely manner to our stockholders of an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain
deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) generally
for the one-year period ending October 31 in such calendar year and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income recognized,
but not distributed, in preceding years (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). Any distribution declared by us during
October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually
paid during January of the following calendar year, will be treated as if it had been paid by us, as well as received by our U.S. stockholders,
on December 31 of the calendar year in which the distribution was declared. We will not be subject to the U.S. federal excise tax
on amounts on which we are required to pay U.S. federal income tax (such as retained net capital gains). Depending upon the level of
taxable income earned in a taxable year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following taxable year
and pay the applicable U.S. federal excise tax. 

We may incur the 4 nondeductible U.S. federal
excise tax in the future on a portion of our income and capital gains. While we intend to distribute income and capital gains to minimize
exposure to 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax, we may not be able to, or may choose not to, distribute amounts sufficient to avoid
the imposition of the tax entirely. In that event, we generally will be liable for 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax only on the
amount by which we do not meet the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. We generally will endeavor in each taxable year to avoid any material
U.S. federal excise tax on our earnings. 

In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 

qualify and have in effect
 an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable
 year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the
 sale or other disposition of stock, securities or foreign currencies, other income derived with respect to our business of investing
 in stock, securities or currencies, or net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership, 
 or QPTP, hereinafter the 90 Income Test and 

diversify our holdings
 so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

at least 50 of the value
 of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such
 other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting
 securities of the issuer; and 

no more than 25 of the
 value of our assets is invested in (a) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one
 issuer or of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the
 same or similar or related trades or businesses or (b) the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships (the
 Diversification Tests ). 

19 

A RIC is limited in its ability to deduct expenses
in excess of its investment company taxable income (which is, generally, ordinary income plus the excess of net short-term capital gains
over net long-term capital losses). If our expenses in a given taxable year exceed our investment company taxable income, we may experience
a net operating loss for that taxable year. However, a RIC is not permitted to carry forward net operating losses to subsequent taxable
years and such net operating losses do not pass through to its stockholders. In addition, deductible expenses can be used only to offset
investment company taxable income, not net capital gain. A RIC may not use any net capital losses (that is, the excess of realized capital
losses over realized capital gains) to offset its investment company taxable income, but may carry forward such net capital losses, and
use them to offset future capital gains, indefinitely. Due to these limits on deductibility of expenses and net capital losses, we may
for tax purposes have aggregate taxable income for several years that we are required to distribute and that is taxable to our stockholders
even if such taxable income is greater than the net income we actually earn during those taxable years. Such required distributions may
be made from our cash assets or by liquidation of investments, if necessary. We may realize gains or losses from such liquidations. In
the event we realize net capital gains from such transactions, stockholders may receive a larger capital gain distribution than they
would have received in the absence of such transactions. 

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will
include in our taxable income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are
treated under applicable U.S. federal income tax rules as having original issue discount OID (such as debt instruments
with payment in kind PIK interest or, in certain cases, that have increasing interest rates or are issued with warrants),
we must include in our taxable income in each taxable year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless
of whether we receive cash representing such income in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in our taxable income other
amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as accruals on a contingent payment debt instrument or deferred loan origination
fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. Further, we may elect
to amortize market discount on debt investments and currently include such amounts in our taxable income, instead of upon their sale
or other disposition, as any failure to make such election would limit our ability to deduct interest expense for tax purposes. Because
such OID or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the taxable year of accrual, we may be
required to make distributions to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and/or the Excise Tax Avoidance
Requirement, even though we will have not received any corresponding cash payments. Accordingly, to enable us to make distributions to
our stockholders that will be sufficient to enable us to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may need to sell some of our
assets at times and/or at prices that we would not consider advantageous, we may need to raise additional equity or debt capital or we
may need to forego new investment opportunities or otherwise take actions that are disadvantageous to our business (or be unable to take
actions that are advantageous to our business). If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources to enable us to satisfy the Annual
Distribution Requirement, we may fail to qualify for the U.S. federal income tax benefits allowable to RICs and, thus, become subject
to a corporate-level U.S. federal income tax (and any applicable state and local taxes). 

Because we are using debt financing, we may be
prevented by financial covenants contained in our debt financing agreements from making distributions to our stockholders in certain
circumstances. In addition, under the 1940 Act, we are generally not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt
obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. Limits on our distributions
to our stockholders may prevent us from satisfying the Annual Distribution Requirement and, therefore, may jeopardize our qualification
for taxation as a RIC, or may cause us to be subject to the 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax. 

Although we do not presently expect to do so,
we may borrow funds and sell assets in order to make distributions to our stockholders that are sufficient for us to satisfy the Annual
Distribution Requirement. However, our ability to dispose of assets may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of some of our investments
and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order
to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from
an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. Alternatively, although we currently do not intend to do so, to satisfy the Annual Distribution
Requirement, we may declare a taxable dividend payable in our stock or cash at the election of each stockholder. In such case, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in our common stock will generally be equal to the amount of cash that could
have been received instead of our stock. See Taxation of U.S. Stockholders below for a discussion of the tax consequences
to stockholders upon receipt of such dividends. 

Distributions we make to our stockholders may
be made from our cash assets or by liquidation of our investments, if necessary. We may recognize gains or losses from such liquidations.
In the event we recognize net capital gains from such transactions, you may receive a larger capital gain distribution than you would
have received in the absence of such transactions. 

20 

Failure to Qualify as a RIC 

If we failed to satisfy the 90 Income Test for
any taxable year or the Diversification Tests for any quarter of a taxable year, we might nevertheless continue to qualify as a RIC for
such taxable year if certain relief provisions of the Code applied (which might, among other things, require us to pay certain corporate-level
U.S. federal taxes or to dispose of certain assets). If we failed to qualify for treatment as a RIC and such relief provisions did not
apply to us, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate U.S. federal income tax
rates (and we also would be subject to any applicable state and local taxes), regardless of whether we make any distributions to our
stockholders. We would not be able to deduct distributions to our stockholders, nor would distributions to our stockholders be required
to be made for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any distributions we make generally would be taxable to our U.S. stockholders as ordinary
dividend income and, subject to certain limitations under the Code, would be eligible for the 20 maximum rate generally applicable to
individuals and other non-corporate U.S. stockholders, to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain
limitations under the Code, U.S. stockholders that are corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally would be eligible
for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first
as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s adjusted tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated
as a capital gain. In order to requalify as a RIC, in addition to the other requirements discussed above, we would be required to distribute
all of our previously undistributed earnings attributable to the period we failed to qualify as a RIC by the end of the first year that
we intend to requalify as a RIC. If we fail to requalify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, we may be subject to regular
corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of our assets (i.e., the excess of the aggregate
gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated)
that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five years. 

Subject to a limited exception applicable to
RICs that qualified as such under Subchapter M of the Code for at least one taxable year prior to disqualification and that re-qualify
as a RIC no later than the second consecutive taxable year following the non-qualifying taxable year, we could be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on any unrealized net built-in gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that
are recognized during the five-taxable year period after our requalification as a RIC, unless we made a special election to pay corporate-level
U.S. federal income tax on such net built-in gains at the time of our requalification as a RIC. We may decide to be taxed as a regular
corporation even if we would otherwise qualify as a RIC if we determine that treatment as a corporation for a particular taxable year
would be in our best interests. 

Our Investments General 

Certain of our investment practices may be subject
to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (1) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the
allowance of certain losses or deductions, (2) convert lower-taxed long-term capital gain into higher-taxed short-term capital gain or
ordinary income, (3) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (4) cause
us to recognize income or gain without receipt of a corresponding cash payment, (5) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or
sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (6) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and
(7) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We intend to monitor our transactions and
may make certain tax elections to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions, but there can be no assurance that we will
be eligible for any such tax elections or that any adverse effects of these provisions will be mitigated. 

We may invest a portion of our net assets in
below investment grade instruments. Investments in these types of instruments may present special tax issues for us. U.S. federal income
tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when we may cease to accrue interest, OID or market discount, when and to what
extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should be allocated
between principal and income and whether exchanges of debt obligations in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. We intend to address
these and other issues to the extent necessary in order to seek to ensure that we distribute sufficient income to avoid any material
U.S. federal income or the 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax. 

21 

A portfolio company in which we invest may face
financial difficulties that require us to work-out, modify or otherwise restructure our investment in the portfolio company. Any such
transaction could, depending upon the specific terms of the transaction, result in unusable capital losses and future non-cash income.
Any such transaction could also result in our receiving assets that give rise to non-qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income
Test or otherwise would not count toward satisfying the Diversification Tests. Furthermore, some of the income that we might otherwise
earn, such as fees for providing managerial assistance, certain fees earned with respect to our investments, income recognized in a work-out
or restructuring of a portfolio investment, or income recognized from an equity investment in an operating partnership, may not satisfy
the 90 Income Test. To manage the risk that such income might disqualify us as a RIC for failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test, one
or more subsidiary entities treated as U.S. corporations for entity-level income tax purposes may be employed to earn such income and
(if applicable) hold the related asset. Such subsidiary entities will be required to pay entity-level income tax on their earnings, which
ultimately will reduce the yield to our stockholders on such fees and income. 

Gain or loss recognized by us from warrants or
other securities acquired by us, as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants, generally will be treated as capital
gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term depending on how long we held a particular warrant or security. 

Our investment in non-U.S. securities may be
subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes. In that case, our yield on those securities would be decreased. Stockholders
generally will not be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. 

If we acquire shares in a PFIC, we may be subject
to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any excess distribution received on, or any gain from the disposition of, such
shares even if we distribute such income as a taxable dividend to our stockholders. Additional charges in the nature of interest generally
will be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from any such excess distribution or gain. If we invest in the shares of a
PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the Code (a QEF ), in lieu of the foregoing
requirements, we will be required to include in income each year our proportionate share of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain
of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed by the QEF. Alternatively, we may be able to elect to mark our shares in a PFIC at
the end of each taxable year to market; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares,
and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent that any such decrease does not exceed prior increases in such value included
in our income. Our ability to make either election will depend on factors beyond our control, and are subject to restrictions which may
limit the availability of the benefit of these elections. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a taxable year income
in excess of any distributions we receive from PFICs and any proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that taxable year, and such
income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of determining
whether we satisfy the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. See Taxation as a RIC above. 

Under Section 988 of the Code, gains or losses
attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses or other liabilities denominated in a foreign
currency and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities are generally treated as ordinary income or
loss. Similarly, gains or losses on foreign currency-denominated forward, futures and option contracts, as well as certain other financial
instruments, and the disposition of debt obligations denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in
exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also treated as ordinary income or loss. 

Some of the income that we might otherwise earn,
such as fees for providing managerial assistance, certain fees earned with respect to our investments, income recognized in a work-out
or restructuring of a portfolio investment, or income recognized from an equity investment in an operating partnership, may not satisfy
the 90 Income Test. To manage the risk that such income might disqualify us as a RIC for failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test, one
or more subsidiary entities treated as U.S. corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be employed to earn such income and
(if applicable) hold the related asset. Such subsidiary entities will be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on their earnings, which
ultimately will reduce the yield to our stockholders on such fees and income. 

The remainder of this discussion assumes that
we qualify as a RIC for each taxable year. 

22 

Taxation of U.S. Stockholders 

The following discussion only applies to U.S.
stockholders. Prospective stockholders that are not U.S. stockholders should refer to Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders 
below. 

Distributions 

Distributions by us generally are taxable
to U.S. stockholders as ordinary income or capital gains. Distributions of our investment company taxable income will be taxable as ordinary
income to U.S. stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid in cash or stock. To the extent
that such distributions paid by us to non-corporate U.S. stockholders (including individuals) are attributable to dividends from U.S.
corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations, such distributions Qualifying Dividends may be eligible for
a reduced maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20 . In this regard, it is anticipated that our distributions generally will not be
attributable to dividends received by us and, therefore, generally will not qualify for the 20 maximum rate applicable to Qualifying
Dividends. Distributions of our net capital gain (which is generally our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net
short-term capital losses) properly reported by us as capital gain dividends will be taxable to U.S. stockholders as long-term
capital gains (currently taxable at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20 in the case of non-corporate U.S. stockholders (including
individuals)), regardless of the U.S. stockholder s holding period for his, her or its common stock and regardless of whether paid
in cash or stock. Distributions in excess of our earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. stockholder s adjusted tax basis
in such stockholder s common stock and, after the adjusted tax basis is reduced to zero, will constitute capital gains to such
U.S. stockholder. 

We may decide to retain some or all of our net
capital gain for reinvestment, but designate the retained net capital gain as a deemed distribution . In that case, among
other consequences, (i) we will pay tax on the retained amount, (ii) each U.S. stockholder will be required to include his, her or its
share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been actually distributed to the U.S. stockholder, and (iii) the U.S. stockholder
will be entitled to claim a credit equal to his, her or its allocable share of the tax paid thereon by us. Because we expect to pay tax
on any retained net capital gains at the regular corporate U.S. federal income tax rate, and because that rate is in excess of the maximum
U.S. federal income tax rate currently payable by individuals (and other non-corporate U.S. stockholders) on long-term capital gains,
the amount of tax that individuals (and other non-corporate U.S. stockholders) will be treated as having paid will exceed the tax they
owe on the capital gain distribution. Such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s other federal
income tax obligations or may be refunded to the extent it exceeds the U.S. stockholder s U.S. federal income tax liability. The
amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to the U.S. stockholder s tax basis for his, her or its common
stock. In order to utilize the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our stockholders prior to the expiration
of 60 days after the close of the relevant taxable year. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed
distribution . 

For purposes of determining (1) whether the Annual
Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any year and (2) the amount of capital gain dividends paid for that year, under certain circumstances,
we may elect to treat a dividend that is paid during the following taxable year as if it had been paid during the taxable year in question.
If we make such an election, U.S. stockholders will still be treated as receiving the dividend in the taxable year in which the distribution
is made. However, any dividend declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to stockholders of record
on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the following calendar year, will be treated as if it had been
received by our U.S. stockholders on December 31 of the calendar year in which the dividend was declared. 

23 

We do not expect to be immediately treated as
a publicly offered regulated investment company (within the meaning of Section 67 of the Code) which would require that
(i) shares of our common stock and our preferred stock collectively are held by at least 500 persons at all times during a taxable year,
(ii) shares of our common stock are treated as regularly traded on an established securities market or (iii) shares of our common stock
are continuously offered pursuant to a public offering (within the meaning of Section 4 of the Securities Act). At some future point,
it may be that we will be treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company. If we are not treated as a publicly offered regulated
investment company for any calendar year, for purposes of computing the taxable income of U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts
or estates, (i) our earnings will be computed without taking into account such U.S. stockholders allocable shares of the management
and incentive fees paid to our Investment Advisor and certain of our other expenses, (ii) each such U.S. stockholder will be treated
as having received or accrued a dividend from us in the amount of such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of these fees and expenses
for the calendar year, (iii) each such U.S. stockholder will be treated as having paid or incurred such U.S. stockholder s allocable
share of these fees and expenses for the calendar year, and (iv) each such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of these fees and
expenses will be treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions by such U.S. stockholder. For taxable years beginning before 2026, miscellaneous
itemized deductions generally are deductible by a U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate. For taxable years beginning
in 2026 or later, miscellaneous itemized deductions generally are deductible by a U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate
only to the extent that the aggregate of such U.S. stockholder s miscellaneous itemized deductions exceeds 2 of such U.S. stockholder s
adjusted gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are not deductible for purposes of the alternative minimum tax and are subject
to the overall limitation on itemized deductions under Section 68 of the Code. 

Our U.S. stockholders will receive, as promptly
as possible after the end of each calendar year, a notice reporting the amounts includible in such U.S. stockholder s taxable income
for such calendar year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain. In addition, the U.S. federal tax status of each calendar year s
distributions from us generally will be reported to the IRS (including the amount of any dividends that are Qualifying Dividends eligible
for the 20 maximum rate). Dividends paid by us generally will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction or the preferential
tax rate applicable to Qualifying Dividends because our income generally will not consist of dividends. Distributions may also be subject
to additional state, local and non-U.S. taxes depending on a U.S. stockholder s particular situation. 

Dispositions 

A U.S. stockholder generally will recognize taxable
gain or loss if the U.S. stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of his, her or its shares of our common stock. The amount of gain or
loss will be measured by the difference between such stockholder s adjusted tax basis in the common stock sold and the amount of
the proceeds received in exchange. Any gain or loss arising from such sale or disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital
gain or loss if the U.S. stockholder has held his, her or its shares for more than one year; otherwise, any such gain or loss will be
classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or disposition of shares of our common
stock held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received,
or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such shares. In addition, all or a portion of any loss recognized upon
a disposition of shares of our common stock may be disallowed if other shares of our common stock are purchased (whether through reinvestment
of distributions or otherwise) within 30 days before or after the disposition. 

In general, non-corporate U.S. stockholders (including
individuals) currently are subject to a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate of 20 on their net capital gain (i.e., the excess of realized
net long-term capital gains over realized net short-term capital losses), including any long-term capital gain derived from an investment
in shares of our common stock. Such rate is lower than the maximum rate on ordinary income currently payable by individuals. Corporate
U.S. stockholders currently are subject to U.S. federal income tax on net capital gain at the maximum 21 rate also applied to ordinary
income. Non-corporate U.S. stockholders (including individuals) incurring net capital losses (i.e., capital losses in excess of capital
gains) for a taxable year generally may deduct up to 3,000 of such losses against their ordinary income each taxable year; any net capital
losses of a non-corporate U.S. stockholder (including an individual) in excess of 3,000 generally may be carried forward and used in
subsequent taxable years as provided in the Code. Corporate U.S. stockholders generally may not deduct any net capital losses for a taxable
year, but may carry back such capital losses for three taxable years or carry forward such capital losses for five taxable years. 

The Code and the related U.S. Treasury Regulations
require us to annually report the adjusted cost basis information of covered securities, which generally include shares of a RIC, to
the IRS and to taxpayers. Stockholders should contact their financial intermediaries with respect to reporting of cost basis and available
elections for their accounts. 

24 

Medicare Tax on Net Investment Income 

An additional 3.8 Medicare tax is imposed on
certain net investment income (including ordinary dividends and capital gain distributions received from us and net gains from redemptions
or other taxable dispositions of our shares) of U.S. individuals, estates and trusts to the extent that such person s modified
adjusted gross income (in the case of an individual) or adjusted gross income (in the case of an estate or trust)
exceeds certain threshold amounts. 

Tax Shelter Reporting Regulations 

Under applicable Treasury regulations, if a U.S.
stockholder recognizes a loss with respect to our common stock of 2 million or more for a non-corporate U.S. stockholder or 10 million
or more for a corporate U.S. stockholder in any single taxable year (or a greater loss over a combination of years), the U.S. stockholder
must file with the IRS a disclosure statement on Form 8886. Direct U.S. stockholders of portfolio securities are in many cases excepted
from this reporting requirement, but under current guidance, U.S. stockholders of a RIC are not excepted. Future guidance may extend
the current exception from this reporting requirement to U.S. stockholders of most or all RICs. The fact that a loss is reportable under
these regulations does not affect the legal determination of whether the taxpayer s treatment of the loss is proper. Significant
monetary penalties apply to a failure to comply with this reporting requirement. States may also have a similar reporting requirement.
U.S. stockholders should consult their own tax advisers to determine the applicability of these Treasury regulations in light of their
individual circumstances. 

Backup Withholding 

The relevant withholding agent may be required
to withhold U.S. federal income tax backup withholding ), at a current rate of 24 , from any taxable distribution to a
U.S. stockholder (other than a C corporation, a financial institution, or a stockholder that otherwise qualifies for an
exemption) (1) that fails to provide a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such stockholder is exempt from backup
withholding or (2) with respect to whom the IRS notifies the withholding agent that such stockholder has failed to properly report certain
interest and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual s taxpayer identification number
is his or her social security number. Backup withholding is not an additional tax, and any amount withheld under the backup withholding
rules is allowed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that proper information
is timely provided to the IRS. 

U.S. Taxation of Tax-Exempt U.S. Stockholders 

A U.S. stockholder that is a tax-exempt organization
for U.S. federal income tax purposes and therefore generally exempt from U.S. federal income taxation may nevertheless be subject to
taxation to the extent that it is considered to derive unrelated business taxable income UBTI ). The direct conduct by
a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder of the activities we propose to conduct could give rise to UBTI. However, a BDC is a corporation for U.S.
federal income tax purposes and its business activities generally will not be attributed to its stockholders for purposes of determining
their treatment under current law. Therefore, a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder generally should not be subject to U.S. taxation solely as
a result of the stockholder s ownership of shares of common stock and receipt of dividends with respect to such shares. Moreover,
under current law, if we incur indebtedness, such indebtedness will not be attributed to a tax-exempt U.S. stockholder. Therefore, a
tax-exempt U.S. stockholder should not be treated as earning income from debt-financed property and dividends we pay should
not be treated as unrelated debt-financed income solely as a result of indebtedness that we incur. Proposals periodically
are made to change the treatment of blocker investment vehicles interposed between tax-exempt investors and non-qualifying
investments. In the event that any such proposals were to be adopted and applied to BDCs, the treatment of dividends payable to tax-
exempt investors could be adversely affected. In addition, special rules would apply if we were to invest in certain real estate investment
trusts or other taxable mortgage pools, which we do not currently plan to do, that could result in a tax- exempt U.S. stockholder recognizing
income that would be treated as UBTI. 

Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders 

The following discussion applies only to Non-U.S.
stockholders. Whether an investment in shares of our common stock is appropriate for a Non-U.S. stockholder will depend upon that stockholder s
particular circumstances. An investment in shares of our common stock by a Non-U.S. stockholder may have adverse tax consequences to
such Non-U.S. stockholder. Non-U.S. stockholders should consult their own tax advisers before investing in our common stock. 

25 

Distributions; Dispositions 

Subject to the discussion below, distributions
of our investment company taxable income to a Non-U.S. stockholder that are not effectively connected with the Non-U.S. stockholder s
conduct of a trade or business within the United States will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30 rate (or lower
rate provided by an applicable income tax treaty) to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. If the distributions
are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the Non-U.S. stockholder (and, if a treaty applies, are attributable to a
U.S. permanent establishment of the Non-U.S. stockholder), we will not be required to withhold U.S. federal tax if the Non-U.S. stockholder
complies with applicable certification and disclosure requirements, although the distributions will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax at the rates applicable to U.S. persons. Special certification requirements apply to a Non-U.S. stockholder that is a foreign partnership
or a foreign trust, and such entities are urged to consult their own tax advisers. 

Certain properly reported dividends are generally
exempt from withholding of U.S. federal income tax where paid in respect of a RIC s (i) qualified net interest income 
(generally, its U.S.-source interest income, other than certain contingent interest and interest from obligations of a corporation or
partnership in which the RIC or the non-U.S. stockholder are at least a 10 stockholder, reduced by expenses that are allocable to such
income) or (ii) qualified short-term capital gains (generally, the excess of the RIC s net short-term capital gain,
other than short-term capital gains recognized on the disposition of U.S. real property interests, over the RIC s long-term capital
loss), as well as if certain other requirements are satisfied. Nevertheless, no assurance can be given as to whether any of our distributions
will be eligible for this exemption from withholding of U.S. federal income tax or, if eligible, will be reported as such by us. Furthermore,
in the case of shares of our stock held through an intermediary, the intermediary may have withheld U.S. federal income tax even if we
reported the payment as an interest-related dividend or short-term capital gain dividend. Since our common stock will be subject to significant
transfer restrictions, and an investment in our common stock will generally be illiquid, non-U.S. stockholders whose distributions on
our common stock are subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax may not be able to transfer their shares of our common stock easily
or quickly or at all. 

Distributions of our investment company taxable
income to a Non-U.S. stockholder that are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. stockholder s conduct of a trade or business
within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment of
the Non-U.S. stockholder), generally will not be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax if the Non-U.S. stockholder complies
with applicable certification and disclosure requirements, although the distributions (to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings
and profits) will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net basis at the rates and in the manner applicable to U.S. stockholders
generally. 

Actual or deemed distributions of our net capital
gains, other than any net capital gains recognized on the disposition of U.S. real property interests, to a Non-U.S. stockholder, and
gains realized by a Non-U.S. stockholder upon the sale of our common stock, will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax or any withholding
of such tax, unless (a) the distributions or gains, as the case may be, are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. stockholder s
conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a U.S.
permanent establishment of the Non-U.S. stockholder), in which case the distributions or gains will be subject to U.S. federal income
tax on a net basis at the rates and in the manner applicable to U.S. stockholders generally or (b) the Non-U.S. stockholder is an individual
who has been present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and satisfies certain other conditions, in which
case, except as otherwise provided by an applicable income tax treaty, the distributions or gains, which may be offset by certain U.S.-source
capital losses, generally will be subject to a flat 30 U.S. federal income tax, even though the Non-U.S. stockholder is not considered
a resident alien under the Code. 

If we distribute our net capital gains in the
form of deemed rather than actual distributions, a Non-U.S. stockholder will be entitled to a U.S. federal income tax credit or tax refund
equal to the stockholder s allocable share of the tax we pay on the capital gains deemed to have been distributed. In order to
obtain the refund, the Non-U.S. stockholder must obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number and file a U.S. federal income tax return,
even if the Non-U.S. stockholder would not otherwise be required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number or file a U.S. federal
income tax return. 

For a corporate Non-U.S. stockholder, both distributions
(actual or deemed) and gains realized upon the sale of our common stock that are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. stockholder s
conduct of a trade or business within the United States may, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional branch profits
tax at a 30 rate (or at a lower rate if provided for by an applicable income tax treaty). 

26 

If we were unable to qualify for treatment as
a RIC, any distributions by us would be treated as dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. We would
not be eligible to report any such dividends as interest-related dividends, short-term capital gain dividends, or capital gain dividends.
As a result, any such dividend paid to a Non-U.S. stockholder that is not effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the
Non-U.S. stockholder (and, if an income tax treaty applies, attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by the Non-U.S. stockholder
in the United States) would be subject to the 30 (or reduced applicable treaty rate) withholding tax discussed above regardless of the
source of the income giving rise to such distribution. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would
be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the Non-U.S. stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions
would be treated as a gain from the sale of the Non-U.S. stockholder s shares subject to taxation as discussed above. For the consequences
to the Company for failing to qualify as a RIC, see Failure to Qualify as a RIC above. 

Backup Withholding 

U.S. stockholders . Information returns
are required to be filed with the IRS in connection with dividends on the common stock and proceeds received from a sale or other disposition
of the common stock to a U.S. stockholder unless the U.S. stockholder is an exempt recipient. U.S. stockholders may also be subject to
backup withholding on these payments in respect of the common stock unless such U.S. stockholder provides its taxpayer identification
number and otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules or provides proof of an applicable exemption. 

Non-U.S. stockholders . Information returns
are required to be filed with the IRS in connection with payment of dividends on the common stock to Non-U.S. stockholders. Unless a
Non-U.S. stockholder complies with certification procedures to establish that it is not a United States person, information returns may
also be filed with the IRS in connection with the proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the common stock. A Non-U.S. stockholder
who is a nonresident alien individual may be subject to information reporting and backup-withholding of U.S. federal income tax on dividends
unless the Non-U.S. stockholder provides us or the dividend paying agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or an acceptable
substitute form) or otherwise meets documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a Non-U.S. stockholder or otherwise
establishes an exemption from backup withholding. 

Amounts withheld under the backup withholding
rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against a U.S. stockholder s or Non-U.S. stockholder s U.S.
federal income tax liability, if any, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 

Under the Code and recently issued Treasury regulations,
the applicable withholding agent generally will be required to withhold 30 of the dividends on our common stock paid to (i) a non-U.S.
financial institution (whether such financial institution is the beneficial owner or an intermediary) unless such non-U.S. financial
institution agrees to verify, report and disclose its U.S. accountholders and meets certain other specified requirements or (ii) a non-financial
non-U.S. entity (whether such entity is the beneficial owner or an intermediary) unless such entity certifies that it does not have any
substantial U.S. owners or provides the name, address and taxpayer identification number of each substantial U.S. owner and such entity
meets certain other specified requirements. If payment of this withholding tax is made, Non-U.S. stockholders that are otherwise eligible
for an exemption from, or a reduction in, withholding of U.S. federal income taxes with respect to such dividends or proceeds will be
required to seek a credit or refund from the IRS to obtain the benefit of such exemption or reduction. We will not pay any additional
amounts in respect to any amounts withheld. 

FATCA 

Legislation commonly referred to as the Foreign
Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, generally imposes a 30 withholding tax on payments of certain types of income
to foreign financial institutions FFIs unless such FFIs either: (i) enter into an agreement with the U.S. Treasury to
report certain required information with respect to accounts held by U.S. persons (or held by foreign entities that have U.S. persons
as substantial owners) or (ii) reside in a jurisdiction that has entered into an intergovernmental agreement IGA with
the United States to collect and share such information and are in compliance with the terms of such IGA and any enabling legislation
or regulations. The types of income subject to the tax include U.S. source interest and dividends. The information required to be reported
includes the identity and taxpayer identification number of each account holder that is a U.S. person and transaction activity within
the holder s account. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, FATCA also imposes a 30 withholding on payments to foreign entities
that are not FFIs unless such foreign entities certify that they do not have a greater than 10 U.S. owner or provide the withholding
agent with identifying information on each greater than 10 U.S. owner. Depending on the status of a Non-U.S. stockholder and the status
of the intermediaries through which they hold their shares, Non-U.S. stockholders could be subject to this 30 withholding tax with respect
to distributions on their shares and proceeds from the sale of their shares. Under certain circumstances, a Non-U.S. stockholder might
be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. 

Available Information 

We file with or submit
to the SEC annual, quarterly and current periodic reports, proxy statements and other information meeting the informational requirements
of the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
filed electronically by us with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

53 

54 

55 

56 

57 

58 

59 

60 

61 

62 

Risks Related to Invasion of Ukraine 

On February 24, 2022, the President of Russia,
Vladimir Putin, announced a military invasion of Ukraine. In response, countries worldwide have imposed sanctions against Russia on certain
businesses and individuals, including, but not limited to, those in the banking, import and export sectors. This invasion has led, is
currently leading, and for an unknown period of time will continue to lead to disruptions in local, regional, national, and global markets
and economies affected thereby. These disruptions caused by the invasion have included, and may continue to include, political, social,
and economic disruptions and uncertainties that may affect investments made by the Investment Advisor or its business operations. The
Investment Advisor will continue to monitor the situation as it develops. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not own any real
estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our executive offices are located at 201 S. College Street,
Suite 1690, Charlotte, NC 28244. We believe that our current office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated
to be conducted. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against
 us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal
proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other
contracts with our portfolio companies. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

63 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

There is currently no public market for our Common
Stock, nor can we give any assurance that one will develop. As of the date hereof, none of our shares of Common Stock are subject to
outstanding options or warrants, nor do we have any outstanding equity that is convertible into shares of our Common Stock. In addition,
as of the date hereof, we have not granted any registration rights to any of our stockholders. No stock has been authorized for issuance
under any equity compensation plans. We are prohibited under the 1940 Act from selling our shares of Common Stock at an offering price,
after deducting selling commissions and dealer manager fees, that is below our NAV per share unless we obtain stockholder approval. In
connection with any issuance of shares of our Common Stock, our Board or a committee thereof will review the then current offering price
per share against the current estimated NAV per share to ensure that we are not selling shares of our Common Stock at a price which,
after deducting selling commissions and dealer manager fees, was below our NAV per share. 

Set forth below is a chart describing the classes
of our securities outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Title of Class Amount Authorized Amount Issued Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share - 

Holders 

As of March 29, 2023, there were 190 holders of
record of our Common Stock. 

Distribution Policy 

To the extent that we have funds available, we
intend to distribute quarterly dividends to our stockholders. Our quarterly dividends, if any, will be determined by our Board. Any dividends
to our stockholders will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. 

We elected to be treated, and intend to qualify
annually thereafter, as a RIC under the Code. To obtain and maintain RIC tax treatment, among other things, we must distribute dividends
to our stockholders in respect of each taxable year of an amount at least equal to 90 of the sum of our net ordinary income and net
short-term capital gains in excess of our net long-term capital losses investment company taxable income ), determined
without regard to any deduction for dividends paid. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we currently intend to distribute
dividends to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the sum of: (1) 98 of our net ordinary
income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for such calendar year; (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess of capital
losses capital gain net income ), adjusted for certain ordinary losses, generally for the one-year period ending on October
31 of such calendar year; and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding years that were not distributed during
such years and on which we previously paid no U.S. federal income tax. 

We currently intend to distribute net capital
gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually out of the assets legally
available for such distributions. However, we may decide in the future to retain such capital gains for investment, incur a corporate-level
tax on such capital gains, and elect to treat such capital gains as deemed distributions to you. If this happens, you will be treated
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as if you had received an actual distribution of the capital gains that we retain and reinvested
the net after tax proceeds in us. In this situation, you would be eligible to claim a tax credit equal to your allocable share of the
tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to you. We cannot assure you that we will achieve results that will permit us to
pay any cash distributions, and if we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so would cause
us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if such distributions are limited by the terms of any
of our borrowings. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and
Use of Proceeds 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company issued and sold 1,331,752 shares of Common Stock at an aggregate purchase price of approximately 13,686 thousand. The issuance
of the shares of common stock was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) and Rule
506(b) of Regulation D thereof. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Not applicable. 

64 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis provides
additional disclosures on the company s performance, accounting practices, compliance with laws and regulations and should be read
in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as otherwise specified, references to we, us, our, or the
 Company refer to MSC Capital LLC prior to the Conversion (as defined herein), and Steele Creek Capital Corporation on and
after the Conversion. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Some of the statements in this report constitute
forward-looking statements that involve substantial known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Undue reliance should not
be placed on such statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations,
estimates and projections about our company, our current and prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions.
Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, will, may, 
 continue, believes, seeks, estimates, would, could, 
 should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended
to identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially and these statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict
and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements, including: 

uncertainties associated with the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, including the negative effect that the COVID-19 pandemic is having and is expected to have on the credit markets and the negative effect that the COVID-19 pandemic could have on our business; 

our future operating results; 

our business prospects
 and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

the impact of investments
 that we expect to make; 

changes in political, economic
 or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; 

the ability of the Steele
 Creek Investment Management LLC (the Investment Advisor to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer
 our investments; 

the ability of the Investment
 Advisor and its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

risk associated with possible
 disruptions in our operations or the economy generally; 

the timing of cash flows,
 if any, from the operations of the companies in which we invest; 

the adequacy of our cash
 resources and working capital; 

the ability of the companies
 in which we invest to achieve their objectives; 

the dependence of our future
 success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we invest; 

our ability to maintain
 our qualification as a BDC and as a RIC under the Code; 

the use of borrowed money
 to finance a portion of our investments; 

the adequacy, availability
 and pricing of our financing sources and working capital; 

actual or potential conflicts
 of interest with the Investment Advisor and its affiliates; 

our contractual arrangements
 and relationships with third parties; 

65 

our expected financings
 and investments; 

the economic downturn,
 interest rate volatility, loss of key personnel, and the illiquid nature of our investments; and 

the risks, uncertainties
 and other factors we identify under Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

We have based the forward-looking statements
included in this report on information available to us on the date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports
that we may file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC in the future, including any annual reports on
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which
these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking
statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In particular, statements herein about the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic
on our business, results, financial position, and liquidity may constitute forward-looking statements and are subject to the risk that
the actual impact may differ, possibly materially, from what is currently estimated. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from
time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our
business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement
in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. These risks and uncertainties
include those described or identified in the section entitled Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report.
You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. Moreover, we
assume no duty and do not undertake to update the forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We are a financial services company that primarily
invests in syndicated corporate bank loans, bonds, other debt securities, and structured products. We are a externally managed, non-diversified,
closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC and has elected to be treated for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, and to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under the Code. We were formed on June 3, 2020 as a Delaware limited liability
company under the name MSC Capital LLC. MSC Capital LLC was formed by Steele Creek Investment Management LLC, Moelis Asset and two affiliates.
On October 7, 2020, MSC Capital LLC converted to a Maryland corporation (the Conversion ), named Steele Creek Capital Corporation.
On September 3, 2020, we formed a wholly-owned consolidated special purpose financing vehicle, Steele Creek Capital Funding I, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company. 

Our investment objective is to generate high
current income by investing primarily in fixed income instruments, including broadly syndicated bank loans, structured products, mezzanine
financings and senior secured bonds. We provide moderate liquidity to our shareholders by offering a quarterly share repurchase program.
As of December 31, 2022, no shares have been tendered through the share repurchase program. Broadly syndicated loans are generally more
liquid than directly originated investments and may provide more attractive financing terms than less liquid assets. Mezzanine financings
are generally unrated or below investment grade rated investments that have greater credit and liquidity risk than more highly rated
debt obligations. Moreover, mezzanine financings are generally unsecured and subordinate to other obligations of the obligor and are
subject to many of the same risks as those associated with high-yield debt securities. 

Revenues 

We
generate revenue primarily in the form of interest and fee income on debt investments we hold and capital gains, if any, on investments.
We generally expect our debt investments to bear interest at a floating rate usually determined on the basis of a benchmark such as London
Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ).
Interest on debt securities is generally payable monthly, quarterly or semi-annually. In some instances, we expect to receive payments
on our debt investments based on scheduled amortization of the outstanding balances. In addition, we may receive repayments of some of
our debt investments prior to their scheduled maturity date. The frequency or volume of these repayments is expected to fluctuate significantly
from period to period. Our portfolio activity is also expected to reflect the proceeds of sales of securities. We may also generate revenue
in the form of commitment, origination, amendment, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting
fees. 

66 

Expenses 

Our primary operating expenses include the payment
of fees to our Investment Advisor under the Investment Advisory Agreement, our allocable portion of overhead and rental expenses under
the Administration Agreement and other operating costs described below. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations
and transactions, including: 

our initial organization
 costs incurred prior to the commencement of our operations; 

operating costs incurred
 prior to the commencement of our operations; 

the cost of calculating
 our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

the cost of effecting sales
 and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities, including in connection with the Private Offering; 

distribution and shareholder
 servicing fees payable to our dealer manager and financial intermediaries; 

fees payable to third parties
 relating to making investments, including our Investment Advisor s or its affiliates travel expenses, research costs
 and out-of-pocket fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence and reviews of prospective investments; 

interest expense and other
 costs associated with our indebtedness; 

transfer agent and custodial
 fees; 

out-of-pocket fees and
 expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

federal and state registration
 fees and any stock exchange listing fees; 

U.S. federal, state and
 local taxes; 

Independent Directors 
 fees and expenses; 

brokerage commissions and
 markups; 

fidelity bond, directors 
 and officers liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

direct costs, such as printing,
 mailing, long distance telephone and staff; 

fees and expenses associated
 with independent audits and outside legal costs; 

costs associated with our
 reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and other applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and 

other expenses incurred
 by the Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under the Administration Agreement that
 will be based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review and approval of our Board) of overhead, including rental expenses 

From time to time, the Administrator or its affiliates
may pay third-party providers of goods or services. We will reimburse the Administrator or such affiliates thereof for any such amounts
paid on our behalf under the Administration Agreement. All of the foregoing expenses will ultimately be borne by our stockholders. 

67 

Our Investment Advisor is authorized to determine
the broker to be used for each portfolio transaction. In selecting brokers to execute transactions, the Investment Advisor need not solicit
competitive bids and does not have an obligation to seek the lowest available commission cost. In selecting brokers, the Investment Advisor
may or may not negotiate execution only commission rates and thus we may be deemed to be paying for other services provided
by the broker that are included in the commission rate. In negotiating commission rates, the Investment Advisor will take into account
the financial stability and reputation of the broker and the brokerage, research and other services provided to us, the Investment Advisor
and other customers of the Investment Advisor and its affiliates by such broker, even though we may not, in any particular instance,
be the direct or indirect beneficiaries of the research or other services provided and the management fee payable to the Investment Advisor
is not reduced because it receives such services. In addition, the Investment Advisor may direct commissions to certain brokers that
on the foregoing basis may furnish other services to us, the Investment Advisor and other customers of the Investment Advisor and its
affiliates, such as telephone lines, news and quotation equipment, electronic office equipment, account record keeping and clerical services,
trading software, financial publications and economic consulting services. As a result of the brokerage practices described above, the
levels of commission paid, and prices paid or received by us in portfolio transactions may be less favorable than in portfolio transactions
effected on a best price and execution basis. 

Compensation Paid to the Dealer Manager and
Participating Financial Intermediaries 

The Company has engaged S2K Financial LLC as
dealer manager to assist with the placement of the Company s shares Dealer Manager ). Certain investors will pay
a maximum upfront sales load of up to 5.5 of the Company s net asset value per share for combined upfront selling commissions
and dealer manager fees. Investors will pay a maximum upfront selling commission of 3.0 and a maximum dealer manager fee of 2.5 . The
purchase price paid by an investor will be the Company s net asset value per share plus all upfront selling commissions and dealer
manager fees. All or a portion of selling commissions and dealer manager fees may be reduced or eliminated in connection with certain
categories of sales such as, without limitation, sales through investment advisers or sales to our affiliates. 

The Company will pay to the Dealer Manager a shareholder
servicing fee Shareholder Servicing Fee at a maximum annual rate equal to 0.0 of the Company s net assets up to
 28,200 thousand and of 1.0 of the Company s net assets over 28,200 thousand. The Shareholder Servicing Fee will be payable on
a monthly basis. With respect to each share sold, the Shareholder Servicing Fee will be paid until the third anniversary of the applicable
month of purchase. All or a portion of which may be reallowed by the Dealer Manager to participating Financial Intermediaries. The purpose
of the Shareholder Servicing Fee is to reimburse our Dealer Manager for costs incurred by selected Financial Intermediaries and investment
representatives for providing ongoing shareholder services. The Shareholder Servicing Fee is paid pursuant to a Servicing Plan adopted
by the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation
of the Servicing Plan or in any agreements entered into in connection therewith. The Servicing Plan will remain in effect for so long
as such continuance is reapproved annually by the Board. We initially estimated the organization and offering expenses to be paid by us
to be 1,500 thousand, which was equal to 1 of the gross offering proceeds if we sold 1,500 thousand of shares in the initial 12-month
period of the Private Offering following the initial filing date of our Form 10. Through December 31, 2022, we have paid 744 thousand
in organizational and offering costs on 5,643,073 shares. 

The Investment Advisor or its affiliates, in
the Investment Advisor s discretion and from their own resources, will pay additional compensation to our Dealer Manager in connection
with the sale and servicing of shares. In return for the Additional Compensation, the Company may receive certain marketing advantages.
Our Dealer Manager may reallow all or a portion of the Additional Compensation to participating Financial Intermediaries. The Additional
Compensation will not be paid by our shareholders. 

Current
Market Conditions 

Capital
markets activity was largely opportunistic for the quarter, as high-quality issuers were able to address upcoming maturities. Meanwhile,
B3 rated and underperforming credits faced challenges syndicating conventional deals, leading to amend and extend transactions in certain
cases. The secondary loan market exhibited relative stability throughout the quarter, with the Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index
closing out the year with an average bid of 91.89, up from 91.60 and returning 2.3 against 1.2 in the third quarter, respectively.
Loan downgrades continued to outpace upgrades by the rating agencies and default expectations for 2023 are forecasted by Fitch Ratings
at 2 -3 with street estimates ranging from 3 -6 , versus 1.6 for 2022. 

68 

Portfolio and Investment Activity 

As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio had a
fair market value of approximately 127,619 thousand, a cost basis of approximately 137,084 thousand and was comprised of leveraged
loans, measured at fair value. Our loan portfolio consisted of 164 investments in 25 industries and in 5 domiciled countries. The following
table depicts a summary of the portfolio as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Investments 
 
 Cost 
 137,084 
 
 Cumulative Net Unrealized Depreciation 
 (9,465 
 
 Fair Value 
 127,619 
 
 Yield at Cost 
 8.65 

As of December 31,
2021, our portfolio had a fair market value of approximately 106,997 thousand, a cost basis of approximately 106,443 thousand and was
comprised of leveraged loans, measured at fair value. Our loan portfolio consisted of 130 investments in 25 industries and in 2 domiciled
countries. The following table depicts a summary of the portfolio as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Investments 
 
 Cost 
 106,443 
 
 Cumulative Net Unrealized Appreciation 
 554 
 
 Fair Value 
 106,997 
 
 Yield at Cost 
 4.90 

As of December 31, 2022, 100 of the term loan
investments in the portfolio bore interest at floating rates, with 83.9 of our loan portfolio (at fair value) and 83.4 of our loan
portfolio (at cost) having an interest rate floor above 0.0 . Recent interest rate increase announced in the United States have driven
the LIBOR and SOFR base rates above the floors in effect as of quarter end. Base rates on 100 of the portfolio exceed the stated floors. 

69 

As of December 31, 2021,
100.0 of the investments in the portfolio bore interest at floating rates, with 80.8 of our loan portfolio (at fair value) and 80.8 
of our loan portfolio (at cost) having an interest rate floor above 0.0 . The composition of our floating rate loan portfolio by interest
rate floor as of December 31, 2021 was as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Interest Rate Floor 
 Fair Value 
 of Floating Rate Portfolio 
 Cost 
 of Floating Rate Portfolio 
 
 0.00 
 20,539 
 19.20 
 20,465 
 19.23 
 
 0.50 
 29,680 
 27.74 
 29,515 
 27.73 
 
 0.75 
 36,763 
 34.35 
 36,468 
 34.26 
 
 1.00 
 20,015 
 18.71 
 19,995 
 18.78 

106,997 
 100.00 
 106,443 
 100.00 

The portfolio is actively managed, with a turnover
ratio of 107.3 and 612.5 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Our loan portfolio rotation was
reflective of the active management style, which seeks to optimize the portfolio based on current market conditions by rotating into positions
that have better relative values. Our level of turnover is due to the ramping of the portfolio and fundraising. This high level does provide
an indication of the liquidity in our portfolio and the leverage loan market. The average yield for the years ended December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021 on the investment was 9.29 and 4.87 , respectively. The following tables depict the portfolio activity (in thousands): 

Year 
ended 
December 31, 
2022 

Year 
ended 
December 31, 
2021 

Fair Value, Beginning 

106,997 

67,811 

Purchases 

163,582 

606,314 

Sales and Repayments 

(133,480) 

(569,373) 
 
 Payment in-kind interest income 

11 

6 

Non-cash income accrual 

200 

175 

Net realized gains 

328 

2,365 

Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation 

(10,019) 

(301) 
 
 Fair Value, Ending 

127,619 

106,997 

Year 
ended 
December 31, 
2022 

Year 
ended 
December 31, 
2021 

Investments, Beginning 

130 

84 

Purchases 

121 

441 

Complete exit 

(87) 

(395) 
 
 Investments, Ending 

164 

130 

70 

The portfolio was diversified across both issuers
and industries with the average investment exposure in our loan portfolio of 778 thousand at fair value, or 0.6 of the total portfolio,
as of the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table shows the loan portfolio composition by industry grouping at fair value as
a percentage of total loans as of December 31, 2022: 

As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 14.3 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 12.4 
 
 Services: Business 
 11.8 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 8.6 
 
 Telecommunications 
 7.3 
 
 Aerospace Defense 
 5.1 
 
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 
 4.3 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 3.8 
 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 3.7 
 
 Containers, Packaging Glass 
 3.5 
 
 Retail 
 2.9 
 
 Automotive 
 2.9 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 
 2.6 
 
 Transportation: Consumer 
 2.6 
 
 Construction Building 
 2.4 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 2.2 
 
 Consumer goods: Durable 
 2.1 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 1.5 
 
 Energy: Electricity 
 1.4 
 
 Consumer goods: Non-durable 
 1.4 
 
 Services: Consumer 
 1.1 
 
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 
 0.9 
 
 Forest Products Paper 
 0.7 
 
 Utilities: Electric 
 0.4 
 
 Utilities: Oil Gas 
 0.1 

100.0 

71 

The portfolio was diversified
across both issuers and industries with the average exposure to an individual obligor in our loan portfolio of 823 thousand at fair
value, or 0.8 of the total portfolio, as of December 31, 2021. The following table shows the loan portfolio composition by industry
grouping at fair value as a percentage of total loans as of December 31, 2021: 

As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 
 16.4 
 
 Services: Business 
 11.4 
 
 Telecommunications 
 10.6 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 10.6 
 
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 
 7.6 
 
 Aerospace Defense 
 6.4 
 
 Transportation: Cargo 
 4.9 
 
 Energy: Oil Gas 
 4.8 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 4.4 
 
 Retail 
 3.7 
 
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 
 2.7 
 
 Automotive 
 1.9 
 
 Containers, Packaging Glass 
 1.8 
 
 Energy: Electricity 
 1.8 
 
 Services: Consumer 
 1.8 
 
 Construction Building 
 1.8 
 
 Consumer goods: Durable 
 1.3 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 1.3 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 
 1.2 
 
 Forest Products Paper 
 0.9 
 
 Consumer goods: Non-durable 
 0.7 
 
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 
 0.5 
 
 Transportation: Consumer 
 0.5 
 
 Utilities: Electric 
 0.5 
 
 Metals Mining 
 0.5 

100.0 

72 

Results of Operations 

Operating results were as follows (in thousands): 

For the 
year ended 
December 31, 
2022 

For the 
year ended 
December 31, 
2021 

Investment income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments: 

Interest income 

8,350 

4,417 

Other income 

- 

14 

Total investment income 

8,350 

4,431 

Expenses: 

Management fees 

1,601 

1,766 

Interest and debt financing expenses 

2,794 

1,134 

Professional fees 

363 

482 

Incentive fees 

(86) 

308 

Offering costs paid by Moelis Asset 

- 

116 

Administration expenses 

202 

175 

Directors fees 

80 

80 

Custody fees 

42 

30 

Other general and administrative expenses 

818 

466 

Legal fees paid by Moelis Asset 

55 

- 

Organizational costs paid by Moelis Asset 

- 

23 

Total expenses 

5,869 

4,580 

Less: management fees waived 

(595) 

(814) 
 
 Net expenses 

5,274 

3,766 

Net investment income (loss) 

3,076 

665 

Net realized gain on non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments 

328 

2,365 

Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on non-controlled/non-affiliate investments 

(10,019) 

(301) 
 
 Net realized and unrealized gain on investments 

(9,691) 

2,064 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

(6,615) 

2,729 

Investment Income 

Investment income is
recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. Where applicable, OID and purchased discounts
and premiums are accreted into interest income using the effective interest method. Loan origination fees are deferred and accreted into
interest income using the effective interest method. We record prepayment premiums on loans and other investments as interest income
when such amounts are received. Investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was approximately 8,350
thousand and 4,431 thousand, respectively. 

73 

Total Expenses 

Total expenses for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, totaled approximately 5,869 thousand and 4,580 thousand, respectively. Total expenses
include management, incentive, audit and tax preparation fees, organizational costs, offering costs, interest and debt financing costs,
directors fees, administration expenses and other general and administrative expenses. Expenses are recognized on an accrual basis.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Moelis Asset, parent of the Investment Advisor, paid 55 thousand and 139
thousand, respectively, of legal, organizational and offering costs incurred by the Company related to the formation of the entity. Moelis
Asset will incur these expenses and they will not be charged back to the Company. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Investment Advisor waived 595 thousand of management fees. No incentive fees were waived. The actions taken by Moelis
Asset and the Investment Advisor effectively reduced total expenses incurred by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 of approximately
 5,869 thousand to approximately 5,274 thousand. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, the Investment Advisor waived 814 thousand of management fees. No incentive fees were waived. The actions taken by Moelis
Asset and the Investment Advisor effectively reduced total expenses incurred by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021 of approximately
 4,580 thousand to approximately 3,766 thousand. 

Net Realized Gain
on Investments 

Sales and repayments
of investments during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 133,480 thousand resulting in net realized gains of approximately
 328 thousand. 

Sales and repayments
of investments during the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 569,373 thousand resulting in net realized gains of
approximately 2,365 thousand. 

Net Unrealized
Depreciation on Investments 

Unrealized depreciation
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, of approximately 10,019 thousand and 301 thousand, respectively, reflects
the changes in fair value of investments as determined in compliance with the Investment Advisor s valuation policy. 

Taxes 

We elected to be treated, and intend to qualify
annually to maintain our election to be treated, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain our RIC tax election, we must,
among other requirements, meet certain annual source-of-income and quarterly asset diversification requirements. We also must annually
distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders out of the assets legally available for distribution of
an amount generally at least equal to 90 of the sum of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of
realized net long-term capital losses, or investment company taxable income, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends
paid. 

Although not required for us to maintain our
RIC tax status, in order to avoid the imposition of a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax imposed on RICs, we must distribute dividends
for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the Excise tax
Avoidance Requirement. 

Because federal income tax regulations differ
from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net investment income and net realized gain recognized for
financial reporting purposes. Differences between tax regulations and GAAP may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified
among capital accounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements to reflect their appropriate tax character. Temporary differences arise
when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. 

We have formed and expect to continue to form
certain taxable subsidiaries, including the taxable subsidiary, which are taxed as corporations. These taxable subsidiaries allow us
to hold equity securities of certain portfolio companies treated as pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes while
facilitating our ability to qualify as a RIC under the Code. 

74 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

We generate cash primarily from the net proceeds
of any offering of shares of our common stock and from cash flows from interest and fees earned from our investments and principal repayments
and proceeds from sales of our investments. We may also fund a portion of our investments through borrowings from banks and issuances
of senior securities, including before we have fully invested the proceeds of the Private Offering. Our primary use of cash is investments
in portfolio companies, payments of our expenses and payment of cash distributions to our stockholders. 

Capital Contributions 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued and sold 1,331,752 shares of Common Stock with a par value of 0.001 per share for an aggregate offering price of 13,686 thousand.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued and sold 1,678,093 shares of Common Stock with a par value of 0.001 per share
for an aggregate offering price of 18,448 thousand. The sale of its common stock was made pursuant to subscription agreements between
the Company and the investors, and the issuance of the common stock was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. 

Our shares of common stock constitute illiquid
investments for which there is not, and will likely not be, a secondary market at any time prior to a public offering and listing of
our shares on a national securities exchange. There can be no guarantee that we will conduct a public offering and list our shares on
a national securities exchange. Investment in the Company is suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability
and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an investment in the Company. 

We provide moderate liquidity to our shareholders
by offering a quarterly share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, no shares have been tendered through the share repurchase
program. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company issued 5,643,073
shares of Common Stock. 

Borrowings 

October 13, 2020, we entered into a two-year
secured revolving Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement with BNP Paribas BNP as lender and administrative
agent (the BNP Credit Facility providing a maximum of 45,000 thousand Maximum Facility Amount to Steele
Creek Capital Funding I, LLC Funding I ). The Company created a wholly owned subsidiary, Funding I, which it will use to
hold the Company s investments, and a first priority continuing security interest in, to and under each investment, all underlying
investments and underlying assets has been granted to BNP to be used as collateral for the BNP Credit Facility. During the BNP Credit
Facility s revolving period, it bears interest at LIBOR plus 175 basis points. We believe that our capital resources will provide
us with the flexibility to take advantage of market opportunities when they arise. For the year ended December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2021 we had an average of 82,092 thousand and 53,173 thousand outstanding under the BNP Credit Facility, respectively. 

Funding I is required to pay an administrative
agent fee equal to 25 thousand per annum and a structuring fee equal to 0.25 of the Maximum Facility Amount paid on the twelve month
anniversary of the closing date. Additionally, an unused fee is payable quarterly in arrears in an amount equal to 0.70 on the
actual daily unused amount greater than 20 of the Maximum Facility Amount under the BNP Credit Facility from April 13, 2021 to the end
of the revolving period. 

On April 29, 2021, Funding I executed an amendment
to the BNP Credit Facility. The amendment solidified the LIBOR transition to SOFR for the planned discontinuation of LIBOR. The amendment
also increased the Individual Lender Maximum Facility Amount from 45,000 thousand to 80,000 thousand. 

On October 28, 2021, the Company executed an
additional amendment to the Credit Agreement. Material amendments included at this time include the revolving period being extended 36
months, from 12 months to 48 months and the interest rate being reduced from LIBOR plus 175 basis points to LIBOR plus 140 basis points.
The advance rate was increased from 67.5 to 70 and expanded to include a triple C bucket with a 60 advance rate. The structuring fee
was increased from 0.25 of the Maximum Facility Amount to 0.50 of the Maximum Facility Amount and will be paid in three equal installments
(December 2021, December 2022, and December 2023). Updates were made to allow for more flexibility to move capital out of the facility
subject to certain covenants. Except as described above, all other terms and provisions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect. 

On March 22, 2022, the Company amended the Credit
Agreement between Steele Creek Capital Funding I, LLC, BNP Paribas, and the Company as dated October 13, 2020 and as previously amended
(the Agreement ). Material amendments to the Agreement include the interest rate being converted from LIBOR plus 140 basis
points to SOFR plus 140 basis points plus 15 basis points. In addition, the Individual Lender Maximum Facility Amount increased from
 80,000 thousand to 95,000 thousand and the language and requirements related to the Agreed Upon Procedures provided by independent
accountants were amended to be more appropriate for the underlying collateral. 

On August 23, 2022, the Company amended the Credit
Agreement between Steele Creek Capital Funding I, LLC, BNP Paribas, and the Company as dated October 13, 2020 and as previously amended
(the Agreement ). This amendment contained certain conforming changes that are not material. 

The revolving period of the BNP Credit Facility
ends on October 28, 2025, unless terminated earlier by the Company. The maturity date of the BNP Credit Facility is the earliest to occur
of (a) October 28, 2026, and (b) the date on which the BNP gives notice to the Company, the Collateral Manager and the Equityholder following
the occurrence of and during the continuation of an Event of Default that the entire Outstanding Principal Amount of Loans shall be due
and payable. The stated maturity of October 28, 2026 may not be extended. 

75 

Distribution Policy 

To the extent that we have income available,
we intend to distribute quarterly dividends to our stockholders. Our quarterly dividends, if any, will be determined by our Board. Any
dividends to our stockholders will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution. 

We intend for the Company to be treated, and
intend to qualify annually thereafter, as a RIC under the Code. To obtain and maintain RIC tax treatment, among other things, we must
distribute dividends to our stockholders in respect of each taxable year of an amount at least equal to 90 of the sum of our net ordinary
income and net short-term capital gains in excess of our net long-term capital losses investment company taxable income ),
determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid. In order to avoid certain excise taxes imposed on RICs, we currently intend
to distribute dividends to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the sum of: (1) 98 of our
net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for such calendar year; (2) 98.2 of our capital gains in excess
of capital losses capital gain net income ), adjusted for certain ordinary losses, generally for the one-year period ending
on October 31 of such calendar year; and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding years that were not distributed
during such years and on which we previously paid no U.S. federal income tax. 

We currently intend to distribute net capital
gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually out of the assets legally
available for such distributions. However, we may decide in the future to retain such capital gains for investment, incur a corporate-level
tax on such capital gains, and elect to treat such capital gains as deemed distributions to you. If this happens, you will be treated
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as if you had received an actual distribution of the capital gains that we retain and reinvested
the net after tax proceeds in us. In this situation, you would be eligible to claim a tax credit equal to your allocable share of the
tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to you. We cannot assure you that we will achieve results that will permit us to
pay any cash distributions, and if we issue senior securities, we will be prohibited from making distributions if doing so would cause
us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if such distributions are limited by the terms of any
of our borrowings. 

Asset Coverage 

In accordance with the 1940 Act, the Company
has historically only been allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least
200 after such borrowing, permitting the Company to borrow up to one dollar for investment purposes for every one dollar of investor
equity. Asset coverage generally refers to a company s total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented
by senior securities, as defined in the 1940 Act, divided by total senior securities representing indebtedness and, if
applicable, preferred stock. Senior securities for this purpose includes borrowings from banks or other lenders, debt securities
and preferred stock. 

On March 23, 2018, the SBCAA was signed
into law. The SBCAA, among other things, modifies the applicable provisions of the 1940 Act to reduce the required asset coverage ratio
applicable to BDCs from 200 to 150 subject to certain approval, time and disclosure requirements (including either stockholder approval
or approval of a majority of the directors who are not interested persons of the BDC and who have no financial interest in the proposal).
On October 5, 2020, the Board and the Members of MSC Capital LLC voted to approve the adoption of the reduced asset coverage ratio. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
the Company had total senior securities of 83,150 thousand and 70,380 thousand, respectively, consisting of borrowings under the Credit
Facility, and had asset coverage ratios of 160.6 and 166.8 , respectively. For a discussion of certain risks associated with the
reduction of the required minimum asset coverage ratio applicable to the Company, see Risk Factors Risks Related to
Our Business and Structure The SBCAA allows us to incur additional leverage, which may increase the risk of investing with us. 

76 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Valuation Procedures 

Under procedures established by our Board and
in accordance with the 1940 Act, we value investments for which market quotations are readily available at such market quotations. Assets
listed on an exchange will be valued at their last sales prices as reported to the consolidated quotation service at 4:00 P.M. eastern
time on the date of determination. If no such sales of such securities occurred, such securities will be valued at the mean between the
last available bid and ask prices as reported by an independent, third party pricing service on the date of determination. Debt and equity
securities that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available will be valued at fair value, subject at all
times to the oversight and approval of our Board. Such determination of fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates, although
we will also engage independent valuation providers to review the valuation of each portfolio investment that constitutes a material
portion of our portfolio and that does not have a readily available market quotation at least once annually. With respect to unquoted
securities, our Investment Advisor, together with our independent valuation advisors, and subject at all times to the oversight and approval
of our Board, will value each investment considering, among other measures, discounted cash flow models, comparisons of financial ratios
of peer companies that are public and other factors. We have retained one or more independent providers of financial advisory services
to assist the Investment Advisor and the Board by performing certain limited third-party valuation services. We may appoint additional
or different third-party valuation firms in the future. 

When an external event such as a purchase transaction,
public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs with respect to a fair-valued portfolio company or comparable company, our Investment
Advisor will use the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate and/or assist us in our valuation. Because we expect that
there will not be a readily available market for many of the investments in our portfolio, we expect to value many of our portfolio investments
at fair value as determined in good faith by our Investment Advisor, as delegated by our Board, using a documented valuation policy and
a consistently applied valuation process. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have
a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used
had readily available market quotations existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 

FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic
820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the
inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. ASC 820 also provides guidance regarding a fair value hierarchy,
which prioritizes information used to measure fair value and the effect of fair value measurements on earnings and provides for enhanced
disclosures determined by the level of information used in the valuation. In accordance with ASC 820, these inputs are summarized in
the three levels listed below. 

Level 1 Valuations are based
on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement date. 

Level 2 Valuations are based
on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly and
model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable. 

Level 3 Valuations are based
on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial
instruments whose value is determined using pricing models incorporating significant unobservable inputs, such as discounted cash flow
models and other similar valuations techniques. The valuation of Level 3 assets and liabilities generally requires significant management
judgment due to the inability to observe inputs to valuation. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure
fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value
hierarchy is based on the lowest level of observable input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance
of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and it considers factors specific to the investment. 

77 

With respect to investments for which market
quotations are not readily available, our Investment Advisor will undertake a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described
below: 

Investments for which no
 such market prices are available or reliable will be preliminarily valued at such value as the Investment Advisor may reasonably
 determine, which may include third party valuations; 

At least once annually,
 the valuation for each portfolio investment that constitutes a material portion of our portfolio and that does not have a readily
 available market quotation will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm; and 

Our Investment Advisor will then discuss valuations and determine the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of the respective independent valuation firms. 

Investment Transactions, Realized/Unrealized
Gains or Losses, and Income Recognition 

Investment transactions are recorded on a trade
date basis (for publicly-traded investments and securities traded through dealer markets) or upon closing of the transaction (for private
investments). The cost of an investment includes all costs incurred by the Company as part of the purchase of such investment. The difference
between the initially recognized cost and the subsequent fair value measurement of an investment is reflected as net change in
unrealized appreciation on non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Realized gain or loss from an investment is recorded
at the time of disposition and calculated using the weighted average cost method. Unrealized gain or loss reflects the changes in fair
value of investments as determined in compliance with the Investment Advisor s valuation policy. 

Interest income, adjusted for amortization of
market premium and accretion of market discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts.
Interest income on debt instruments is accrued and recognized for those issuers who are currently paying in full or expected to pay in
full. For those issuers who are in default or expected to default, interest is not accrued and is only recognized when received. Interest
income and expense include discounts accreted and premiums amortized on certain debt instruments as determined in good faith by the Adviser
and calculated using the effective interest method. Loan origination fees, original issue discounts and market discounts or premiums
are capitalized as part of the underlying cost of the investments and accreted or amortized over the life of the investment as interest
income. 

Management and Incentive Fees 

We will accrue for the base management fee and
incentive fee that consists of an income-based component and a capital gains component. The accrual for incentive fee includes the recognition
of incentive fee on unrealized capital gains, even though such incentive fee is neither earned nor payable to the Adviser until the gains
are both realized and in excess of unrealized depreciation on investments. The amount of capital gains incentive fee expense related
to the hypothetical liquidation of the portfolio (and assuming no other changes in realized or unrealized gains and losses) would only
become payable to the Adviser in the event of a complete liquidation of the Company s portfolio as of period end and the termination
of the Advisory Agreement on such date. Also, it should be noted that the capital gains incentive fee expense fluctuates with the Company s
overall investment results. 

Expenses 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, and December
31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses of approximately 5,869 thousand and 4,580 thousand, respectively, primarily related to management
fees, incentive fees, interest and debt financing expenses, organization expenses, professional fees, directors fees, offering
costs and administration and custodian fees. 

78 

Federal Income Taxes 

We have elected to be treated, and to qualify
annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. Generally, a RIC is not subject to federal income taxes on distributed income and
gains if it distributes at least 90 of its net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of its net long-term capital
losses, if any, to its stockholders. We intend to distribute sufficient dividends to maintain our RIC status each year and we do not
anticipate paying any material federal income taxes in the future. 

Investment Income 

For debt investments, we record interest income
on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. OID and purchased discounts and premiums are accreted/amortized
into interest income using the effective interest method, where applicable. Loan origination fees are deferred and accreted into interest
income using the effective interest method. We record prepayment premiums on loans and other investments as interest income when such
amounts are received. We stop accruing interest on investments when it is determined that interest is no longer collectible. As of December
31, 2022 we had one loan on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2021, we had no loans on non-accrual status. 

Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change
in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation 

We measure realized gains or losses by the difference
between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, without regard to unrealized appreciation
or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees and prepayment penalties. Net change in unrealized appreciation
or depreciation reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously
recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. 

Realized gains and losses from securities transactions
and unrealized appreciation and depreciation of securities are determined using the identified cost basis method for financial reporting. 

Contractual Obligations 

Commitments to extend credit include loan proceeds
we are obligated to advance, such as delayed draws. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. The
par amount of the unfunded commitments is not recognized by the Company until the commitment becomes funded. As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 the Company had unfunded commitments of 74 thousand and 2,051 thousand, respectively. 

Related Party Transactions 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 an affiliate
of the Company contributed 250 thousand of cash in exchange for equity in the Company. As of December 31, 2022, affiliates owned approximately
43 of the Company representing approximately 21,458 thousand of the Company s net assets. As of December 31, 2021, affiliates
owned approximately 55 of the Company representing approximately 25,901 thousand of the Company s net assets. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Moelis
Asset, parent of the Investment Advisor, contributed 55 thousand to pay legal fees incurred by the Company. For the year ended December
31, 2021, Moelis Asset contributed 36 thousand to pay organizational and offering costs incurred by the Company related to the formation
of the entity. Moelis Asset will incur these expenses and they will not be charged back to the Company. 

Separate from the contributions made above, the
Company may, from time to time, purchase investments from, or sell investments to affiliates of our Investment Advisor at fair value on
the trade date. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no purchases of investments from or sales of investments
to affiliates of our Investment Advisor. 

79 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company incurred 80 thousand and 80 thousand in directors fees expense, respectively. The
directors fees were paid as of December 31, 2022 and 17 thousand were payable and included in Directors fees payable on
the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2021. On August 13, 2021, the Board agreed to make investments
rather than gross assets the basis for their fee to be more in line with the waivers implemented for management fees. 

The Company carries
employment practices liability, directors and officers and errors and omission insurance. For the best interests of the Company, these
policies are joint liability policies with Moelis Asset and its affiliates. 

Organizational and Offering Expenses 

Organizational costs are expensed as incurred
and offering cost are amortized over a twelve-month period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not incur organizational
and offering costs. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred 139 thousand of organizational and offering costs. Moelis
Asset incurred these expenses and they will not be charged back to the Company. 

Investment Advisory Agreement 

We have entered into the Investment Advisory
Agreement with the Investment Advisor, an affiliate of Moelis Asset, which was approved by our Board and our sole stockholder for an
initial two-year term, under which the Investment Advisor, subject to the overall supervision of our Board manages the day-to-day operations
of and provides investment advisory services to us. Subsequent to that two-year term, the Board will approve the Investment Advisory
Agreement of Investment Advisor for renewal annually. 

On August 15, 2022 the Board approved the renewal
of the Investment Advisory Agreement which automatically renews for successive one-year periods each September 17th; provided that such
continuance is specifically approved at least annually by the vote of the Board or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting
securities of the Company and the vote of a majority of the Independent Directors, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. 

The base management
fee is calculated at a maximum annual rate of 1.0 of the average of the weighted average (based on the number of shares outstanding
each day in the quarter) of our gross assets (including uninvested cash and cash equivalents) at the end of each of the two most recently
completed calendar quarters. Net management fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 1,006 thousand and
 952 thousand, respectively. The Company elected to waive a portion of the management fee and charged management fees on investments
rather than gross assets. The Investment Advisor has agreed to a 6.0 priority dividend to shareholders before receiving a fee for the
services it provides to the Company. 

Administration Agreement 

We have entered into the Administration Agreement
with the Administrator, an affiliate of Moelis Asset, which was approved by our Board and our sole stockholder for an initial two-year
term, under which the Administrator, subject to the overall supervision of our Board manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides
office space, office services and equipment and other administration services to us. Subsequent to that two-year term, the Board will
approve the Administration Agreement of Administrator for renewal annually. 

On August 15, 2022 the Board approved the renewal
of the Administration Agreement which automatically renews for successive one-year periods each September 17th; provided that such continuance
is specifically approved at least annually by the vote of the Board or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities
of the Company and the vote of a majority of the members of the Company s Board who are not parties to this Agreement or interested
persons (as such term defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act) of any such party, in accordance with the Investment
Company Act . 

Recent Developments 

Management has evaluated subsequent events through
the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements and has determined that there are no subsequent events outside the ordinary
scope of business that require adjustment to, or disclosure in, the consolidated financial statements other than those disclosed below. 

On
January 3, 2023, the Company issued and sold 38,579 shares of its
common stock to certain investors for an aggregate offering price of 344 thousand. The sale of its common stock was made pursuant to
subscription agreements between the Company and the investors, and the issuance of the common stock was exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. 

On February 1, 2023, the Company issued and sold
5,299 shares of its common stock to certain investors for an aggregate offering price of 50 thousand. The sale of its common stock was
made pursuant to subscription agreements between the Company and the investors, and the issuance of the common stock was exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. 

On March 1, 2023, the Company issued and sold
 23,458 shares of its common stock to certain investors for an aggregate offering price of
 221 thousand. The sale of its common stock was made pursuant to subscription agreements between the Company and the investors, and the
issuance of the common stock was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section
4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. 

As of March 29, 2023, the Investment Advisor has
received requests to tender approximately 114 thousand shares of the Company. 

80 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risks 

We are subject to financial market risks, including
changes in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that may result from changes in the level of
interest rates. Because we expect to fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is expected to be affected
by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a
significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 

As
of December 31, 2022, 100 of our loan portfolio bore interest at floating rates with 83.9 (at fair value) having an interest rate floor
between 0.50 and 1.00 . The floating rate loans are usually based on a LIBOR (or an alternative risk-free floating interest rate index)
rate and typically have durations ranging from one to six months,
after which they reset to current market interest rates. Floating rate investments subject to a floor generally reset to the current
market index after one to nine months if the index exceeds the floor. For positions with an interest rate floor, we do not benefit from
increases in interest rates until such rates exceed the floor and thereafter benefit from market rates above any such floor. 

Assuming that the consolidated statement of assets
and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 was to remain constant and that we took no actions to alter our existing interest rate sensitivity,
the following table shows the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates: 

As of December 31, 2022 
 
 Basis Point Changes 
 Interest Income 
 Interest Expense 
 Net Income 
 
 Up 300 basis points 
 4,125 
 (2,503 
 1,622 
 
 Up 200 basis points 
 2,750 
 (1,669 
 1,081 
 
 Up 100 basis points 
 1,375 
 (834 
 541 
 
 Down 100 basis points 
 (1,375 
 834 
 (541 
 
 Down 200 basis points 
 (2,750 
 1,669 
 (1,081 
 
 Down 300 basis points 
 (4,103 
 2,503 
 (1,600 

Although management believes that this measure
is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rates, it does not reflect any potential impact to the fair value of our investments as
a result of changes to interest rates, nor does it adjust for potential changes in the credit market, credit quality, size and composition
of the assets in our consolidated statement of assets and liabilities and other business developments that could affect the net increase/(decrease)
in net assets resulting from operations or net investment income. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not
differ materially from those shown above. 

81 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID # F-1 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-23 

82 

GRANT THORNTON LLP 

757 Third Avenue, 9 th Floor 

New York, NY, 10017 

D +1 212 599 0100 

F +1 212 370 4520 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

Steele Creek Capital Corporation 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets
and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments, of Steele Creek Capital Corporation (a Maryland corporation) and
subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in
net assets, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included
confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 by correspondence with the custodian and brokers; when replies were
not received from brokers, we performed other auditing procedures. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

, New York 

 March 29, 2023 

F- 1 

Steele Creek Capital Corporation 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Investments: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Cash 

Receivable for investments sold 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Interest receivable 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Credit facility 

Payable for investments purchased 

Management fees payable 

Interest payable 

Incentive fees payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Directors fees payable 
 -

Distributions payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Net Assets: 

Common shares, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Paid-in-capital in excess of par value 

Total distributable (deficit) earnings 

Total net assets 

Total liabilities and net assets 

Net asset value per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements 

F- 2 

Steele Creek Capital Corporation 

Consolidated Statement of Operations 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

For the 
year ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 For the 
year ended 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Investment income: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments: 

Interest income 

Other income 
 -

Total investment income 

Expenses: 

Management fees 

Interest and debt financing expenses 

Professional fees 

Incentive fees 

Offering costs - paid by Moelis Asset 
 -

Administration expenses 

Directors fees 

Custody fees 

Legal fees - paid by Moelis Asset 
 
 -

Organizational costs - paid by Moelis Asset 
 -

Other general and administrative expenses 

Total expenses 

Less: management fees waived 

Net expenses 

Net investment income 

Realized and unrealized (loss) gain on investments: 

Net realized gain on non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) on non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments 

Total net realized and unrealized (loss) gain on investments 

Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Per share data: 

Net investment income per share - basic and diluted

Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations per share - basic and diluted

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

Steele Creek Capital Corporation 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Operations 

Net investment income 

Net realized gain on investments 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) on investments 

Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Distributions to Stockholders 

Distributions of realized income 

Capital Share Transactions 

Issuance of common shares 

Contributions for expenses 

Contributions for organizational and offering costs 
 -

Contributions for legal fees 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred offering costs 
 -

55 
 138 

Net Assets 

Net increase in net assets during the year 

Net assets at beginning of year 

Net assets at end of year 

Capital Share Activity 

Issuance of common shares 

Shares issued and outstanding at beginning of year 

Shares issued and outstanding at end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements 

F- 4 

Steele Creek Capital Corporation 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Purchase of investments 

Proceeds from sales of investments and paydowns 

Payment in-kind interest income 

Amortization of premium/accretion of discount, net 

Net realized (gain) on investments 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on investments 

Amortization of offering costs 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivable for investments sold 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Interest receivable 

Payable for investments purchased 

Management fees payable 

Interest payable 

Incentive fees payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Directors fees payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 

Repayments on debt 
 
 - 
 
 Contribution from Moelis Asset for organizational and offering costs 
 -

Contribution from Moelis Asset for legal fees 
 
 -

Payments of offering costs 
 -

Stockholder distributions paid 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in Cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Operating Activities: 

Interest paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 
 
 Non-controlled/Non-Affiliate
 Investments -253.30 of Shareholder s Equity (3) 

Investments
 made in United States Companies 

Aerospace
 Defense 

Amentum
 Government Services Holdings LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

HDT
 Holdco, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

MAG
 DS Corp. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Peraton
 Corp. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Propulsion
 (BC) Midco SARL 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Spirit
 Aerosystems, Inc. (fka Mid-Western Aircraft Systems, Inc and Onex Wind Finance LP.) 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Vertex
 Aerospace Services Corp. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Aerospace Defense 

Automotive 

Autokiniton
 US Holdings, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

First
 Brands Group, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Gates
 Global LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Holley
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Automotive 

F- 6 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

AssuredPartners,
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Asurion,
 LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Baldwin
 Risk Partners, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Blackstone
 Mortgage Trust, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Citadel
 Securities LP 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Deerfield
 Dakota Holding, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

DRW
 Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

FinCo
 I LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Guggenheim
 Partners Investment Management Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

IMA
 Financial Group, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Jane
 Street Group, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

KREF
 Holdings X LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

LendingTree,
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Minotaur
 Acquisition, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Newport
 Parent, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Paysafe
 Group Holdings II Limited 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Resolute
 Investment Managers, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Russell
 Investments US Institutional Holdco, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Ryan
 Specialty Group, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

Capital
 Equipment 

American
 Trailer World Corp. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

DMT
 Solutions Global Corporation 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

DS
 Parent, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Energy
 Acquisition LP 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Novae
 LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 Capital Equipment 

F- 7 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 

Albaugh,
 LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Bakelite
 UK Intermediate Ltd. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

DCG
 Acquisition Corp. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Sparta
 U.S. Holdco LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 

Construction
 Building 

Janus
 International Group, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Michael
 Baker International, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Smyrna
 Ready Mix Concrete, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 Construction Building 

Consumer
 Goods: Durable 

LHS
 Borrower, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Hunter
 Douglas Holding B.V. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Mannington
 Mills, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Pelican
 Products, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

Consumer
 Goods: Non-Durable 

Conair
 Holdings LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Men s
 Wearhouse, LLC, The 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

F- 8 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Containers,
 Packaging Glass 

Canister
 International Group Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Clydesdale
 Acquisition Holdings, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Pactiv
 Evergreen Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Plaze,
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Sabert
 Corporation 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Containers, Packaging Glass 

Energy:
 Electricity 

Astoria
 Energy LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Hamilton
 Projects Acquiror, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Energy: Electricity 

Energy:
 Oil Gas 

AL
 NGPL Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

CQP
 Holdco LP 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Delek
 US Holdings, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Prairie
 ECI Acquiror LP 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Energy: Oil Gas 

Forest
 Products Paper 

Schweitzer-Mauduit
 International, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Forest Products Paper 

Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 

Alvogen
 Pharma US, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Amneal
 Pharmaceuticals 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

ANI
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

ASP
 Navigate Acquisition Corp. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Athletico
 Management, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Aveanna
 Healthcare LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Bayou
 Intermediate II, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Carestream
 Dental Technology Parent Limited 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

F- 9 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

CCRR
 Parent, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term
 Loan 

L + 

Confluent
 Health, LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Confluent
 Health, LLC (4) 
 First Lien - Delayed Draw
 Loan 

L + 

FC
 Compassus, LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Global
 Medical Response, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Golden
 State Buyer, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Help
 at Home, LLC 
 First Lien - Delayed Draw
 Loan 

S + 

Help
 at Home, LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Onex
 TSG Intermediate Corp. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

PDS
 Holdco Inc. 
 First Lien - Delayed Draw
 Loan 

L + 

PDS
 Holdco Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Revspring,
 Inc. (fka Dantom Systems, Inc.) 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

TTF
 Holdings, LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

U.S.
 Anesthesia Partners, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

US
 Radiology Specialists, Inc. (US Outpatient Imaging Services, Inc.) 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Zelis
 Cost Management Buyer, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Zotec
 Partners, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

High
 Tech Industries 

Boxer
 Parent Company Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Casa
 Systems, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

CE
 Intermediate I, LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

ConnectWise,
 LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Ingram
 Micro Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

LogMeIn,
 Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Monotype
 Imaging Holdings Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Quest
 Software US Holdings Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Rocket
 Software, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Rocket
 Software, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Seattle
 SpinCo, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

VeriFone
 Systems, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Vision
 Solutions, Inc. (Precisely Software Incorporated) 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Watlow
 Electric Manufacturing Company 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 High Tech Industries 

F- 10 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 

Arcis
 Golf LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

ClubCorp
 Holdings, Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Fertitta
 Entertainment, LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Herschend
 Entertainment Company, LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Sabre
 GLBL Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Sabre
 GLBL Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Sabre
 GLBL Inc. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Scientific
 Games International, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 

Oceankey
 (U.S.) II Corp. 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Thryv,
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 

LCPR
 Loan Financing LLC 
 First Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Sinclair
 Television Group, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 

F- 11 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Retail 

Apro,
 LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

EG
 Group Limited 
 First
 Lien - Delayed Draw Loan 

L + 

Great
 Outdoors Group, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Rent-A-Center,
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Retail 

Services:
 Business 

Access
 CIG, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Ahead
 DB Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Artera
 Services, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Congruex
 Group LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

DTI
 Holdco, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Energize
 Holdco LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Indy
 US Bidco, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Mermaid
 Bidco Inc. (Datasite) 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Misys
 Limited 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Phoenix
 Services International LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan (DIP) 

S + 

Phoenix
 Services International LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan (DIP) 

S + 

Phoenix
 Services International LLC (5) 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Pitney
 Bowes Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Presidio
 Holdings Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Sitel
 Group 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Skopima
 Consilio Parent LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Tempo
 Acquisition, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

UST
 Global Inc 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

VM
 Consolidated, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Services: Business 

Services:
 Consumer 

WW
 International, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Services: Consumer 

F- 12 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Telecommunications 

Avaya
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

CCI
 Buyer, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

ConvergeOne
 Holdings, Corp. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Digi
 International Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Mavenir
 Systems, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Maxar
 Technologies Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Patagonia
 Holdco LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Syniverse
 Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Zayo
 Group Holdings, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Telecommunications 

Transportation:
 Cargo 

Carriage
 Purchaser, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Daseke
 Companies, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Echo
 Global Logistics, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Kenan
 Advantage Group, Inc.,The 
 Second
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Stonepeak
 Taurus Lower Holdings LLC 
 Second
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 Transportation: Cargo 

Transportation:
 Consumer 

Avolon
 TLB Borrower 1 (US) LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

First
 Student Bidco Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

First
 Student Bidco Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Lakeland
 Tours, LLC 
 Second
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Safe
 Fleet Holdings LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

United
 AirLines, Inc. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Transportation: Consumer 

F- 13 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Utilities:
 Electric 

PG E
 Corporation 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Utilities: Electric 

Utilities:Oil
 Gas 

AL
 GCX Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 Utilities: Oil Gas 

Total
 Investments made in United States Companies 

Investments
 made in Ireland Companies 

Aerospace
 Defense 

Setanta
 Aircraft Leasing DAC 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Aerospace Defense 

Services:
 Consumer 

Cimpress
 plc 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Services: Consumer 

Total
 Investments made in Ireland Companies 

Investments
 made in Luxembourg Companies 

Containers,
 Packaging Glass 

Mar
 Bidco S.a r.l. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Containers, Packaging Glass 

Telecommunications 

Venga
 Finance S.a r.l. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Zacapa
 S.a r.l. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 Telecommunications 

Total
 Investments made in Luxembourg Companies 

F- 14 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2022 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Investments
 made in Netherland Companies 

Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 

Playa
 Resorts Holding B.V. 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

S + 

Total
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

Total
 Investments made in Netherland Companies 

Investments
 made in United Kingdom Companies 

Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

HIG
 Finance 2 Limited 
 First
 Lien - Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

Total
 Investments made in United Kingdom Companies 

Total
 Non-controlled/Non-Affiliate Investments 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 15 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 
 
 Non-controlled/Non-Affiliate
 Investments 

Term
 Floating Rate Loans 227.70 of Shareholder s Equity (3) 

Investments
 made in United States Companies 

Aerospace
 Defense 

Amentum
 Government Services Holdings LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

HDT
 Holdco, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

MAG
 DS Corp. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Peraton
 Corp. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Setanta
 Aircraft Leasing DAC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Spirit
 Aerosystems, Inc. (fka Mid-Western Aircraft Systems, Inc and Onex Wind Finance LP.) 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Vertex
 Aerospace Services Corp. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Aerospace Defense 

Automotive 

Autokiniton
 US Holdings, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

First
 Brands Group, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Automotive 

Banking,
 Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

Baldwin
 Risk Partners, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

DRW
 Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

FinCo
 I LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

HIG
 Finance 2 Limited 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Jane
 Street Group, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

KREF
 Holdings X LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

LendingTree,
 Inc. (5) 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Newport
 Parent, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Resolute
 Investment Managers, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Russell
 Investments US Institutional Holdco, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Ryan
 Specialty Group, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

Capital
 Equipment 

American
 Trailer World Corp. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

DMT
 Solutions Global Corporation 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

DS
 Parent, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Energy
 Acquisition LP 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Capital Equipment 

F- 16 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Chemicals,
 Plastics, Rubber 

DCG
 Acquisition Corp. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

LSF11
 A5 Holdco LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Sparta
 U.S. Holdco LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber 

Construction
 Building 

Janus
 International Group, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Michael
 Baker International, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Construction Building 

Consumer
 Goods: Durable 

Mannington
 Mills, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Pelican
 Products, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

Consumer
 Goods: Non-Durable 

Conair
 Holdings LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

Containers,
 Packaging Glass 

Canister
 International Group Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Plaze,
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Sabert
 Corporation 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Containers, Packaging Glass 

Energy:
 Electricity 

Astoria
 Energy LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Hamilton
 Projects Acquiror, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Energy: Electricity 

Energy:
 Oil Gas 

AL
 NGPL Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

ChampionX
 Holding Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

CQP
 Holdco LP 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Lucid
 Energy Group II Borrower, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Navitas
 Midstream Midland Basin, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Prairie
 ECI Acquiror LP 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Energy: Oil Gas 

Forest
 Products Paper 

Schweitzer-Mauduit
 International, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Forest Products Paper 

F- 17 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Healthcare
 Pharmaceuticals 

Alvogen
 Pharma US, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

ANI
 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

ASP
 Navigate Acquisition Corp. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Aveanna
 Healthcare LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Aveanna
 Healthcare LLC (5) 
 First
 Lien Delayed Draw Loan 

L + 

- 
 - 

Bayou
 Intermediate II, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Carestream
 Dental Technology Parent Limited 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

CCRR
 Parent, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Confluent
 Health, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Confluent
 Health, LLC (5) 
 First
 Lien Delayed Draw Loan 

L + 

- 
 - 

FC
 Compassus, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Global
 Medical Response, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Golden
 State Buyer, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Help
 at Home, LLC 
 First
 Lien Delayed Draw Loan 

L + 

Help
 at Home, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Onex
 TSG Intermediate Corp. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

PDS
 Holdco Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

PDS
 Holdco Inc. (4) 
 First
 Lien Delayed Draw Loan 

L + 

Revspring,
 Inc. (fka Dantom Systems, Inc.) 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

SCP
 Eye Care Services LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

SCP
 Eye Care Services LLC (5) 
 First
 Lien Delayed Draw Loan 

L + 

- 
 - 

TTF
 Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

U.S.
 Anesthesia Partners, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

US
 Radiology Specialists, Inc. (US Outpatient Imaging Services, Inc.) 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Zotec
 Partners, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 

F- 18 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands, except
per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

High
 Tech Industries 

Casa
 Systems, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

CE
 Intermediate I, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

ConnectWise,
 LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Ingram
 Micro Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

LogMeIn,
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Monotype
 Imaging Holdings Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Quest
 Software US Holdings Inc. 
 Second
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Rocket
 Software, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Rocket
 Software, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Ultra
 Clean Holdings, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

VeriFone
 Systems, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Vision
 Solutions, Inc. (Precisely Software Incorporated) 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Watlow
 Electric Manufacturing Company 

L + 

Total
 High Tech Industries 

Hotel,
 Gaming Leisure 

Arcis
 Golf LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Herschend
 Entertainment Company, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Sabre
 GLBL Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Sabre
 GLBL Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

United
 AirLines, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 

Media:
 Advertising, Printing Publishing 

Oceankey
 (U.S.) II Corp. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Thryv,
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

Media:
 Broadcasting Subscription 

LCPR
 Loan Financing LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Media: Broadcasting Subscription 

F- 19 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Metals
 Mining 

U.S.
 Silica Company 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Metals Mining 

Retail 

Apro,
 LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

EG
 Group Limited 
 First Lien Delayed Draw Loan 

L + 

Great
 Outdoors Group, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Rent-A-Center,
 Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Retail 

Services:
 Business 

Access
 CIG, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Ahead
 DB Holdings, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Artera
 Services, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Energize
 Holdco LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Indy
 US Bidco, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Mermaid
 Bidco Inc. (Datasite) 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Phoenix
 Services International LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Pitney
 Bowes Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Presidio
 Holdings Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Sitel
 Group 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Skopima
 Consilio Parent LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Tempo
 Acquisition, LLC 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

UST
 Global Inc 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Services: Business 

Services:
 Consumer 

Cimpress
 plc 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

WW
 International, Inc. 
 First Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Services: Consumer 

F- 20 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 of Net Assets (3) 

Telecommunications 

Avaya
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

CCI
 Buyer, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

ConvergeOne
 Holdings, Corp. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Digi
 International Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Mavenir
 Systems, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Plantronics,
 Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Syniverse
 Holdings, Inc. 
 Second
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Syniverse
 Holdings, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Venga
 Finance S.a r.l. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Zayo
 Group Holdings, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Telecommunications 

Transportation:
 Cargo 

Carriage
 Purchaser, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Daseke
 Companies, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Echo
 Global Logistics, Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Kenan
 Advantage Group, Inc.,The 
 Second
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

WWEX
 UNI TopCo Holdings, LLC 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Transportation: Cargo 

Transportation:
 Consumer 

First
 Student Bidco Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

First
 Student Bidco Inc. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Transportation: Consumer 

F- 21 

STEELE CREEK CAPITAL CORPORATION 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Description
 (1) 
 Investment
 Type 
 Maturity 
 Interest
 Rate (2) 
 Basis
 Point Spread Above Index (2) 
 Interest
 Rate Floor / Base Rate (2) 
 Par
 Amount 
 Amortized
 Cost 
 Fair
 Value 
 
of Net Assets (3) 

Utilities:
 Electric 

PG E
 Corporation 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Utilities: Electric 

Total
 Investments made in United States Companies 

Investments
 made in Luxembourg Companies 

Containers,
 Packaging Glass 

Mar
 Bidco S.a r.l. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Containers, Packaging Glass 

Telecommunications 

Zacapa
 S.A R.L. 
 First
 Lien Term Loan 

L + 

Total
 Telecommunications 

Total
 Investments made in Luxembourg Companies 

Total
 Non-controlled/Non-Affiliate Investments 

(1) All investments are non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). The provisions of the 1940 Act classify investments based on the level of control that the Company maintains in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally presumed to be non-controlled when the Company owns 25 or less of the portfolio company s voting securities and controlled when the Company owns more than 25 of the portfolio company s voting securities. The provisions of the 1940 Act also classify investments further based on the level of ownership that the Company maintains in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally deemed as non-affiliated when the Company owns less than 5 of a portfolio company s voting securities and affiliated when the Company owns 5 or more of a portfolio company s voting securities. 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements 

F- 22 

Steele Creek Capital Corporation 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

F- 23 

of the voting securities of such company. We are deemed
to be an affiliate of a company if we own or more of the voting securities of such company. As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, all of our investments were Non-Control/Non-Affiliate investments. 

F- 24 

F- 25 

based on our net asset value per share. 

of the average of the weighted average (based on the number of shares outstanding each day in the quarter) of our
gross assets (including uninvested cash and cash equivalents) at the end of each of the two most recently completed calendar quarters.
The base management fee for any partial quarter is pro-rated based on the number of days actually elapsed in that quarter relative to
the total number of days in such quarter. 

thousand. Net management fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were thousand. The Investment Advisor
elected to waive a portion of the management fee and charged management fees on investments rather than gross assets. 

thousand. Net management fees for the year ended December 31, 2021 were thousand. The Investment Advisor elected
to waive a portion of the management fee and charged management fees on investments rather than gross assets. 

of cumulative realized capital gains from the date of the Company s
election to be regulated as a BDC to the end of each calendar year, less cumulative net realized capital losses and unrealized capital
depreciation. We will accrue, but will not pay, a capital gains incentive fee with respect to unrealized appreciation. 

F- 26 

thousand of accrued income incentive fees. This reversal was necessary due to the Company s
performance in the first quarter of 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021 capital incentive fees were thousand and the Company
did not earn an income incentive fee. 

. The Company s performance will
impact the amount and timing of the fee waivers. 

thousand and thousand of management fees, respectively. This fee
waiver will be re-evaluated annually. 

thousand of management fees for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Company s performance produced realized income sufficient to charge a full management fee and this fee waiver was not utilized. 

F- 27 

thousand of cash in exchange for equity in the Company. As of December
31, 2022, affiliates owned approximately of the Company representing approximately thousand of the Company s net assets.
As of December 31, 2021, affiliates owned approximately of the Company representing approximately thousand of the Company s
net assets. 

thousand to pay legal fees on behalf of the Company. For the year ended December
31, 2021, Moelis Asset contributed thousand to pay organizational and offering costs incurred by the Company related to the formation
of the entity. Moelis Asset will incur these expenses and they will not be charged back to the Company. 

thousand and thousand in directors fees expense, respectively. The directors fees
were paid as of December 31, 2022 and thousand were payable and included in Directors fees payable on the Consolidated Statement
of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2021. On August 13, 2021, the Board agreed to make fair value of investments rather than
gross assets the basis for their fee to be more in line with the waivers implemented for management fees. 

F- 28 

F- 29 

-

-

Total Investments 
 
 -

-

-

-

Total Investments 
 
 -

-

Denominator - weighted average shares 

Net (loss) earnings per share 

F- 30 

January 7, 2022 

January 21, 2022 

February 4, 2022 

February 18, 2022 

March 4, 2022 

March 18, 2022 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

April 1, 2022 

April 18, 2022 

May 6, 2022 

May 20, 2022 

June 3, 2022 

June 17, 2022 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

July 1, 2022 

July 15, 2022 

August 5, 2022 

August 19, 2022 

September 2, 2022 

September 16, 2022 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

October 7, 2022 

October 21, 2022 

November 4, 2022 

November 18, 2022 

December 2, 2022 

December 16, 2022 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

F- 31 

March 4, 2021 

March 19, 2021 

Balance at March 31, 2021 

April 5, 2021 

April 16, 2021 

June 4, 2021 

June 18, 2021 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

July 1, 2021 

July 16, 2021 

August 6, 2021 

August 19, 2021 

September 3, 2021 

September 17, 2021 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

October 1, 2021 

October 15, 2021 

November 5, 2021 

November 19, 2021 

December 3, 2021 

December 17, 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

shares, with an aggregate purchase price thousand. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued shares, with an aggregate purchase price of thousand. 

and shares of common stock, par value per share, outstanding, respectively. 

F- 32 

thousand Maximum Facility Amount to Steele
Creek Capital Funding I, LLC Funding I ). The Company created a wholly owned subsidiary, Funding I, which it will use to
hold the Company s investments, and a first priority continuing security interest in, to and under each investment, all underlying
investments and underlying assets has been granted to BNP to be used as collateral for the BNP Credit Facility. During the BNP Credit
Facility s revolving period (earlier of the termination by the borrower or twelve month anniversary of the closing date),
it bears interest at LIBOR plus 175 basis points. The Company began transferring investments into Steele Creek Funding I, LLC in October
2020. 

thousand per annum and a structuring fee equal to of the Maximum Facility Amount paid on the twelve month
anniversary of the closing date. Additionally, an unused fee is payable quarterly in arrears in an amount equal to on the
actual daily unused amount greater than of the Maximum Facility Amount under the BNP Credit Facility from April 13, 2021 to the end
of the revolving period. 

thousand
to thousand. 

thousand to thousand and the language and requirements related to the Agreed Upon Procedures provided by independent
accountants were amended to be more appropriate for the underlying collateral. 

thousand and thousand outstanding, respectively, and thousand and thousand available,
respectively, to be drawn under the BNP Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the BNP Credit Facility had a
fair value of thousand and thousand, respectively and a weighted average interest rate of and , respectively.
The fair value of the BNP Credit Facility is determined in accordance with ASC 820, which defines fair value in terms of the price that
would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market
conditions and is measured with Level 2 inputs. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Funding I was in compliance with
all covenants of the BNP Credit Facility. 

thousand and thousand, respectively,
on the BNP Credit Facility. The average debt outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was thousand
and thousand, respectively. 

F- 33 

thousand
and reduced capital gains by thousand. This reclassification had no effect on net assets. 

Section 67 expenses 

Total 

Undistributed long-term capital gains 

- 

Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

() 

Other temporary differences 

() 

() 
 
 Total distributable earnings (accumulated losses) 

() 

F- 34 

higher than book cost due to wash sales. As of December 31, 2021 the
estimated cost basis of investments for U.S. federal tax purposes was approximately equal to book cost. 

and , respectively, of dividends declared and paid from net investment income as interest
related dividends under IRC Section 871(k)(1)(c). 

and , respectively, of dividends declared and paid from ordinary income as short-term capital
gain dividends under IRC Section 871(k)(2)(c). 

thousand and thousand, respectively. 

F- 35 

- 
 
 Net investment income (1) 

Net realized gain (1) 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) (1) 

Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations (1) 

Stockholder distributions from income (2) 

Issuance of common shares 
 -
 
 -

Other (3) 
 -

Net asset value at end of period 

Net assets at end of period 

Shares outstanding at end of period 

Total return (2) 

Ratio/Supplemental data: 

Ratio of net expenses excluding waivers and reversals to average net assets (4) 

Ratio of net expenses including waivers and reversals to average net assets (4) 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (4) 

Portfolio turnover (5) 

(2) (3) (4) (5) 

F- 36 

shares of its common stock to certain investors for an aggregate offering price of thousand. The sale of its common stock
was made pursuant to subscription agreements between the Company and the investors, and the issuance of the common stock was exempt from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. 

shares of its common stock to certain investors for an aggregate offering price of thousand. The sale of its common stock was
made pursuant to subscription agreements between the Company and the investors, and the issuance of the common stock was exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. 

shares of its common stock to certain investors for an aggregate offering price of
 thousand. The sale of its common stock was made pursuant to subscription agreements between the Company and the investors, and the
issuance of the common stock was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section
4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. 

thousand shares of the Company. 

F- 37 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of December 31, 2022, we, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on
that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired
control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such
possible controls and procedures. 

Management Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated
under the Exchange Act. 

In connection with the preparation of this annual
report, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making that assessment, our management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based
on its assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a 15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period ended December
31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

83 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The information required by Item 10 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by Item 11 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by Item 12 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by Item 13 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by Item 14 is hereby
incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

84 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Consolidated Financial
Statement Schedules 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this
report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

3.1 
 
 Form of Articles
 of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form
 10 (File No. 000-56189) filed on November 9, 2020). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56189) filed on
 November 9, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Form of Investment Advisory
 Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File
 No. 000-56189) filed on November 9, 2020). 

10.2 
 
 Form of Waiver Letter Agreement
 to the Investment Advisory Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration
 Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56189) filed on November 9, 2020). 

10.3 
 
 Form of Administration
 Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File
 No. 000-56189) filed on November 9, 2020). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Custody Agreement
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56189)
 filed on November 9, 2020). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification
 Agreement for Directors and Officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration
 Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56189) filed on November 9, 2020). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Trademark Licensing
 Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File
 No. 000-56189) filed on November 9, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant s Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56189)
 filed on November 24, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Dealer Manager
 Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-56189) filed
 on December 23, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 Credit Agreement with BNP
 Paribas (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-56189) filed
 on December 23, 2020). 

10.10 
 
 Third Amendment To The Credit Agreement with BNP Paribas (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-56189) filed on March 23, 2022). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 000-56189) filed on August 15, 2022). 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

85 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Steele Creek Capital Corporation 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 /s/
 Glenn Duffy 

Name: 
 Glenn Duffy 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Officer,
 and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 29, 2023 
 /s/ Douglas
 Applegate Jr. 

Name: 
 Douglas Applegate Jr. 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

86 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_steelecreek.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S REGISTERED
SECURITIES 

The following description of our capital stock
is based on relevant portions of the Maryland General Corporation Law MGCL and on our charter and bylaws. 

General 

Under our Articles of Incorporation, our authorized
stock consists of 450,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
 0.001 per share. There is currently no market for our common stock, and we can offer no assurances that a market for our shares of common
stock will develop in the future. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. No stock has been authorized for
issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally will not be personally liable for our debts
or obligations. 

Under our Articles of Incorporation our Board
will be authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock without obtaining stockholder
approval. As permitted by the MGCL, our Articles of Incorporation also expected to provide that the Board, without any action by our stockholders,
may amend the Articles of Incorporation from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number
of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 

Common Stock 

All shares of our common stock have equal rights
as to earnings, assets, dividends and voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.
Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our Board and declared by us out of funds legally
available therefor. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, exchange, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable,
except when their transfer is restricted by the Articles of Incorporation, federal and state securities laws or by contract, including,
but not limited to, the Subscription Agreement. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock
would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities
and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share
of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except
as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There
is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock
can elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares will not be able to elect any directors. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize our Board
to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of capital stock into classes or series of preferred stock. Prior to issuance of shares
of each class or series, the Board is required by Maryland law and by our Articles of Incorporation, to set the preferences, conversion
and other rights, voting powers (including exclusive voting rights), restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions,
qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption thereof, for each class or series. Thus, the Board could authorize the issuance
of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or
a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. You should
note, however, that any issuance of preferred stock will be required to comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act requires
that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution is made with respect to our common stock and before
any purchase of common stock is made, such preferred stock together with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to
50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the
holders of shares of preferred stock, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class to elect two directors at all times and to elect
a majority of the directors if dividends on such preferred stock are in arrears by two years or more. Some matters under the 1940 Act
require the separate vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example, holders of preferred stock would
be entitled to vote separately from the holders of common stock on a proposal to cease operations as a BDC. We believe that the availability
for issuance of preferred stock will provide us with increased flexibility in structuring future financings and acquisitions. The Company
does not currently intend to issue preferred stock. 

Transferability of Common Stock 

We intend to sell shares of our common stock in
a private offering in the United States under the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated
thereunder. Investors who acquire shares of our common stock in such private offerings are required to complete, execute and deliver a
Subscription Agreement and related documentation, which includes customary representations and warranties, certain covenants and restrictions
and indemnification provisions. 

Prior to a Liquidity Event and except in connection
with the General Tender Program, investors may not sell, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of (in each case, a Transfer any common stock unless (i) the Company gives consent, (ii) the Transfer is made in accordance with applicable securities laws and (iii)
the Transfer is otherwise in compliance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the Subscription Agreement. No Transfer will be effectuated
except by registration of the Transfer on the Company s books. Each transferee must agree to be bound by these restrictions and
all other obligations as an investor in the Company. 

In addition, until such time as shares of common
stock of the Company are considered publicly-offered securities within the meaning of Department of Labor regulation Section
2510.3-101 (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, the Plan Assets Regulation ), the Company intends to operate so
that less than 25 of the value of each class of equity interests in the Company are held by Benefit Plan Investors (as
defined below), based upon assurances received from investors, with the intent that investment by Benefit Plan Investors should not be
 significant and the assets of the Company should not be considered plan assets under ERISA. In order to comply
with this 25 limitation, the Company may prohibit certain transfers of our common stock, restrict investment by Benefit Plan Investors
or take any other action deemed necessary or advisable so as to attempt to prevent the Company from holding plan assets 
within the meaning of ERISA. The Company may require certain representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA or Section
4975 of the Code to determine compliance with ERISA and the level of investment by Benefit Plan Investors. The term Benefit Plan
Investor means (i) any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Part 4 of Subtitle
B of Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity whose underlying
assets include plan assets by reason of an employee benefit plan s or plan s investment in the entity for purposes of ERISA
or Section 4975 of the Code. Any entity described in clause (iii) of the previous sentence will be considered, for various purposes, to
hold plan assets only to the extent of the percentage of its equity interests that are held by Benefit Plan Investors. 

Following a Liquidity Event, investors in this
Private Offering will be restricted from selling or disposing of their shares of common stock by applicable securities laws or contractually
by a lock-up agreement with the underwriters of an IPO or similar institutions in connection with a Liquidity Event. There can be no assurance
that shares of our common stock will be listed on a national securities exchange or offered in an initial public offering. 

Provisions of the MGCL and Our Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws 

Maryland Anti-takeover Law 

The MGCL and our Articles of Incorporation and
Bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest
or otherwise, the material ones of which are discussed below. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices
and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board. We expect the
benefits of these provisions to outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other
things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that we
have a classified board of directors consisting of three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, with the term of office
of only one of the three classes expiring each year. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent
management more difficult. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors will
help to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 

2 

Election of Directors 

Our Bylaws, as authorized by our Articles of Incorporation,
provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of all votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called, and at which
a quorum is present, will be required to elect a director. Under our Articles of Incorporation, our Board may amend the Bylaws to alter
the vote required to elect directors. 

Number of Directors; Vacancies; Removal 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that the
number of directors is set only by the Board in accordance with our Bylaws and our Articles of Incorporation. Our Bylaws provide that
a majority of our entire Board may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, unless our Bylaws are amended, the
number of directors may never be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL nor more than eight. Our Articles of Incorporation
provide that, at such time as we have at least three Independent Directors and our common stock is registered under the Exchange Act,
we elect to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL regarding the filling of vacancies on the Board. Accordingly,
at such time, except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies
on the Board may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors
do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship
in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, or their earlier death, resignation or removal, subject
to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that a director,
or the entire Board, may be removed only for cause, as defined in our Articles of Incorporation, and then only by the affirmative vote
of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. The limitations on the ability of our stockholders
to remove directors and fill vacancies could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discourage a third party from seeking
to acquire, control of us. 

Action by Stockholders 

Under the MGCL, stockholder action can be taken
only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or (unless the articles of incorporation provide for stockholder action by less than
unanimous written consent, which our Articles of Incorporation do not) by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting. These provisions,
combined with the requirements of our Bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders discussed
below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder
Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 

Our Bylaws provide that with respect to an annual
meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders
may be made only (1) by or at the direction of the Board, (2) pursuant to our notice of meeting or (3) by a stockholder of the Company
who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in our Bylaws and at the time of the annual meeting,
who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the Bylaws. With respect to special
meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons
for election to the Board at a special meeting may be made only (1) by or at the direction of the Board or (2) provided that the Board
has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder of the Company who is a stockholder of record both at the
time of giving of notice provided for in our Bylaws, at the record date set by our Board for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled
to vote at the annual meeting, and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with
the advance notice provisions of the Bylaws. 

The purpose of requiring stockholders to give
us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our Board a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of
the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board,
to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure
for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our Bylaws do not give our Board any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for
the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election
of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third
party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether
consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 

3 

Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 

Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders
may be called by our Board and certain of our officers. Additionally, our Bylaws provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain
procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of stockholders will be called
by the secretary of the corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes
entitled to be cast at such meeting. 

Approval of Extraordinary Corporate Action;
Amendment of Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally
cannot dissolve, amend its articles of incorporation, merge, consolidate, convert into another form of business entity, sell all or substantially
all of its assets or engage in a statutory share exchange unless declared advisable by the corporation s board of directors and
approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.
A Maryland corporation may provide in its Articles of Incorporation for approval of these matters by a lesser or greater percentage, but
not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Subject to certain exceptions discussed below, our Articles
of Incorporation provides for approval of these actions by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes
entitled to be cast on the matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast
thereon, with the holders of each class or series of our stock voting as a separate class, will be necessary to effect any of the following
actions: 

Any amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to make the shares of common stock redeemable securities and any other proposal to convert the Company from a closed-end company to an open-end company (as defined in the 1940 Act); 

The liquidation or dissolution of the Company and any amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to effect such liquidation or dissolution; 

Any merger, consolidation, conversion, share exchange or sale or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company that the MGCL requires be approved by the stockholders; 

Any transaction between (A) the Company and (B) a person, or group of persons acting together (including, without limitation, a group for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision), that is entitled to exercise or direct the exercise, or acquire the right to exercise or direct the exercise, directly or indirectly, other than solely by virtue of a revocable proxy, of one-tenth or more of the voting power in the election of directors generally, or any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with, or employed by or acting as an agent of, any such person or member of such group; and 

Any amendment to, or any amendment inconsistent with, the certain provisions of the Articles of Incorporation including, but not limited to, those provisions related to the composition and classification of the Board, the removal and replacement of directors, provisions relating to the amendment of the Bylaws and the requirements listed in this paragraph pertaining to certain extraordinary actions requiring the approval of at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast on certain matters. 

However, if such amendment or proposal is approved
by a majority of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our Board), such amendment or proposal may be approved by a majority
of the votes entitled to be cast on such a matter. The continuing directors are defined in our Articles of Incorporation
as (1) our current directors, (2) those directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors
to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of our current directors then on the Board or (3) any successor directors whose nomination
for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of continuing directors
or the successor continuing directors then in office. 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide
that the Board will have the exclusive power to make, alter, amend or repeal any provision of our Bylaws. 

No Appraisal Rights 

Except with respect to appraisal rights arising
in connection with the Control Share Act discussed below, as permitted by the MGCL, our Articles of Incorporation provide that stockholders
will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless a majority of the Board determines such rights apply. 

4 

Control Share Acquisitions 

The Control Share Act provides that, once a corporation
has at least 100 beneficial owners of its capital stock and subject to certain limited exceptions not applicable to the Company, control
shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote
of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquirer, by officers or by directors who are employees
of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated
with all other shares of stock owned by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of
voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors
within one of the following ranges of voting power: 

one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

The requisite stockholder approval must be obtained
each time an acquirer crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring
person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the
acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 

A person who has made or proposes to make a control
share acquisition may compel the Board of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 10 days of demand
to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain
conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. Such meeting must be held within 50 days after the day on which
the corporation has received the request and the undertaking. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present
the question at any stockholders meeting. 

If voting rights are not approved at the meeting
or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem
for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the
corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including, as provided in our Bylaws compliance
with the 1940 Act. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of
the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered
and not approved, and without regard to the absence of voting rights of the control shares. If voting rights for control shares are approved
at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders
may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest
price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 

The Control Share Act does not apply (a) to shares
acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved
or exempted by the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation. Our Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share
Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock. There can be no assurance that such provision will not be amended or
eliminated at any time in the future. However, we will amend our Bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Act only if the Board determines
that it would be in our best interests. 

5 

Business Combinations 

Under the Business Combination Act, once a corporation
has at least 100 beneficial owners of its capital stock and subject to certain limited exceptions not applicable to the Company, business
combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited
for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations
include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification
of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 

any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock; or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A person is not an interested stockholder under
this statute if the Board approved in advance the transaction by which the stockholder otherwise would have become an interested stockholder.
However, in approving a transaction, the Board may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval,
with any terms and conditions determined by the Board. 

After the five-year prohibition, any business
combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of
the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 

80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 

These super-majority vote requirements do not
apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form
of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 

The statute permits various exemptions from its
provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the Board before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an
interested stockholder. Our Board has adopted a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from
the provisions of the Business Combination Act, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board, including a majority
of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. This resolution may be altered or repealed in
whole or in part at any time; however, our Board will adopt resolutions so as to make us subject to the provisions of the Business Combination
Act only if the Board determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that
our being subject to the Business Combination Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. If this resolution is repealed, or the Board does
not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the
difficulty of consummating any offer. 

Conflicts with 1940 Act 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide
that any provision of the MGCL, including the Control Share Act (if we amend our Bylaws to be subject to such Act) and the Business Combination
Act, or any provision of our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws will be subject to the requirements and limitations of the 1940 Act. 

Exclusive Forum 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that, unless
we consent in writing to the selection of a different forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that court does not
have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, shall be the sole and exclusive
forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any
duty owed by a director or officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or to the stockholders of the Company or asserting
a claim of breach of any standard of conduct set forth in the MGCL, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director
or officer or other employee of the Company arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL, the Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws,
or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any director or officer or other employee of the Company that is governed by
the internal affairs doctrine. With respect to any proceeding described in the foregoing sentence that is in the Circuit Court for Baltimore
City, Maryland, the Company and its stockholders consent, pursuant to the terms of the Articles of Incorporation, to the assignment of
the proceeding to the Business and Technology Case Management Program pursuant to Maryland Rule 16-205 or any successor thereof. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company will be deemed, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, to have notice of and consented to these exclusive forum provisions and to have irrevocably submitted to, and waived
any objection to, the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in connection with any such action or proceeding and consented to process
being served in any such action or proceeding, without limitation, by United States mail addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder s
address as it appears on the records of the Company, with postage thereon prepaid. 

6 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex14-1_steelecreek.htm
 CODE OF ETHICS

Exhibit 14.1 

STRICTLY
CONFIDENTIAL 

Steele
Creek Investment Management LLLC 

 Steele
Creek Capital Corporation 

Joint
Code Of Ethics Policy 

 For 

 Employees 

Updated:
February, 2023 

Code
of Ethics for Employees (the Policy is the exclusive property of Steele Creek Investment Management LLC SCIM and Steele Creek Capital Corporation (the Steele Creek BDC ). This Policy and its contents are confidential and must
not be disclosed to any third-party without the express written consent of the SCIM and the Steele Creek BDC. 

FOR
INTERNAL USE ONLY 

2023
Steele Creek Investment Management LLC and Steele Creek Capital Corporation 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 i 

Policy overview 
 1 
 
 Scope 
 1 
 
 Overview of Your Responsibilities 
 1 
 
 Required Standard of conduct 
 2 
 
 Relationship between SCIM and Moelis Entities 
 3 

Insider Trading Policy 
 3 
 
 Non-public Information 
 4 
 
 Compliance Restricted List Policy 
 5 

Personal Trading Policy 
 6 
 
 Personal Securities Accounts 
 6 
 
 Personal Securities Transactions 
 6 
 
 Definition of Covered Securities Accounts 
 6 
 
 Discretionary Accounts 
 6 
 
 Opening Personal Securities Accounts 
 7 
 
 Covered Securities 
 7 
 
 Exceptions 
 7 
 
 Personal Trading Restrictions 
 9 
 
 Reporting Requirements for Personal Trading 
 9 
 
 Pre-clearance Requirements for Private Placements, Private Investment Companies, Private Equity, Hedge Funds 
 11 
 
 Managing Information Security 
 12 

Conflicts of Interest 
 13 
 
 Diversion of Firm Business or Investment Opportunity 
 13 
 
 Use of Expert Consultants 
 13 

Gifts and Entertainment Events 
 14 

Outside Business Activities of Employees 
 15 
 
 Loans and Employees 
 15 
 
 Improper Use of Property or Titles 
 15 
 
 Employee Involvement in Litigation or Proceedings 
 15 

Political Contributions and Public Office 
 16 
 
 Pay To Play 
 16 
 
 General Contribution Restrictions 
 17 
 
 Dealings with Government and Industry Regulators 
 18 

ADDENDUM 
 19 
 
 Responsible Persons and Compliance Contacts 
 19 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ i ] 

Policy
overview 

This
is the Joint Code of Ethics (the Code of SCIM and the Steele Creek BDC (collectively, Steele Creek , the
 Company , the Firm or we/us/our ). The Code is intended to satisfy the code of ethics requirements
of Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), and Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). This Code sets forth standards of business and employee conduct reflecting the
applicable fiduciary standards that mandates compliance with applicable federal securities laws and establishes monitoring and other
procedures. Steele Creek is committed to upholding the highest standards of integrity with its clients, counterparties and regulators. 

Scope 

Currently,
all of the policies included in the Code apply to all employees, officers, directors and other persons associated with Steele Creek as
determined by the applicable CCO, and to any Access Person as defined in Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act, which includes
any director or officer of the Steele Creek BDC (collectively referred to herein as Employees or you / your ).
Certain Code provisions also apply to an Employee s spouse, partner, parents, in-laws, siblings, children, or any other individual
to whom an Employee provides material support, as well as trusts of which an Employee is trustee or other account in which an Employee
has a beneficial ownership interest or legal title (collectively, Immediate Family Members ). 

The
board of directors (the Board of the Steele Creek BDC, including the independent directors, must approve any material
change to the Code within six months of its adoption. Steele Creek will annually provide a written report to the Board of the Steele
Creek BDC describing any material violations of the Code and other issues, as well as a certification that the Code is reasonably designed
to prevent violations from occurring. 

Overview
of Your Responsibilities 

Read,
 understand and comply with the Code, including the insider trading policy herein and the
 separate SCIM Compliance Policies and Procedures Manual and Steele Creek BDC Compliance Manual
 (each a Compliance Manual ). 

Complete
 required certifications as to your compliance with our policies, including the annual attestation
 certification as to your compliance with the Code of Ethics 

Report
 and / or confirm your securities holdings quarterly 

Obtain
 pre-approval from Compliance (as defined herein) for certain personal securities or investment
 transactions 

Arrange
 for or provide copies of certain personal holdings and transaction reports 

Protect
 confidential information obtained in the course of your employment 

Obtain
 pre-approval for certain outside business activities 

Obtain
 pre-approval for gifts received that are more than a nominal value 

Obtain
 pre-approval for all political contributions 

Promptly
 report any potential or actual conflicts of interest 

Adhere
 to fiduciary standards 

Promptly
 report any actual or potential compliance violations, or change in any required certification 

Obtain
Approval and Report Required Information 

Generally,
all of the reporting, approval and certification requirements of this Code will be made through the Firm s online compliance system
(the Compliance System ), currently ComplySci. Compliance will arrange for a system user-id and password for all
new Employees. If the Compliance System is not available for any functions, contact Compliance for the appropriate method to address
the specific issue at hand. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 1 ] 

Compliance
Policy Violations 

Employees
have a personal and contractual responsibility to comply with the Code. A breach of the Code may lead to sanctions, penalties and disciplinary
proceedings, including termination of employment. 

Any
breaches or possible breaches of the Code should be reported immediately to Compliance who will take any necessary follow up action.
The applicable CCO or designee will be responsible for reporting material breaches as necessary to the Management Committee. 

Required
Standard of conduct 

Fiduciary
Commitment 

Steele
Creek has a duty to act on a reasonable and adequate basis in the interests of its Clients with respect to the assets it manages. As
used herein, the term (i) Client or Client Fund means any investment vehicle organized or managed by Steele
Creek, any successor vehicles thereto and other clients of Steele Creek and (ii) Client Investor means each passive investor
in a Client or Client Fund. Except where noted, the clients of Steele Creek under the Advisers Act are the investment vehicles rather
than the passive investors therein. Currently we have three types of investments vehicles, our CLO vehicles, our business development
company BDC ), and our traditional loan fund. Our CLO investment vehicles exist in two successive stages: a warehouse 
stage during which portfolio assets for such vehicle are obtained, and during which investments by third-party Client Investors are generally
not broadly sought, and a CLO stage, where the warehoused assets are managed on behalf of Client Investors. The CLO stage herein may
be referred to as a CLO Fund to distinguish such vehicle from its existence in the warehouse stage. 

As
Employees, you are required to adhere to the following standard of conduct: 

Seek
 to identify conflicts of interest and observe established resolution procedures as contemplated herein; 

Avoid
 misleading or inaccurate statements; 

Conduct
 all personal securities transactions in a manner consistent with the Code (including certain
 pre-clearance and transaction reporting requirements); 

Be
 knowledgeable about and adhere to our compliance policies; 

Promptly
 report any actual and potential compliance violations to Compliance; 

Comply
 with applicable provisions of the federal securities laws; and 

Maintain
 and preserve accurate books and records as necessary. 

Prohibited
Conduct 

You
must avoid any circumstances that might adversely affect, or appear to affect, your fiduciary duty to Steele Creek Clients. Additionally,
neither the Firm nor any of its Employees shall: 

Employ
 any device, scheme or artifice to defraud, or engage in any act, practice, or course of conduct
 that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon any Client or any party to any securities
 transaction in which Steele Creek or any of its Clients is a participant; 

Make
 any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state to any person a material fact necessary
 in order to make a statement of Steele Creek, in light of the circumstances under which it
 is made, materially complete and not misleading; 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 2 ] 

Engage
 in any act, practice or course of business that is fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative
 particularly with respect to any Client; 

Unlawfully
 or in violation of obligations of confidentiality discuss trading practices, pricing, Clients,
 research, strategies, processes or markets; 

Make
 any unlawful agreement with vendors, existing or potential investment targets, or other organizations;
 and 

Compete
 directly or indirectly with the Firm or its affiliates or using corporate property, information
 or position for personal gain. 

Relationship
between SCIM and Moelis Entities 

SCIM
operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of Moelis Asset Management LP Moelis Asset Management ). Moelis Asset Management
(formerly known as Moelis Company Holdings LP) was the parent of Moelis Company LLC, a registered broker dealer Moelis
BD ). In connection with the initial public offering of the investment banking advisory business of the Moelis group, SCIM remained
a subsidiary of Moelis Asset Management. Moelis BD became an indirect subsidiary of Moelis Company, a public company. Moelis Asset
Management and Moelis BD are separate legal entities. Kenneth Moelis remains the ultimate controlling shareholder of both Moelis Asset
Management and Moelis Company; however he does not exercise governance or investment control over the individual investment advisers
of Moelis Asset Management. 

The
businesses of Moelis BD and of Moelis Asset Management are each operated on a separate and independent basis. However, SCIM and Moelis
BD may use their relationships to help source deals for Client Funds, and Moelis BD may participate in the marketing of a Client Fund.
The Moelis BD does provide some services to SCIM pursuant to a Shared Services Agreement which is annually reviewed for renewal. SCIM
and Moelis BD have separate and independent information technology systems. SCIM and Moelis BD workspaces are segregated. Employees of
SCIM will be subject to the provisions of the Code, while employees and other persons associated with Moelis BD will be subject to its
compliance procedures. To the extent a person is subject to both such compliance procedures, the SCIM CCO may determine to adapt either
such compliance procedures in view of the business activities of such person, or may rely on Moelis BD compliance procedures. 

SCIM
is also under common control with other registered and unregistered investment advisors which are wholly owned subsidiaries of Moelis
Asset Management. These entities include: Moelis Capital Partners LLC MCP ), Freeport Financial Partners LLC Freeport ),
P S Credit Management, L.P. P S and Third Crest Capital LLC Third Crest ). MAM also has
joint ventures with CoVenture Holding Company LLC and Fenway Capital LLC (Crossbeam Capital Partners LLC), Veritable LP (Archean Capital
Partners LLC), David Capital Partners (DCP MAM LLC), and Voyager Capital Management (Collegium Global Partners LLC). MAM s joint
venture partners may be responsible for those entities regulatory compliance. The investment advisory businesses of each of Archean,
Crossbeam, Collegium, SCIM, MCP, Freeport, P S, and Third Crest are operated on an independent basis. SCIM maintains separate physical
locations and workspaces and information technology systems, including email address domains and distribution lists from each of these
entities. 

Insider
Trading Policy 

You
are prohibited from buying or selling any security if you are in possession of material non-public information MNPI relating to that security, and/or the issuer or the transaction, whether on behalf of yourself or others. You are also prohibited from
disclosing such information to a third party. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 3 ] 

Material
Information 

Generally,
information is material if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making
an investment decision. The United States federal courts also describe information as material if it affects the total
mix of publicly available information. Material information does not have to relate to an issuer s business or come from
a source inside the issuer. 

The
following are some examples of information that may be deemed material: 

A
 change in a company s previously released earnings or earnings estimates, financial
 forecasts or projections, accounting policy, dividend policy or dividend to be paid 

Significant
 change in operations 

Purchase
 or sale of assets outside the ordinary course of business 

Change
 in board, management or key personnel 

An
 impending takeover, merger, acquisition, restructuring proxy contest or change in control 

Financial
 liquidity problems 

Proposed
 public or private securities issue 

Extraordinary
 borrowing 

Major
 litigation or regulatory action 

Proposed
 legislation significantly affecting the issuer 

A
 pending research report that changes rating, price target or projected financial results 

Knowledge
 of client dealing intentions which are likely to impact the market price for those securities 

Information
concerning an impending securities transaction (e.g., private transactions in public entities (PIPEs), tender offers, exchange offers,
corporate reorganizations, merger and acquisition activities, etc.) may also be material. In addition, pre-publication
information regarding reports in the financial press may be material. 

There
is no simple test that exists to determine when information is material. Such assessments of materiality involve highly fact-specific
inquiries and are often challenged with the benefit of hindsight. 

Non-public
Information 

Information
is non-public until such time as it has been effectively communicated to investors in the marketplace. One must be able
to point to some fact to show that the information is generally public. For example, information found in a report filed with the SEC
or other government agency, or appearing in The Wall Street Journal , or other publication of general circulation (i.e., information
included in press releases issued by the issuer of the securities) would be considered public. Information relating to our business
should generally be considered nonpublic, unless the information is generally known in the marketplace. In general, as part of its
ordinary business activities, Steele Creek will receive nonpublic information regarding issuers under consideration for investment by
a Client and will presume that any projections or other information regarding such issuers received during the course of the investment
consideration process is confidential. 

You
are prohibited from using MNPI (or any confidential information about Clients) for manipulative, deceptive or fraudulent purposes. You
are prohibited from disclosing material non-public or other confidential information to any person outside of Steele Creek, except to
the extent that the person has a bona fide need to know in order to carry out the business of Steele Creek or its affiliates, including
management and supervisory functions and the administration of compliance policies and procedures. Even after trading in a security has
been restricted, the dissemination of material non-public or other confidential information concerning or relating to the security should
continue to be on a need-to-know basis only. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 4 ] 

It
is important that you avoid any appearance of impropriety and remain in full compliance with the law and the highest standards of ethics.
 Accordingly, you must exercise good judgment and comply with applicable laws and Steele Creek s policies when engaging in securities
transactions and when relating to others information obtained as a result of employment with Steele Creek. If there is any doubt as to
whether a particular situation requires refraining from making an investment or sharing information with others, this doubt should be
resolved in favor of not taking the contemplated action. 

The
execution of non-disclosure agreements with public companies or the receipt of MNPI from a public company must be reported to Compliance.
Consult with Compliance if you have any questions about whether other information should be treated as MNPI. 

If
you possess MNPI and purchase or sell a security to which the MNPI relates or disclose MNPI to others who purchase or sell such securities,
you may be subject to Steele Creek disciplinary action, fines, sanctions, litigation and prosecution from Steele Creek as well as the
SEC or other government agency and/or criminal prosecution. You may be liable for Steele Creek s investigation, administrative
and litigation expenses. You may also be subject to suspension and termination of employment, administrative, regulatory and civil actions,
bar or suspension from the industry or from serving as an officer or director of a public company, money penalties of up to three times
the profits made or losses avoided and criminal prosecution. Government regulators may also seek remedies against Steele Creek and management
and Employees who participated in the act or supervised the employee(s) responsible for wrongful conduct. Steele Creek s policy
is to cooperate with government and regulatory investigations into the misuse of MNPI. Steele Creek reserves the right to waive attorney
client privilege and to identify employees to investigators and their counsel. 

Compliance
Restricted List Policy 

Steele
Creek emphasizes the importance of compliance with the federal securities law prohibitions on insider trading. Steele Creek observes
the following Compliance Restricted List policy: 

If
 you receive MNPI, you are required to report the information to Compliance. If Steele Creek
 enters into a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement with an issuer, Steele Creek will
 presume that it has received MNPI in respect of such issuer. Steele Creek generally will
 receive confidential information in respect of portfolio investments made in the debt of
 private issuers and a list of such issuers will be maintained internally at Steele Creek
 to track obligations with respect to such disclosure. 

Such
 issuers do not issue publicly traded securities, but Compliance may determine to include
 such issuers on a Compliance Restricted List or other prohibited trading lists as may be
 established from time to time in its discretion. Whether or not a formal Compliance Restricted
 List is established, Employees will generally not be permitted to engage in personal securities
 transactions in such issuers where Steele Creek has MNPI. 

You
 are strictly prohibited from misusing MNPI as set forth herein. 

You
 may not communicate to anyone (other than an Immediate Family member with whom you share
 a brokerage account) that an issuer is on a Restricted List or that a trade request has been
 denied. 

In
connection with your quarterly transaction report, you will submit a certification through the Compliance System that any personal trading
was conducted in compliance with these procedures. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 5 ] 

Personal
Trading Policy 

Personal
Securities Accounts 

As
a matter of policy, Steele Creek permits you to have an interest in a fully-disclosed securities account (domestic or foreign), subject
to the definitions and requirements set forth herein. This Personal Trading Policy applies to you and to any holdings or accounts with
which you have a beneficial interest. Beneficial interest includes not only securities owned by others specifically for
your benefit, but also (i) securities held by your spouse, minor children and relatives who live full time in your home; and (ii) securities
held by another person if by reason of any contract, understanding, relationship, agreement or other arrangement you obtain substantially
the equivalent to ownership. 

Personal
Securities Transactions 

Steele
Creek reserves the right to require an Employee to cancel any trade that may be construed to be in conflict with the best interests of
its Clients, or is in violation of the Steele Creek s general standards of conduct, including applicable fiduciary responsibilities.
If Steele Creek receives MNPI about a security subsequent to the execution of a trade, Steele Creek may prohibit trading in that security
going forward. This would prevent unwinding a particular trade and result in you being frozen in a position unexpectedly.
Steele Creek will not be responsible for any losses in personal accounts arising from the implementation of the Code. Repeated failures
to follow the requirements of Steele Creek s Personal Trading Policy will result in the revocation of your personal trading privileges. 

Definition
of Covered Securities Accounts 

Accounts
in which you or your Immediate Family Members have positions or could obtain positions in Covered Securities are deemed Covered Securities
Accounts. This Policy broadly construes Covered Securities Accounts to include accounts over which you or an Immediate Family Member: 

has
 a direct or indirect financial interest, including discretionary accounts in which a third
 party makes all investment decisions; 

has
 the power, directly or indirectly, to make investment decisions, regardless of beneficial
 ownership; or 

provides
 investment advice. 

401(k)
accounts with Steele Creek or Moelis Asset Management and with former employers, 529 Educational Savings Accounts, cryptocurrency accounts
and other accounts in which you can only hold mutual funds or other exempt securities are excluded from the definition of Covered Securities
Accounts. Also excluded are bank accounts in which you can only hold cash or certificates of deposit. 

Discretionary
Accounts 

If
you maintain a Discretionary Account, as defined below, you must provide Compliance with disclosure about such account through the Compliance
System or other approved method. 

With
a Discretionary Account, the funds are placed directly with an independent advisory firm under an arrangement where the account holder
is completely removed from the investment decision-making process. Although Discretionary Accounts are exempt from the requirement for
pre-clearance, you still must comply with other provisions of the Personal Trading Policy such as the reporting and certification requirements
discussed herein. Discretionary Accounts may, in the discretion of the applicable CCO, have additional review to confirm their discretionary
status, including additional certifications. 

If
the accountholder discusses any specific strategies, industries or securities with the discretionary account s independent fiduciary
then the accountholder /Employee must pre-clear any related trades that result from the discussion. 

Transactions
in Discretionary Accounts governed by an agreement, blind trusts and involuntary transactions such as stock splits and dividends, and
automatic investment plans, are not Covered Securities Transactions. 

Any
account or holding in which you are unsure is subject to the Code must be disclosed and will be reviewed by Compliance to determine if
subsequent reporting will be necessary. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 6 ] 

Opening
Personal Securities Accounts 

Your
personal securities account may be maintained with any financial institution as long as an arrangement has been made for the financial
institution to provide Compliance with confirmations and monthly statements for the account in a manner that allows for effective Compliance
monitoring. Compliance may be able to electronically obtain your confirms and statements directly from your broker with your assistance;
please note that we are only able to get electronic information from certain brokerages. The provision of paper statements is the responsibility
of the Employee. Please contact Compliance for a listing of electronic feeds. Compliance may restrict accounts where monitoring would
be unduly burdensome. 

When
opening a securities account, you must promptly submit a disclosure to Compliance through the Compliance System or other approved method.
Your personal transactions may only be executed through accounts disclosed to Compliance. 

If
you do not have any securities accounts or do not hold securities of any kind, you can certify as such during the disclosure process
and in the applicable quarterly certifications. 

Changes
to Your Personal Securities Accounts 

You
must promptly report all personal account changes to Compliance (e.g. account closure, name changes) through the Compliance System if
possible; otherwise contact Compliance to report changes. 

Covered
Securities 

You
are required to request pre-approval to personally trade in a Covered Security, and to submit Holdings Reports and Transaction
Reports (each as described below), which are required to include all Covered Securities. Trades will then be approved by a designee of
the applicable CCO. Currently Glenn Duffy will approve trades for both SCIM and the Steele Creek BDC. Trades requested by Marie Bober
will be cleared by Laura Capicotto. 

For
purposes of this Policy, the Firm adopts a broad meaning of security, as set forth in Section 202(a)(18) of the Advisers
Act. It includes investments in public and private companies, sovereign debt (debt securities issued or guaranteed by a foreign government
or a political subdivision of a foreign government), and municipal bonds and other taxable or tax exempt obligations of U.S., state and
local governments. 

Covered
Security means any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest
or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, pre-organization certificate or subscription, transferable
share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas,
or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security or on any group or index of securities (including
any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities
exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security , or any
certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guaranty of, or warrant or right to subscribe
to or purchase any of the foregoing except as may be listed as an exception. 

Exceptions 

Transactions
in the following securities (or instruments, as they may be classified) do not require pre-clearance and are not subject to holding period
restrictions, other than a prohibition against day or excessive trading. However, some reporting requirements may still apply as noted. 

U.S.
 Treasury Securities 1 or other direct obligations of the U.S. government 

Sovereign
 Debt (debt securities issued or guaranteed by a foreign government or a political subdivision
 of a foreign government) (however, they are subject to the reporting requirements noted herein) 

1 U.S. Treasury Securities include Treasury Bills, Treasury
Notes, Treasury Bonds, and Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 7 ] 

U.S.
 government agency securities issued by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or the Federal
 Home Loan Banks 

Municipal
 bonds and other taxable or tax exempt obligations of U.S., state and local governments 

Money
 market instruments including bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit and time
 deposits, commercial paper, high-quality short-term debt instruments (including repurchase
 agreements), shares issued by money market funds 

Shares
 issued by registered open-end investment companies including money market funds and mutual
 funds (however, if these investment companies are affiliated with Moelis Asset Management
 or its subsidiaries in any way, they are subject to the reporting requirements herein) 

Fixed
 annuities 

Shares
 issued by unit investment trusts that are invested exclusively in one or more open-end funds 

Commodity
 futures (including agricultural futures, metals, oils, gas, etc.), currency futures, and
 their related options 

All
 indicies (such as DOW, Wilshire, FTSE, etc.), index securities (Exchange Traded Funds 
 Exchange Traded Notes) and their related options (however they are subject to the reporting
 requirements noted herein). 

Cryptocurrencies,
 such as bitcoin and its derivatives. 

Involuntary
transactions in securities you own such as stock splits and dividends, reclassification through merger, spin-off or reorganization, the
vesting of awards or conversion of restricted stock units or phantom equity into the grantor s actual equity securities, automatic
investment plans or the exercise of a covered call you sold, do not require preclearance. Preclearance is not required for securities
you receive as a gift or inheritance. You must pre-clear the subsequent sale of any securities you acquire through involuntary transactions. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 8 ] 

Personal
Trading Restrictions 

Restricted
Securities 

For
the avoidance of doubt, Employees are strictly prohibited from personally trading any security on the Compliance Restricted List. Preclearance
of Covered Securities in accordance with this policy is therefore required. 

Given
that certain associated persons of the Firm may also be deemed to have access to non-public information regarding the Moelis BD whose
parent Moelis Company is publicly listed on the New York Stock Exchange, such persons may from time to time be prohibited from
engaging in any personal securities transactions in the securities of Moelis Company. Additionally, the General Counsel of Moelis
 Company has requested that no Employees of any affiliate of Moelis Company may engage in short selling of the securities
of Moelis Company and Steele Creek has adopted this restriction. 

Holding
Period Requirements 

The
purchase or sale of securities of all equities or fixed income securities of individual companies and related derivatives and any other
security linked to the performance of an underlying issue is subject to the following additional restrictions: 

All
 positions must be held for at least 30 days from the date of first purchase. 

Derivative
 trades must have an expiration date in excess of 30 days. You may exercise a derivative security
 after satisfying the 30 day holding period and pre-clearing the exercise 

If
 you write a call, the buyer may exercise it earlier than 30 days after trade date 

Excessive
 and day trading are both prohibited; Compliance will determine what may constitute excessive 
 on a case by case basis 

Reporting
Requirements for Personal Trading 

In
addition to the pre-approval requirement for certain personal transactions, you are required to provide periodic reports and information
with respect to your personal accounts and holdings in Covered Securities. 

 Each
financial institution at which you maintain a Covered Securities Account must provide Compliance with duplicate trade confirmations and
statements for the Account. Confirmations and statements may be delivered electronically through the Compliance System. If your financial
institution is unable to send confirmations and statements through the Compliance System, you must arrange for duplicate hard copies
to be sent to Compliance. 

Personal
Holdings Report 

You
are required to submit to Compliance a report of your current holdings of Covered Securities (the Holdings Report with
respect to all holdings of Covered Securities not reported in confirmations and account statements from your broker-dealer. Each
Employee s Holdings Report is required to include securities holdings of any account which you manage or exercise (or share) investment
discretion, as well as holdings of your Immediate Family Members. The Holdings Report will contain the: 

title
 and type of security, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, number
 of shares, and principal amount of each reportable security in which you have any direct
 or indirect beneficial ownership; 

name
 of any broker, dealer or bank with which you maintain an account in which any securities
 are held for your direct or indirect benefit; and 

date
 of the report. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 9 ] 

The
Holdings Report must be submitted no later than 10 days after commencement of employment and no later than 45 days after the beginning
of each year thereafter. The Holdings Reports must provide information that is current as of a date no more than 45 days before you
are first required to submit a Holdings Report or the date the report is submitted, as appropriate. The Holdings report certification
will generally be available through the Compliance System. 

You
are also required to disclose any Immediate Family Members who have an employment or other relationship with a financial institution
including a securities exchange, broker dealer, or investment adviser (whether registered or unregistered). This information should
be included in your account certification in the Compliance System, or disclosed separately to Compliance. 

Personal
Transaction Reports 

You
must submit a quarterly securities transactions report (a Transaction Report to Compliance with respect to all holdings
of Covered Securities not reported in confirmations and account statements from your broker-dealer. Each Transaction Report must include
securities transactions by you, as well as your Immediate Family Members. Each Transaction Report must contain the following information
about each transaction in Covered Securities in which you had, or as a result of the transaction acquired, any direct or indirect beneficial
ownership (as well as any other securities in accounts which you manage or exercise (or share) investment discretion): 

The
 date of the transaction, the title, and as applicable the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP
 number, interest rate and maturity date, number of shares, and principal amount of each reportable
 security involved; 

The
 nature of the transaction (i.e., purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition); 

The
 price of the security at which the transaction was effected; 

The
 name of the broker, dealer or bank, if any, with or through which the transaction was effected;
 and 

The
 date the report is submitted. 

You
must submit the Transaction Report (or otherwise certify that you did not engage in any transactions over the past quarter) no later
than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter. A transactions report certification will be generally available through
the Compliance System. 

Under
certain circumstances, Compliance may allow you to confirm via electronic mail or other electronic solution that all holdings of Covered
Securities required to be disclosed by you as of the applicable date have been disclosed in confirmations and account statements received
by Steele Creek from applicable broker-dealers. Any such electronic confirmations will be retained in accordance with Steele Creek s
books and records policy. 

Compliance
will assist employees in arranging for copies of duplicate statements and setting up electronic mechanisms to obtain information from
financial institutions when possible. 

Exception
for the Steele Creek BDC Independent Directors 

Notwithstanding
the reporting requirements set forth above, a director of the Steele Creek BDC who is not an interested person of the company
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (an Independent Director ), who would be required to make a report
under this solely by reason of being a director of the Steele Creek BDC is not required to make an initial Holdings Report upon becoming
a director of the Steele Creek BDC or an annual Holdings Report. Such an Independent Director also need not make a quarterly Transaction
Report unless such director knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a director of the Steele Creek
BDC, should have known that during the 15-day period immediately preceding or after the date of the transaction in a Covered Security
by the director such Covered Security is or was purchased or sold by the Steele Creek BDC, or Steele Creek considered purchasing or selling
such Covered Security. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 10 ] 

Pre-clearance
Requirements for Private Placements, Private Investment Companies, Private Equity, Hedge Funds 

You
must receive pre-clearance prior to investing in a private placement (i.e., any security not traded publicly). This requirement includes
commitments to, and investments in, private investment companies such as private equity funds and hedge funds. You must pre-clear an
investment in a fund that the Company or one of its affiliates manages, such as any Client Fund, or an investment opportunity that the
Firm s affiliates syndicates for Employees. Requests for pre-clearance should generally be made through the Compliance System or,
with Compliance approval, by submitting a written request to Compliance. You may not make the investment until you have received written
approval from Compliance or received an approval notification through the Compliance System. 

You
do not have to pre-clear the funding of draw downs if you previously pre-cleared the commitment, or withdrawal or liquidation elections. 

IPO s
and private transactions require pre-approval before participation in such transactions, and you may not effect such an investment without
the prior written consent from Compliance. This includes private transactions managed by MAM, the Moelis BD or the MAM Subsidiaries. 

ANY
EMPLOYEE SEEKING TO TRADE IN A COVERED SECURITY, PARTICIPATE IN AN INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING (IPO) OR A PRIVATE PLACEMENT MUST SUBMIT A
PRE-CLEARANCE FORM THROUGH THE COMPLIANCE SYSTEM. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, investments in private placements which are made in response to a solicitation by Moelis Asset Management, its
affiliates, the Moelis BD or any affiliated entity are considered to be precleared but must be entered into the Compliance System. Subsequent
transactions in these investments must be precleared in the same manner as other personal private investments. 

Preclearance
Window 

If
your trade request is approved by Compliance, you must: 

effect
 execution for approved personal securities transactions on the day you received approval
 or by the end of the next business day; 

not
 buy or sell more than the number of shares approved, but you may choose to purchase less
 or none at all; and 

pre-clear
 and cause to be executed standard orders to trade within prescribed parameters, such as limit, 
 stop-loss, good-till-cancel, or standing buy-sell 
 orders on the day you received approval or the next trade day after approval. 

If
you fail to execute your trade within the time parameters, you must obtain permission for any subsequent trade (including standard orders)
not executed within these time parameters. Subsequent trade requests should also be submitted through the Compliance System. 

Compliance
Review and Recordkeeping 

Compliance
will be responsible for periodically reviewing records obtained in connection with these policies and for reporting material issues,
as needed, to management. Completed compliance reviews will be memorialized in the Compliance System on at least a quarterly basis. Compliance
will, on a periodic basic, confirm that the Compliance System contains accurate account and trading information. 

Compliance
will keep a record of any additional restrictions upon personal account dealing. This record should be made at the time the restrictions
are placed, if practicable. Copies of the Restricted List, Holding Reports, quarterly Transaction Reports and a record of each Transaction
Preclearance will be maintained in accordance with Steele Creek s books and records policy. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 11 ] 

Managing
Information Security 

You
will maintain the security of information that has been identified by Steele Creek as material non-public or otherwise confidential. 

General
Precautions 

You
should avoid discussions of confidential information relating to Steele Creek, its Clients, or its Client Investors with, or in the presence
of, persons who have no need to know the information. You should use extreme caution when discussions take place in hallways, elevators,
taxicabs, trains, subways, airplanes, airports, restaurants, social gatherings, and other public places. You should avoid using speakerphones
in circumstances in which confidential information may be overheard. Mobile phones should be used with great care and circumspection,
as they are not secure. 

Access
protections 

IT
has set password protections and automatic locking features on all Firm issued equipment. If you are working offsite, you must use the
Firm s approved remote access applications to maintain the confidentiality of materials. 

Code
names 

Code
names should be used for sensitive projects and deals, and the parties thereto. Code names should be sufficiently different from the
actual names of the relevant parties so their real identities are disguised. 

Conference
Facilities 

You
must take care to protect confidential information and conversations in the conference areas. Do not conduct conversations in hallways
or when doors are open and remove all confidential materials when your use of the conference room ends. 

Document
destruction 

You
must dispose of hard copy materials containing confidential information that Firm policy and applicable law and regulation permit you
to destroy using secure shred bins. In no event should you destroy documents subject to legal record retention requirements. 

Email
Distribution Lists 

Distribution
Lists are a valuable tool to communicate with groups of people quickly and efficiently. When sending external email, you must confirm
the email is properly addressed and report to Compliance any email containing confidential information that you discover was mistakenly
sent to an unintended recipient. 

Bring
Your Own Device 

The
Firm allows Employees to use their own mobile devices to access their email and files remotely. The Firm has implemented security policies
that require a form of password protection on mobile devices in order to use Firm applications. The Firm also disables access after a
certain number of incorrect access attempts. 

To
assist the MAM Subsidiaries with compliance with recordkeeping provisions of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 MAM will be maintaining
and preserving electronic communications, including email and text messaging. 

Employees
of MAM and MAM Subsidiaries are required to communicate any and all business activities through official channels. For email, the current
approved channel is the email address specific to your employer, e.g.johnsmith@steelecreek.com. For text messaging, the current approved
channel is Movius. MAM reserves the right to access and monitor all messages sent and received through email and Movius, as deemed necessary
and appropriate. If an Employee fails to conduct business activities through the official channel they may be subject to sanctions, penalties
and disciplinary proceedings, including termination of employment. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 12 ] 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Steele
Creek s policy is to identify and manage conflicts appropriately, to comply with regulations and to meet Steele Creek s fiduciary
duties to its Clients. Conflicts and their procedures specific to Steele Creek will be discussed generally below, however, Steele Creek
Employees are also subject to the Moelis Asset Management Conflicts of Interest policy which includes an additional discussion of conflicts. 

Conflicts
of interest may arise between a Client and Steele Creek, between two of Steele Creek s Clients, between Steele Creek and Moelis
Asset Management, between Steele Creek and other Moelis Asset Management Affiliates or between Steele Creek and Moelis BD. You may have
personal conflicts, such as (i) a material interest in a transaction to be entered into with or for a Client; (ii) a relationship that
gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest in relation to a transaction or (iii) another interest in a transaction that is, or
may be, in conflict with the interest of any of Steele Creek s Clients. You are responsible for alerting Compliance to any actual
and potential conflicts you may identify. 

Affiliated
Transactions 

Steele
Creek must adequately disclose, avoid, obtain informed consent for, or otherwise resolve conflicts of interest that may arise in connection
with the investments of a Client Fund. You will comply with the restrictions provided in the applicable Client Fund agreements relating
to principal transactions, cross trades or other affiliated transactions, in which Steele Creek, its Employees or other related persons
may have interests that are adverse to, or in any event not aligned with, the interests of one or more Client Funds. 

The
Investment Committee is responsible for confirming whether a proposed transaction for a Client Fund would present any conflicts of interest,
and that any such conflict of interest issues have been resolved. See Portfolio Management Affiliated Transactions 
in SCIM s separate Compliance Manual and Investment Policies and Procedures - Transactions with Affiliates 
in the Steele Creek BDC s separate Compliance Manual, as applicable. 

If
you are aware of any circumstances which may give rise to a conflict of this kind, you must refer such matter immediately to Compliance.
 In particular, if you become aware of information that makes carrying out your functions difficult for example, you obtain
inside information about a company you must inform the applicable CCO. 

Diversion
of Firm Business or Investment Opportunity 

You
may not acquire, or receive personal gain or profit from, any business opportunity that comes to your attention and in which you know
Steele Creek might be expected to participate or have an interest. You must disclose all necessary facts in writing of such business
opportunity to the Investment Committee, offering the particular opportunity to Steele Creek, and thereafter obtaining written authorization
to participate from the Investment Committee. You must immediately disclose to the Management Committee any personal or family interest
in any Steele Creek business activity or transaction. In addition, such interests are to be assessed in the portfolio management process. 

Refer
to Portfolio Management in SCIM s separate Compliance Manual and Fiduciary Duties of Directors in the
Steele Creek BDC s separate Compliance Manual, as applicable. 

Use
of Expert Consultants 

Steele
Creek may from time to time contract with an expert, either through an expert network or independently, to provide non-confidential information
and analysis on their employer or field of expertise. Consultations with experts must be precleared prior to usage. Additionally, in
the event an expert consultant is part of any network or other third-party arrangement, the applicable CCO will review the compliance
procedures, including the terms and conditions of the expert network or third party arrangement, and make a determination as to whether
these procedures are satisfactory. Currently, Steele Creek uses Third Bridge for sponsored calls and presentations as well as access
to their write ups. If the usage expands, additional procedures will be put in place. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 13 ] 

Gifts
and Entertainment Events 

You
must not give or accept gifts or other benefits where a gift may be regarded as an inducement to the recipient or to you to act contrary
to your duties to Steele Creek or any of its Clients or otherwise improperly. 

You
may not, directly, or indirectly through an intermediary or agent, authorize, pay, or receive any rebate, bonus, fee or other consideration,
to or from any person for business sought or procured or to any official or candidate for office of any governmental or regulatory body,
except as expressly authorized by Compliance. 

When
participating in or sponsoring business meals or entertainment, you should not engage in any activities or conduct that could subject
Steele Creek to disrepute or to legal or regulatory risk. 

Limitations 

You
are limited to giving and receiving reasonable and customary gifts or anything of value to or from any person who could be viewed as
a business contact including if such gift could be reasonably construed as an attempt to garner influence. Steele Creek policy considers
meals or entertainment for which you are not present or which is non-customary in nature as a gift. The reasonable and customary standard
is applied in relation to the event itself. 

Pre-approval
and Records 

Pre-approval
is required of all gifts given to Steele Creek Clients, including any non-customary gifts, meals or entertainment. You must send a pre-approval
request to Compliance through via email or as otherwise directed. 

Government
Staff 

Providing
of meals, gifts or entertainment to a government employee is generally prohibited by applicable laws. See also Pay-to-Play and Dealings
with Government and Industry Regulators below.) 

Exceptions 

Pre-approval
and record requirements set forth above do not apply in the following circumstances: 

Personal
relationships 

Gifts and entertainment to or from individuals with which you have a familial or pre-existing personal relationship apart from your association
with Steele Creek are not subject to these limitations or to pre-approval requirements. It should be clear that it is the personal relationship
and not Steele Creek s business that is a prerequisite for the giving or receiving the gift. 

Life events 

Gifts and entertainment to or from individuals in connection with certain life events, such as a wedding or the birth or adoption of
a child, are not subject to limitations or to pre-approval requirements. You are expected to use good judgment and avoid lavish or excessive
gifts. 

Business
meals or entertainment 

Ordinary and reasonable business meals and entertainment of a Client Investor are not subject to gift limitations, provided you host
and are present at the meal or event. Ordinary and reasonable business meals and entertainment that suppliers/service providers offer
are not subject to this limitation, provided a representative of the supplier/service provider is present and hosts you at the event
or meal. The meals and entertainment must not be so frequent as to create the appearance of impropriety in selecting Steele Creek s
suppliers/service providers. 

Promotional
items and deal mementos 

Items that display Steele Creek s or another company s name and have a nominal value (such as pens, tote bags, clothing or
caps) are not considered gifts subject to this policy. Similarly, customary deal mementos such as Lucite tombstones or plaques that are
purely decorative are not subject to the policy. These promotional items and deal mementos may be given and received without preapproval
or reporting. 

Compliance
Review 

Compliance
will review and approve (or deny) all gift-giving or non-customary meal or entertainment requests. Compliance will maintain such records
in electronic form. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 14 ] 

Outside
Business Activities of Employees 

In
general, you are expected to dedicate all of your business time and attention to Steele Creek and its business. 

Unless
disclosed to and pre-approved by Compliance, you may NOT: 

(i)
engage in any other business activities, 

(ii)
serve as an officer, director or employee of, or in any similar capacity with, any person or entity engaged in business-related activities
(other than executives who also hold the position of Managing Director of Moelis Asset Management) 

(iv)
serve as general partner or managing member of, or in any similar capacity with (including as a member of an investment committee), any
partnership, limited liability company or other entity operating as a private investment fund. 

You
must also report any material change in duties or responsibilities with respect to any previously-approved outside business activity.
Compliance may impose such additional restrictions or limitations on your outside endeavors as it deems appropriate. 

These
policies apply whether or not you receive compensation for such activity. 

Pre-Approvals 

Pre-approval
for outside business activities should be submitted through the Compliance System. You are required to complete an Outside Business Activities
form initially upon hire, prior to engaging in any subsequent activity and promptly upon any changes. With respect to any outside activities
permitted to be engaged in, you must not (i) imply that you are acting on behalf of or as a representative of Steele Creek or Moelis
Asset Management, and (ii) imply that Steele Creek or Moelis Asset Management has endorsed or approved the outside business activity. 

You
are not required to seek pre-approval prior for informal association with charities, civic foundations or similar non-profit organizations
unless you will hold investment or financial discretion. 

Loans
and Employees 

You
may not borrow funds from or become indebted to any person, business or company having business dealings or a relationship with Steele
Creek or Moelis Asset Management, except with respect to customary personal loans (e.g. , home mortgage loans, automobile loans,
lines of credit, etc.), unless the arrangement is disclosed in writing and receives prior approval from Compliance. Loans, whether or
not customary, from any person, business or company having business dealings with Steele Creek or Moelis Asset Management with respect
to which you have had personal involvement will require the prior written approval of Compliance. You may not use Steele Creek or Moelis
Asset Management s name, position in a particular market or goodwill to receive any benefit on loan transactions without the prior
express written consent of Compliance. 

Improper
Use of Property or Titles 

You
may not improperly utilize property of Steele Creek or Moelis Asset Management or improperly utilize the services of Steele Creek or
Moelis Asset Management, their principals or employees. For purposes of this restriction, property means both tangible
and intangible property, including Steele Creek or Moelis Asset Management s premises, equipment, supplies, information, business
plans, business opportunities, confidential research, intellectual property or proprietary processes. You must at all times use Steele
Creek business cards and other personal Steele Creek-branded items that accurately reflect your status and title within Steele Creek. 

You
may not use your position with Steele Creek in respect of any non- Steele Creek business, or to advance interests (personal or otherwise)
other than those of Steele Creek. 

Employee
Involvement in Litigation or Proceedings 

You
must advise Compliance immediately if you become involved in or are threatened with litigation or an administrative investigation or
proceeding of any kind, are subject to any judgment, order or arrest, or are contacted by any regulatory authority. Contact Compliance
with any questions about the types of litigation or proceedings that should be reported. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 15 ] 

Political
Contributions and Public Office 

You
 are required to seek pre-approval for any political contribution. Compliance may maintain
 a restricted list of jurisdictions or categories of officials for which contributions
 are prohibited by Employees as a matter of policy. Pre-approval requests should be submitted
 through the Compliance System or in such other manner approved by Compliance. 

You
 are prohibited from holding a public office if it in any way conflicts with Steele Creek s
 business; any campaign must be pre-approved prior to commencement. 

You
 or Immediate Family Members are prohibited from: 

o making
 any contributions in cash or in-kind except as permitted by this policy; or 

o giving
 any gift or anything of value except as permitted by this policy; or 

o offering
 any favors or preferential treatment to any public official; or 

o having
 investment discretion or the involvement with any pension plan or other governmental body
 that may become a Client or Client Investor, including any employee of such a plan or government
 body, or to any member of any such person s immediate family. 

This
policy does not restrict political contributions to: 

Candidates
 for the presidency or vice-presidency of the US, unless the candidate is at the time of the
 contribution a holder of a state or local government office 

Members
 of the US House of Representatives or candidates for a House seat, unless the candidate is
 at the time of the contribution a holder of a state or local government office 

Members
 of the US Senate or candidates for a Senate seat, unless the candidate is at the time of
 the contribution a holder of a state or local government office 

Broad-based
 PACs, such as GOPAC, that do not target contributions to a single candidate or group of candidates;
 candidates in a particular state; or candidates only for state or local government office. 

Pay
To Play 2 

Steele
Creek is subject to various pay-to-play restrictions limiting contributions to officials of issuers and certain political and party committees. 

To
ensure that Steele Creek complies with applicable rules, you must obtain pre-clearance from Compliance before making a contribution
of any kind, including contributions to any political candidate, political committee or to a political fundraising event. Contributions
include cash, donations of services, the use of your home for an event, etc. Contributions do not include speaking or volunteering for
a campaign. 

2 Rule
206(4)-5 under the Advisers Act. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 16 ] 

Generally,
you are prohibited from doing anything indirectly that, if done directly, would violate relevant prohibitions. Consequently, contributions
made by a spouse or other Immediate Family Member must be pre-cleared given that such contributions may be attributed to the employee. 

General
Contribution Restrictions 

Prohibits
 an investment adviser from providing advisory services for compensation to a government client
 for two years after the adviser or certain of its executives or employees make
 a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. 

Prohibits
 an adviser from providing or agreeing to provide, directly or indirectly, payment to any
 third party for a solicitation of advisory business from any government entity on behalf
 of such adviser, unless such third parties are registered broker-dealers or registered investment
 advisers, in each case themselves subject to pay to play restrictions. 

Prevents
 an adviser from soliciting from others, or coordinating contributions to certain elected
 officials or candidates or payments to political parties where the adviser is providing or
 seeking government business. 

If
certain executives or employees of Steele Creek make or makes a political contribution to an official in a position to influence the
selection of an adviser or an investment in the Client Fund, then Steele Creek will be prohibited from receiving advisory fees attributable
to a government investor connected to that official for two years following the date of such payment. It is not anticipated that Steele
Creek itself or any of its affiliates will make any political contributions. 

Permitted
Contributions 

Contributions
to candidates falling under the Pay to Play rules may be permitted in an amount of up to 350 if the employee is entitled to vote for
the candidate and 150 if the employee is not entitled to vote for the candidate. 

Refer
to SCIM s Compliance Manual for additional information on use of solicitors and associated pay-to play rules. 

Recordkeeping 

Steele
Creek is required to maintain certain records of the political contributions made by Steele Creek or certain of its executives or employees. 3
 Recordkeeping requirements apply to contributions made to both incumbents and candidates. Recordkeeping requirements apply to all
covered persons, including new hires. 

Compliance
Review 

Compliance
will maintain a list of all political contributions (including gifts) made by Steele Creek and Employees, a list of government clients
and potential government clients of Steele Creek, a list of covered associates and a list of all third-party solicitors
used to solicit government entity business. A list may not be maintained for the SCIM entities as they do not generally make political
contributions. The SCIM CCO will approve all political contributions; political contributions made by the SCIM CCO will be approved by
Moelis Asset Management CCO. Compliance also reviews contributions made by new hires in onboarding certifications. Compliance reviews
employee expenses quarterly to confirm political contributions (including gifts), are appropriately cleared and logged. Compliance performs
random sampling internet searches on political contributions annually. 

3 In addition, an adviser must keep records of all government
entities to which it provides or has provided advisory services, including government entities in any covered investment pool to which
the adviser provides or has provided advisory services. The Pay to Play Rule see SEC Release IA-3043 release date
6/30/2010; and the SEC s website for current FAQs related to these rules: http://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/pay-to-play-faq.htm). 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 17 ] 

Dealings
with Government and Industry Regulators 

Steele
Creek policy prohibits payments of any kind by Steele Creek and its Employees including any Immediate Family Members, and discourages
such payments by any agent or other intermediary, to any government official, self-regulatory official, corporation or other similar
person or entity, within the United States or abroad, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, or for the purpose of influencing
favorable consideration of any application for a business activity or other matter. You are encouraged to avoid even the appearance of
impropriety in your dealings with industry and government regulators and officials. As a result, you should not have any contacts with
any such government or regulatory agency or official without the approval of the SCIM CCO. 

You
are required to cooperate fully with Steele Creek in connection with any internal or independent investigation and any claims, actions,
arbitrations, litigations, investigations or inquiries brought by or against the Firm. You are expected, if requested, to provide Steele
Creek with reasonable assistance including, but not limited to, meeting or consulting with Steele Creek and its representatives, reviewing
documents, analyzing facts and appearing or testifying as witnesses or interviewees or otherwise. 

Compliance
Education, Questionnaire and Disclosures: 

In
connection with compliance with Steele Creek s policies, Compliance will: 

arrange
 an educational program to familiarize all personnel with Steele Creek s policies and
 procedures, and hold compliance meetings and other compliance education sessions as circumstances
 warrant (at which attendance will be mandatory for relevant Employees); 

require
 that all personnel, at the time of their initial association with Steele Creek and thereafter
 on at least an annual basis, complete certifications to update Compliance records, through
 our Compliance System; 

review,
 on a regular basis, and update, as necessary, Steele Creek s policies and procedures
 and make such changes to Steele Creek s compliance program and the Code as deemed necessary
 or appropriate; 

Ensure
 Steele Creek s Form ADV Part 2 includes a description of Steele Creek s current
 Code of Ethics policies; and 

Upon
 request make copies of the Code available to Steele Creek Clients. 

Recordkeeping 

Compliance
will maintain records required by the foregoing procedures, and records of any material breaches of the Code (including the response
and resolution thereof). These records will be maintained according to Steele Creek s document retention procedures. Records will
be maintained in accordance with each Compliance Manual, as applicable. 

Code of Ethics, February, 2023 [ 18 ] 

ADDENDUM 

Responsible
Persons and Compliance Contacts 

CCO 
 Matthew Stouffer for SCIM; Marie Bober for the Steele Creek
BDC 

Management Committee 
 Glenn Duffy, Matthew Stouffer, Christopher Ryan 

Compliance Personnel 
 Marie Bober, Laura Capicotto 

Trade Approvers 
 Glenn Duffy, Marie Bober, Laura Capicotto 

ADDENDUM [19] 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex21-1_steelecreek.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

1. Steele Creek Capital Funding I, LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company 

A direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_steelecreek.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

I, Glenn Duffy, Chief Executive Officer of Steele Creek Capital Corporation,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Steele
Creek Capital Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 29th day of March 2023. 

By: 
 /s/ Glenn Duffy 

Glenn Duffy 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_steelecreek.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

I, Douglas Applegate Jr., Chief Financial Officer of Steele Creek Capital
Corporation, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Steele
Creek Capital Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated this 29th day of March 2023. 

By: 
 /s/ Douglas Applegate Jr. 

Douglas Applegate Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_steelecreek.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Steele Creek Capital Corporation (the Registrant ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Glenn Duffy, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant,
hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Glenn Duffy 

Name: 
 Glenn Duffy 

Date: 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_steelecreek.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 

 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of Steele Creek Capital Corporation (the Registrant ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Douglas Applegate Jr., the Chief Financial Officer of the
Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Douglas Applegate Jr. 

Name: 
 Douglas Applegate Jr. 

Date: 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ck0000181782-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 ck0000181782-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 ck0000181782-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 ck0000181782-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 ck0000181782-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

